--- Page 1 ---
10255431589-v13 
- i - 
47-41052088 
 
Base Prospectus dated 30 May 2023 
 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. ("Assicurazioni Generali" or the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
Under the Programme as described in this Base Prospectus, Assicurazioni Generali may from time to time issue Notes in 
bearer form denominated in any currency, as described in further detail herein. Notes to be issued under the Programme 
may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (the "Senior Notes"), (ii) dated subordinated notes referred to as "More Senior 
Dated Subordinated Notes", intended to qualify as Tier 3 Capital (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Tier 3 
Notes) (the "Tier 3 Notes"), (iii) dated subordinated notes referred to as "Senior Dated Subordinated Notes" intended to 
qualify as Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Tier 2 Notes) (the "Tier 2 Notes"), and (iv) temporary 
write-down notes, without a maturity date intended to qualify as Tier 1 Capital (as defined in the terms and conditions of 
the Restricted Tier 1 Notes) (the "Restricted Tier 1 Notes"). Notes issued under the Programme will not have 
denominations of less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of any tranche of Notes, the interest (if any) payable, the issue price and any other 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") and which 
can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(as defined below) or, as the case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as 
competent authority in Luxembourg to approve this document as a base prospectus under the Luxembourg Law of 16 July 
2019 on Prospectuses for Securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of 
the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law and only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for 
the Notes to be displayed on the Professional Segment or on the Luxembourg Green Exchange Platform (the "LGX 
Platform") of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The obligation to supplement this 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the 
expiry of that period. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market (the "Regulated Market") is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Investments Directive, as amended (Directive 2014/65/EC) (as amended, 
"MiFID II"). The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial opportuneness of the transaction or the quality 
and solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II 
for 12 months after the approval by the CSSF and shall expire on 30 May 2024 (included), provided that it is completed by 
any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, 
a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated by reference) in 
this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and

--- Page 2 ---
10255431589-v13 
- ii - 
47-41052088 
 
the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
The Programme also allows for Notes to be unlisted or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer (including on the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). Under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having 
a maturity at issue of less than 12 months which fall within the definition of securities are not subject to the approval 
provisions of Part II of such law, but are subject to the approval provisions of Part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, 
which requires the approval of an alleviated prospectus. No money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less 
than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk 
Factors" on pages 20 to 65. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to benchmarks including (i) the Euro-zone interbank 
offered rate ("EURIBOR"); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate ("SIBOR"); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered rate 
("TIBOR"); (iv) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); (v) the sterling overnight index average rate 
("SONIA"); (vi) the secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"); (vii) the constant maturity swap rate ("CMS"); and (viii) 
the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (the "€STR") and amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes issued under 
the Programme may, in certain circumstances, be determined in part by reference to such indices, each as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Each such index constitutes a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, from the above-
named list of benchmarks, only the administrators of EURIBOR, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), and 
of SIBOR, ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte Ltd., are included on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, as far as the Issuer is aware, the administrators of SONIA, SOFR and €STR are not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark Regulation (or of the EU Benchmark Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal Act) 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK 
Benchmark Regulation"), as the case may be). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS) is not currently 
required to obtain authorization/registration under the EU Benchmark Regulation. Similarly, third country benchmarks 
(including TIBOR and HIBOR) already used in the European Union (the "EU") prior to 31 December 2023 can still be 
used in the EU as a reference for financial instruments, financial contracts, or for measuring the performance of an 
investment fund before that date. 
The Restricted Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to "retail clients" (as defined in MiFID II) 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). In addition to the above, pursuant to the United Kingdom ("UK") Financial 
Conduct Authority Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), the Restricted Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to retail clients (as defined in 
COBS 3.4) in the UK. Potential investors in the Restricted Tier 1 Notes should read the whole of this document, in particular 
the "Risks relating to Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes, and/or Restricted Tier 1 Notes issued under the Programme" and "Risks 
relating to Restricted Tier 1 Notes issued under the Programme" set out on pages 49 to 58 and "Restrictions on Marketing, 
Sales and Resales of Restricted Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors" set out on pages 2 to 3. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers  
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International  
HSBC  
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Mizuho 
Morgan Stanley  
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank  
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
10255431589-v13 
 
47-41052088 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................... 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 20 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................... 66 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST ................................................................................................... 68 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS .......................................................... 70 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ..................................................... 75 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES ..................................................... 138 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES ..................................................... 215 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RESTRICTED TIER 1 NOTES ............................ 297 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ....................................................... 378 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES ......................................................... 404 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES ......................................................... 430 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE RESTRICTED TIER 1 NOTES ................................ 457 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM ............................................................................................................................ 481 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 486 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................ 489 
OVERVIEW FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ......................................... 516 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 519 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 532 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 540

--- Page 4 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 1 - 
47-41052088 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, when used in this Base Prospectus, 
references to "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. For the avoidance of doubt, this Base Prospectus has been 
approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and not as 
competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and for the 
relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and to the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document and in the relevant 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is in accordance with the 
facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as 
defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this 
Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all 
information which according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the securities offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, is necessary to enable investors to make 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and 
the prospects of the Issuer and of any rights attaching to such securities and is (in the context 
of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information 
is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that 
any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material 
fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of 
the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes, where applicable) not misleading 
in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information 
as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates (including parent companies), and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates (including parent companies) makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, 
sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date hereof or, if later, the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information

--- Page 5 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 2 - 
47-41052088 
 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. None of the Issuer, the Dealers or the 
Arranger or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) represents that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) 
(the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. 
Restrictions on Marketing, Sales and Resales of Restricted Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors 
The Restricted Tier 1 Notes discussed in this Base Prospectus are complex financial 
instruments. They are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors, especially retail 
investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, 
regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Restricted Tier 
1 Notes.  
1. 
Potential investors in the Restricted Tier 1 Notes should inform themselves of, and 
comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to 
any resale of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein).  
2. 
(a) 
In the UK, the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") COBS requires, in 
summary, that the Restricted Tier 1 Notes should not be offered or sold to retail 
clients (as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a "retail client") in the UK. 
(b) 
Each of the Dealers is required to comply with COBS. 
(c) 
By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Restricted Tier 
1 Notes (or a beneficial interest in such Notes) from the Issuer and/or the 
Dealers, each prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with and 
undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
(i) 
it is not a retail client in the UK; and  
(ii) 
it will not sell or offer the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial 
interest therein) to retail clients in the UK or communicate (including 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus or this document) or approve an 
invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that 
invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way 
that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the UK.

--- Page 6 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 3 - 
47-41052088 
 
(d) 
In selling or offering the Restricted Tier 1 Notes or making or approving 
communications relating to the Restricted Tier 1 Notes prospective investors 
may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS. 
3. 
The obligations in paragraph 2 above are in addition to the need to comply at all times 
with all other applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or 
outside the EEA or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale 
of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not 
specifically mentioned in this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) any 
requirements under the MiFID II or the UK FCA Handbook as to determining the 
appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (or 
any beneficial interests therein) for investors in any relevant jurisdiction.  
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or 
making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Restricted Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial 
interests therein) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers, the foregoing representations, warranties, 
agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its 
underlying client. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will

--- Page 7 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 4 - 
47-41052088 
 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
SALES TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers 
purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined 
in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green Bonds,

--- Page 8 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 5 - 
47-41052088 
 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (each as defined herein) to fulfil any green, social or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. If any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds will be admitted to listing (including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated 'green', 'social', 'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. Neither the Arranger or the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) have undertaken, nor are they responsible 
for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets 
(each as defined herein), any verification of whether such projects meet such criteria or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
(or amounts equal thereto). Investors should refer to the Issuer's Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined herein) which the Issuer may publish from time to time, any second 
party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the application of amounts corresponding to the net proceeds of any issue of Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for further information. Any such green, social 
or sustainability framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting – which will 
be made available in the "investor relations" section of the Issuer's website – will not constitute 
or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase 
or subscribe for, any securities and will not be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
save in each case to the extent that any such information is expressly included or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, and neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) makes any representation as to the 
suitability or contents thereof. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such 
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €15,000,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject 
to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes 
is rated, its rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation" and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant 
"CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors 
are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes

--- Page 9 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 6 - 
47-41052088 
 
unless such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or superseded, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit 
rating agencies or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EEA-registered or UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA (or non-
UK) credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to "EUR", "euro" or "€" are to 
the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 
1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. Unless otherwise specified or where the 
context requires, references to laws and regulations are to the laws and regulations of Italy. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph 
(ii) below may apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Member 
State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes and any offer of Notes in the UK will 
be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to 
make an offer in that Member State or the UK of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering/placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or a Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the 
case may be) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be), in each case, in relation to such offer, 
or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State (or in the UK, as the case may be) and (in either case) 
published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
as the case may be), provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
the relevant Final Terms or is a Drawdown Prospectus which specifies that offers may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, as the case may be) in that Member State (or in the UK as the case may be), such 
offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in 
such prospectus or final terms or drawdown prospectus, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph 
(ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 10 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 7 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Furthermore, the conditions of the Notes are governed by English law or, as the case may be, 
Italian law, in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In the case of Notes governed by English law, the provisions concerning the status of 
such Notes will be governed by the laws of the Republic of Italy. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by 
a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets

--- Page 11 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 8 - 
47-41052088 
 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital 
markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures which precede them. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) 
(THE "STABILISATION MANAGER(S)" (OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE SUBSCRIPTION 
AGREEMENT, MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH 
A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL 
HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, 
STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC 
DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO 
LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE 
ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
LAWS AND RULES. 
MARKET STATISTICS 
Information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding business trends, market 
trends, market volumes and the market share of the Issuer or the Generali Group (as defined 
herein) are either derived from, or are based on, internal data or publicly available data from 
various independent sources. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources used are 
reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such sources. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus, including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein, 
may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) statements identified 
by the use of terminology such as "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "intends", 
"may", "plans", "projects", "will", "would" or similar words. These statements are based on the 
Issuer's current expectations and projections about future events and involve substantial 
uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained herein 
regarding the Issuer's strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, projected revenues and 
costs or prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to 
inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future events

--- Page 12 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 9 - 
47-41052088 
 
or actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying 
forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to publicly update 
or revise any forward-looking statements.

--- Page 13 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 10 - 
47-41052088 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the "Prospectus Commission 
Delegated Regulation") supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The following overview 
does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, 
in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes" or, as applicable, "Terms and Conditions of the Restricted Tier 
1 Notes") of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes" 
or, as applicable, "Terms and Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes" below shall have the 
same meanings in this general description, and references to a numbered "Condition" shall be 
to the relevant Condition under the relevant Terms and Conditions set out below. 
Issuer: 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. 
 
The Generali Group is the largest insurance group in Italy 
(Source: ANIA (Associazione Nazionale fra le Imprese 
Assicuratrici), the Italian national association of 
insurance undertakings) and one of the major players in 
Europe. The Generali Group operates in 50 countries 
worldwide through branch offices and subsidiaries. 
The Generali Group undertakes a wide range of direct life 
and non-life insurance business, assumed reinsurance 
business and activities in fund and asset management and 
related areas. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, gross earned 
premiums of the Generali Group amounted to Euro 
79,497 million (for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
Euro 73,985 million), of which Euro 51,145 million (for 
the year ended 31 December 2021: Euro 50,185 million) 
was attributable to its life insurance business and Euro 
28,353 million (for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
Euro 23,799 million) to its non-life insurance business. 
The Group's net result for the full year 2022 was Euro 
2,912 million (for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
including the result of discontinued operations: Euro 
2,847 million). Excluding the negative impacts deriving 
from Russian investments (which amounted to €154 
million, of which €71 million refer to fixed income 
instruments held directly by the Group and €83 million to 
the investment in Ingosstrakh), the net result for 2022 
would be Euro 3,066 million. 
The adjusted net profit - defined as the net result without 
the impact of gains and losses related to acquisitions and 
disposals - was equal to the net result of the period. In 
2021, adjusted net profit amounted to Euro 2,795 million, 
calculated excluding Euro 52 million relating to the

--- Page 14 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 11 - 
47-41052088 
 
acquisition of control and the extraordinary costs linked 
to the integration of the Cattolica group. 
Total investments of the Generali Group as at 31 
December 2022 amounted to Euro 451,317 million (as at 
31 December 2021: Euro 527,904 million).  
Insurance provisions of the Group as at 31 December 
2022 amounted to Euro 423,501 million (as at 31 
December 2021: Euro 479,449 million), of which 
insurance provisions for policies where the investment 
risk is borne by the policyholders and related to pension 
funds amounted to Euro 95,116 million (as at 31 
December 2021: Euro 102,481 million). See "Description 
of the Issuer". 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco 
Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Crédit 
Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC 
Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Natixis, Société 
Générale, UBS Europe SE, UniCredit Bank AG, and any 
other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal 
Agent 
and 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
The Issuer's Insurance Financial Strength rating issued by 
each of AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V., Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
are set out in the table below: 
 
 
Rating Outlook 
AM 
Best 
(EU) 
Rating 
Services B.V. 
A 
Stable 
Fitch 
Ratings 
Ireland 
Limited 
A

--- Page 15 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 12 - 
47-41052088 
 
Positive 
Moody's 
Deutschland 
GmbH 
A3 
Stable 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to the relevant Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK 
and registered (or which has applied for registration and 
not been refused) under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation" and, together with the EU 
CRA Regulation, the relevant "CRA Regulation"), or (2) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established 
in the EEA or in the UK but will be endorsed by a CRA 
which is established in the EEA or in the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation or (3) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established 
in the EEA or in the UK but which is certified under the 
relevant CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
under the EU CR Regulation and UK regulated investors 
are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using 
credit rating for regulatory purposes unless (i) such rating 
is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
(or the UK) and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation, (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA or in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
or in the UK and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation or (iii) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA or in the UK which is 
certified under the relevant CRA Regulation. 
 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Approval, 
Listing 
and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the Professional 
Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX 
Platform of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 16 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 13 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series including the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
Pursuant to Articles 24 and 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purposes of having Notes admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of the 
EEA other than Luxembourg, the CSSF will notify 
ESMA and may, at the request of the Issuer, send to the 
competent authority of such Member State: (i) a copy of 
this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
€15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time and any notes (from time to time outstanding) 
issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus by 
Generali Finance B.V. ("Generali Finance") and 
guaranteed by Assicurazioni Generali under the 
Programme. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the issue date, issue price and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a 
Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: 
(1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and, as relevant, (i) 
the final terms of the Senior Notes in respect of any 
Tranche of Senior Notes (the "Final Terms of the Senior 
Notes"); (ii) the final terms of the Tier 2 Notes in respect 
of any Tranche of Tier 2 Notes (the "Final Terms of the 
Tier 2 Notes"); (iii) the final terms of the Tier 3 Notes, in 
respect of any Tranche of Tier 3 Notes (the "Final Terms 
of the Tier 3 Notes"); or (iv) the final terms of the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes, in respect of any Tranche of 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes (the "Final Terms of the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes") (together the "Final Terms" 
and each, the "relevant Final Terms") or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 17 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 14 - 
47-41052088 
 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche 
of Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other 
currency or currencies, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer on a subordinated or 
unsubordinated basis as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
For further details of the status of the Notes, see the 
Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions, the Tier 3 
Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions.  
Senior Notes – Cross Default: 
The Senior Notes will have the benefit of a cross default 
as described in Condition 11(c) (Events of Default – 
Cross default of Issuer) of the Senior Conditions. 
Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 
Notes – Deferral of Interest: 
Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 Notes are subject to mandatory 
interest deferral provisions which require the Issuer to 
defer payment of all (or, as applicable, part) of the interest 
accrued on such Notes on an Interest Payment Date 
subject to certain conditions, all as described in further 
detail in Condition 5.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) 
of the Tier 3 Conditions and Condition 5.2 (Mandatory 
Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
If the relevant Final Terms state that Optional Deferral of 
Interest is applicable, the Issuer may elect to defer interest 
payment accrued on Tier 2 Notes on an Interest Payment 
Date in the circumstances set forth in Condition 5.1 
(Optional Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes – 
Optional and Mandatory 
Cancellation of Interest 
The Issuer may, at its sole and absolute discretion elect to 
cancel payment of all (or some only) of the interest 
accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes. See Condition 5.1 (Optional 
Cancellation of Interest) of the Restricted Tier 1 
Conditions. 
The Issuer shall cancel payment of all of the interest 
accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event 
(or, in the case where the payment of interest would itself 
result in the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, all 
or the part of the interest amount that would result in such 
occurrence) and upon the occurrence of the other events 
set out in Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Cancellation of 
Interest) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes – 
Full flexibility; interest non-
cumulative; no restriction on 
the Issuer 
The Issuer has full discretion at all times to cancel interest 
accrued on the Notes for an unlimited period and on a 
non-cumulative basis, and any unpaid amounts of interest 
cancelled 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5.1 
(Optional

--- Page 18 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 15 - 
47-41052088 
 
Cancellation 
of 
Interest) 
and/or 
Condition 
5.2 
(Mandatory Cancellation of Interest) of the Restricted 
Tier 1 Conditions shall be irrevocably cancelled and shall 
not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, and 
the Noteholders shall have no right thereto. The Issuer 
may use the cancelled interest payments without 
restriction to meet its obligations as they fall due. 
The payment by the Issuer of interest or distributions on 
any other own fund item (or any equivalent terminology 
employed by the Applicable Regulations) does not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer to pay interest on the 
Notes. 
The non-payment of interest on the Notes that has been 
cancelled 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5.1 
(Optional 
Cancellation 
of 
Interest) 
and/or 
Condition 
5.2 
(Mandatory Cancellation of Interest) of the Restricted 
Tier 1 Conditions: (i) does not constitute an event of 
default of the Issuer, or any other breach of obligations 
under these Conditions or for any purpose; (ii) impose 
any obligation on the Issuer to substitute the cancelled 
interest payment by a payment in any other form; and (iii) 
does not impose any other restrictions on the Issuer. 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes – 
Write-Down 
Following the occurrence of a Trigger Event: 
(i) the Issuer shall – unless Condition 10.3 (Waiver of 
Write-Down) applies – write-down the Restricted 
Tier 1 Notes, without delay and without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, with effect as from the Write-Down 
Effective Date by an amount corresponding to the 
Write-Down Amount; and 
(ii) any accrued and unpaid interest on the Restricted 
Tier 1 Notes through to (and including) the Write-
Down Effective Date shall be automatically 
cancelled and shall not be due and payable; and from 
(and including) the Write-Down Effective Date, 
interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes shall accrue on 
their Principal Prevailing Amount as reduced by the 
Write-Down Amount (subject to any subsequent 
Write-Down(s) or Write-Up(s)). 
See further Condition 10.2 (Write-Down) of the 
Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes – 
Write-Up 
For so long as the Restricted Tier 1 Notes remain written 
down, the Issuer may, at its discretion, write-up the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Restricted Tier 1 
Notes up to a maximum of the Original Principal Amount, 
in an amount corresponding to the Write-Up Amount, 
provided that the conditions set out in Condition 10.4 
(Write-Up) are met. 
Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes 
and Restricted Tier 1 Notes 
If the Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event Modification Provisions are specified

--- Page 19 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 16 - 
47-41052088 
 
– Modification and/or 
Exchange following a 
Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event: 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may in certain circumstances following a Regulatory 
Event, a Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting 
Event, as the case may be, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, modify the 
terms of the Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes and Restricted Tier 
1 Notes as described in further detail in Condition 17.4 
(Modification and/or Exchange following a Regulatory 
Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) of 
the Tier 3 Conditions, Tier 2 Conditions and the 
Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. 
 
If 
the 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event 
Exchange Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may in certain 
circumstances following a Regulatory Event, a Tax 
Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting Event, as the case 
may be, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, exchange all (but not some 
only) of the Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Restricted Tier 
1 Notes for Qualifying Securities as described in further 
detail in Condition 17.4 (Modification and/or Exchange 
following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event) of the Tier 3 Conditions, Tier 2 
Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity or no fixed maturity date, subject, in 
relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
In the case of Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 Notes, the 
scheduled maturity date will be postponed in certain 
circumstances, as set out in Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption 
and 
Purchase) 
and 
Condition 
10.1 
(Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption) of 
the Tier 3 Conditions and the Tier 2 Conditions.  
 
Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital and Tier 3 
Capital are required under Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014 
supplementing the Solvency II Directive to have an 
original maturity of at least ten years and five years, 
respectively. 
Notes intended to qualify as Restricted Tier 1 Capital are 
required under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the Solvency 
II Directive to be either undated or with a maturity 
corresponding to the duration of the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption 
amount. Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and

--- Page 20 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 17 - 
47-41052088 
 
cancelled, the Notes will (subject as mentioned below) be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount or, in the 
case of Restricted Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing 
Principal Amount.  
 
The relevant Final Terms relating to each Tranche of 
Notes will indicate either that the Notes of that Tranche 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity; or that 
such Notes will be redeemable prior to such stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer where the Call Option 
is specified, or at the option of the Issuer in the event that 
at least 80% (or, if different, the Clean-up Percentage 
indicated in the Final Terms) of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes has been purchased where 
the Clean-up Call Option is specified, or (in the case of 
Senior Notes, Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 Notes only) at the 
option of the Issuer where the Make-Whole Redemption 
Option is specified, or (in the case of Senior Notes only) 
at the option of the Noteholders where the Put Option is 
specified, in each case, on such terms as are indicated in 
the relevant Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer for 
tax reasons. In addition, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes and Restricted Tier 
1 Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer where the 
Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event, Rating 
Event or Accounting Event is specified. 
 
Redemption of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes and Restricted 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to satisfaction of the conditions set 
out in Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) of the Tier 3 Conditions, Tier 2 Conditions and 
the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, and may also be 
suspended and postponed as described therein and in 
Condition 
10.12 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
– 
Postponement of optional redemption dates) of the Tier 3 
Conditions and Tier 2 Conditions and in Condition 9.10 
(Redemption and Purchase – Postponement of optional 
redemption dates) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. 
Moreover, any redemption of Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 
Notes within the first five years, and any redemption of 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes within the first five years or 
between the fifth and tenth anniversary, in each case, after 
the Issue Date, is subject to satisfaction of additional 
conditions, as set out in Condition 10.9 (Redemption of 
Notes prior to fifth anniversary from the Issue Date) of 
the Tier 3 Conditions and the Tier 2 Conditions and 
Condition 9.8 (Redemption and Purchase of Notes prior 
to and between the fifth and tenth anniversary from Issue 
Date) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions.

--- Page 21 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 18 - 
47-41052088 
 
Other than, if any, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, no 
Series of Notes will be redeemed below its principal 
amount under any circumstances. 
Interest: 
Notes may or may not bear interest. Interest-bearing 
Notes will either bear interest payable at a fixed rate, a 
floating rate, initially at a fixed rate then switched to 
floating rate or vice versa, or at a rate which may be reset 
on one or more occasions during the life of the Notes. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark 
Transition Event, the Issuer may (subject to certain 
conditions 
and 
following 
consultation 
with 
an 
Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark 
Amendments or, as the case may be, a Benchmark 
Replacement 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Confirming Changes (each term as defined in the 
Conditions) 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation) of the Senior Conditions, 
Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Tier 3 
Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions and the Restricted Tier 
1 Conditions.  
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which 
have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 
(or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali will be made free and clear of withholding taxes 
of the Republic of Italy ("Italy") (and subject to certain 
exceptions), unless the withholding is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Taxation) of the Senior Conditions and 
Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Tier 3 Conditions, Tier 2 
Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been 
required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes may be governed by English law or Italian law, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms 
to be governed by English law: (A) the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law, except that provisions concerning the status 
of the Notes and relevant provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders and the

--- Page 22 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 19 - 
47-41052088 
 
appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative are 
governed by the laws of the Republic of Italy; (B) the 
Global Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement will be governed by the laws of England. 
In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms 
to be governed by Italian law: (A) the Notes and the 
Agency Agreement will be governed by the laws of Italy; 
and (B) all contractual and non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes will 
be governed by Italian law, while the form and 
transferability of the Global Notes will be governed by 
English law. 
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms 
to be governed by English law, for so long as the Notes 
are represented by Global Notes, individual investors' 
rights against the Issuer will be governed by a Deed of 
Covenant entered into by the Issuer dated 30 May 2023 
copies of which will be available for inspection at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales 
and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States of America, Canada, Hong 
Kong, Japan, The EEA (including the Republic of Italy), 
the UK, The People's Republic of China, The Republic of 
China, Singapore and Switzerland see, "Subscription and 
Sale" below. 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("TEFRA D") 
unless (i) the applicable Final Terms states that the Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) ("TEFRA C") or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D rules 
or the TEFRA C rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes 
will 
not 
constitute 
"registration 
required 
obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and 
Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the applicable Final 
Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Risk Factors: 
The purchase of Notes may involve substantial risks and 
may be suitable only for investors who have the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and 
the merits of an investment in the Notes. See "Risk 
Factors".

--- Page 23 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 20 - 
47-41052088 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in 
the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which the Group operates together 
with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk 
factors described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under this Programme. All these factors are contingencies which may 
or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view as to the likelihood of any 
such contingency occurring. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are 
not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price 
of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors 
should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the 
information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
References in this section to the "Generali Group" are to Assicurazioni Generali and its 
consolidated subsidiaries. References to the "Senior Conditions", the "Tier 3 Conditions", the 
"Tier 2 Conditions" and the "Restricted Tier 1 Conditions" are to the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes", the "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes", the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes", 
respectively. Otherwise, words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes" or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors 
should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
Financial and investment risks 
Financial results may be affected by fluctuations in the financial markets 
Market levels and investment returns are an important part of determining the Generali 
Group's overall profitability and fluctuations in the financial markets such as the fixed 
income, equity, property and foreign exchange markets as well as yield curves can have 
a material effect on its consolidated results of operations. Changes in these factors can 
be very difficult to predict. Any adverse changes in the economies and/or financial 
markets in which funds under management are invested could have a material adverse 
effect on the Generali Group's consolidated financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows. 
Fluctuations in interest rates may affect returns on the Group's fixed income 
investments and their market value. Generally, investment income may be reduced 
during sustained periods of lower interest rates as higher yielding fixed income 
securities are called, sold, or mature and their proceeds are reinvested at lower rates 
even though prices of fixed income securities tend to rise and gains realised upon their 
sale tend to increase. During periods of rising interest rates, prices of fixed income

--- Page 24 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 21 - 
47-41052088 
 
securities tend to fall and gains made upon their sale are lower or the losses made are 
greater.  
The Group is also exposed to equity risk and equity volatility risk. Equity risk derives 
from possible adverse changes in the market value of the assets or the liabilities due to 
changes in the level of equity market prices which can lead to financial losses; equity 
volatility risk derives from changes in the volatility of equity markets, and typically 
impacts the value of equity option contracts or insurance products sold with embedded 
guarantees whose market consistent value is sensitive to the level of equity volatility.  
In addition, the Generali Group invests a substantial portion of its assets in real estate, 
thus exposing the Group to property risk deriving from changes in the level of property 
market prices arising from the Group's property asset positions.  
General economic conditions, stock market conditions, level of disposable income and 
many other factors beyond the control of the Generali Group can adversely affect the 
equity and property markets and therefore, the value of the Group's investments. 
Investment returns are also susceptible to changes in the general creditworthiness of the 
issuer of the debt securities and equity securities held in the businesses' portfolios of 
the Group. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by, amongst other 
things, changes in the issuers' credit rating. Where the credit rating of a debt security 
drops, the value of the security may also decline. 
The current dislocation in the global and Italian capital markets and credit conditions 
has led to the most severe examination of the banking system's capacity to absorb 
sudden significant changes in the funding and liquidity environment in recent history, 
and has had an impact on the wider economy. Should the Generali Group be in a 
situation where it has to source a sustainable funding in a stressed market environment, 
the Generali Group’s ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at 
all, could be adversely affected. 
In addition to the general insurance and shareholder portfolios, the Generali Group has 
substantial exposure to fixed income securities, equities and real estate within its life 
assurance portfolios worldwide. The investment risk on life assurance portfolios is 
often shared in whole or in part with policyholders, depending on the product sold. If 
the yields generated by the financial investments are lower than the minimum return 
guaranteed to policyholders over a stated period, the Group compensates the shortfall 
for those contractual guarantees. In addition, independently on the achieved asset 
returns, the Group has to secure that the value of the financial investments backing the 
insurance contracts remains sufficient to meet the value of its obligations. Market 
fluctuations may also have profitability implications on unit-linked business.  
Therefore, fluctuations in the fixed income, equity, property and foreign exchange 
markets as well as yield curves will directly affect the financial results of life assurance 
operations and will also have indirect effects, through their impact on the value of 
technical provisions, which in most cases are related to the value of the assets backing 
the policy liabilities. Should the credit rating of the issuer of the fixed income securities 
drop to a level such that regulatory guidelines prohibit the holding of such securities to 
back insurance liabilities, the resulting disposal may lead to a loss (the materiality of 
which is directly proportional to the relevant exposure of the Group) on the Generali 
Group's investment.

--- Page 25 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 22 - 
47-41052088 
 
The revenues of the Generali Group's asset management businesses around the world 
are derived primarily from investment management fees, which are based primarily on 
the market value of funds under management. Consequently, the asset management 
business’s financial results depend on changes in the economic conditions and financial 
markets in which the funds under management are invested. 
For further considerations relating to interest rates, currency and credit risks, please 
refer to the risk factors: "Financial results may be affected by interest rates", "Financial 
results may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates" and "The Generali Group is 
subject to credit risk". See also "Part D (Risk Profile) − Financial Risk and Credit Risk" 
(pages 160-162) of the Risk Report contained in the Management Report of Generali’s 
2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Financial results may be affected by interest rates 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk, defined as the risk of adverse changes in the 
market value of the assets or in the value of liabilities due to changes in the level of 
interest rates in the market. In particular, the Group is exposed to downward changes 
in interest rates as lower interest rates increase the present value of the promises made 
to policyholders more than the value of the assets backing those promises. As a result, 
it may become increasingly costly to the Group to maintain its promises, thereby 
leading to financial losses. The Group is also exposed to interest rate volatility risk 
deriving from changes in the level of interest rate implied volatilities (for example, from 
insurance products sold with embedded minimum interest rate guarantees whose 
market consistent value is sensitive to the level of interest rates volatility).  
Significant changes in interest rates could materially and adversely affect the Generali 
Group's business, results of operation and financial performance. The level of and 
changes in interest rates (including changes in the difference between the levels of 
prevailing short term and long term rates) can affect the Generali Group’s life insurance, 
banking and assets management results and interest payable on debt.  
In particular, interest rates can affect the availability of disposable income for 
investment in life assurance and other savings products, asset values, levels of bad debts, 
levels of income from the Group's investments as well as gains and losses on such 
investments, funding costs and interest margins. Whilst interest rates increase the 
margin spread potential for the banking business, they are also likely to result in a 
decrease in fixed income asset values for life insurance companies. Generally, the 
impact of rising interest rates on the Group's asset management business is driven by 
the change in value of funds under management. 
Fluctuations in interest rates (and returns from equity markets) also have an impact on 
consumer behaviour, especially in the Group's life and asset accumulation businesses, 
where demand for fixed income products may decline when interest rates fall and equity 
markets are performing well. Consumer demand for the Group's general insurance 
products, particularly commercial lines, can also vary with the overall level of 
economic activity. See further "Part D (Risk Profile) − Financial Risk and Credit Risk 
– Financial Risk" (pages 161-162) of the Risk Report contained in the Management 
Report of Generali's 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Financial results may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates

--- Page 26 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 23 - 
47-41052088 
 
The Generali Group presents its consolidated financial statements in Euro but a 
substantial proportion of its operations are accounted for in currencies other than Euro 
principally the Swiss franc, the Czech crown and the US dollar. As a result of the 
accounting for operations in currencies other than Euro, fluctuations in the relevant 
value of the Euro to the Swiss franc, the US dollar, the Czech crown and other 
currencies (and the consequent impact on the value of asset holdings not denominated 
in the domestic currency) could be significant because, amongst other things, these 
fluctuations could cause the Generali Group's earnings to fluctuate and affect the 
comparability between results in one financial period and those in the preceding 
financial period.  
The Generali Group is subject to credit risk 
The Generali Group is subject to credit risks related to invested assets and those arising 
from counterparty risk in relation to third parties. Credit risks include the following two 
categories: firstly, default risk, resulting from a failure by its counterparties to meet 
their obligations, which could have a material impact on its financial position; secondly, 
spread widening risk, defined as the risk of adverse changes in market value of its fixed 
income holdings and other investments. Spread widening can be linked either to the 
market’s assessment of the creditworthiness of the specific obligor (often also implying 
a decrease in rating) or to a market-wide systemic reduction in the price of the assets.  
The Generali Group's general insurance businesses has substantial exposure to 
reinsurers through reinsurance arrangements. With regards to its life assurance business, 
the Generali Group mostly acts as an internal reinsurer of its subsidiaries, with the aim 
of pooling risks and, consequently, mitigating local credit counterparty risk. Under such 
arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of the costs, losses and expenses 
associated with policy claims and maturities and reported and unreported losses in 
exchange for a portion of policy premiums. The availability, amount and cost of 
reinsurance depend on general market conditions and may vary significantly year on 
year. Any decrease in the amount of reinsurance cover purchased will increase the 
Generali Group's risk of loss. When reinsurance is obtained, the Generali Group is still 
liable for those transferred risks if the reinsurer does not meet its obligations. Therefore, 
the inability or failure of reinsurers to meet their financial obligations and any 
development that could, directly or indirectly, affect their ability to perform (including 
any deterioration in their creditworthiness) could materially affect the Generali Group’s 
operations and financial condition. 
A default by an institution or even concerns as to its creditworthiness could lead to 
significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions because the 
stability of many financial institutions may be closely linked to credit, trading, clearing 
or other relationships between institutions. This risk may adversely affect financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and 
exchanges with which the Generali Group interacts on a daily basis and therefore could 
adversely affect the Generali Group.  
See further "Part D (Risk Profile) − Financial Risk and Credit Risk – Credit Risk" 
(pages 162 - 163) of the Risk Report contained in the Management Report of Generali’s 
2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Insurance risk

--- Page 27 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 24 - 
47-41052088 
 
Financial results may be affected by insurance risk 
Underwriting performance, for both the life and non-life businesses, represents an 
important part of the Generali Group's overall profitability. Unexpected changes in 
claims and expenses can have a material effect on the consolidated results of operations.  
Life underwriting risks deriving from the Group's core insurance business in the life 
and health segments can be distinguished in biometric risks deriving from the 
uncertainty in assumptions regarding mortality, longevity, health, morbidity and 
disability rates taken into account in the insurance liability valuations; and operating 
risks deriving from uncertainty regarding expenses incurred in servicing insurance 
contracts (expense risk) and from loss or adverse change in liabilities due to a change 
in the expected exercise rates of policyholder options (lapse risk).   
Non-life underwriting risks include the risk of underestimating the frequency and/or 
severity of claims in defining pricing and reserves (pricing risk and reserve risk), the 
risk of losses arising from extreme or exceptional events (catastrophe risk), and the risk 
of policyholder lapses from P&C insurance contracts (lapse risk). In addition, any 
adverse changes in the rate of claims inflation or in the cost of reinsurance protection 
could have an adverse effect on the Generali Group’s consolidated financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows. 
See further "Part D (Risk Profile) − Life Underwriting Risk" and "− Non-Life 
Underwriting Risk" (pages 157-160) of the Risk Report contained in the Management 
Report of Generali’s 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  
3. 
Operational and liquidity risks 
The Generali Group is subject to operational risk 
The Generali Group, like all financial services groups, is exposed to many types of 
operational risk. Solvency II defines operational risk as the risk of loss, arising from 
inadequate or failed internal processes, people or systems, or from external events. 
The operational risk also includes financial reporting risk (being the risk of a transaction 
error, which could entail an untrue and incorrect representation of the situation of the 
assets, liabilities, profit and loss in the financial statements) and compliance risk 
(defined as the risk of legal and regulatory sanctions). Strategic and reputational risks 
are excluded from the definition of operational risk. However, in order to reduce 
indirect consequences related to these impacts, during the Risk Assessment process 
further qualitative considerations are made, taking into account also reputational 
impacts and potential loss of business triggered by operational risks. Operational risks 
may derive from internal fraud, external fraud (including cyber-attack), employment 
practices, clients and products, damage to physical assets, business disruption and 
system failure, execution and process management. On the basis of the most recent 
assessments carried out, the most relevant operational risks for the Group are linked to 
cyber-attacks and to customer data protection, followed by other IT risks such as 
dysfunctions of IT infrastructure and applications, the risks of non-compliance with 
anti-money laundering regulations and international sanctions, as well as the risks of 
errors in product development and documentation, distribution and customer 
relationship management. Recent pressure on supply chains and business interruptions,

--- Page 28 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 25 - 
47-41052088 
 
together with the energy crisis, increase risks relating to business continuity, 
unavailability of facilities/utilities, as well as business interruption deriving from 
unavailability of IT systems and related critical infrastructure or caused by service 
failures by external providers.  
The Group has established specialised units with the scope of dealing with specific 
threats (e.g. cyber risk, fraud, financial reporting risk) that work in close collaboration 
with the Risk Management Function at Group level. The Generali Group's systems and 
processes are designed to ensure that the operational risks (and related adverse effects) 
associated with the Generali Group's activities are appropriately monitored, contained 
and mitigated. Any failure or weakness in these systems or processes, or the occurrence 
of certain unforeseeable events, wholly or partly out of the Generali Group's control, 
however, could adversely affect the Generali Group's operating results, financial 
performance and business activities, as well as its reputation. See further "Part D (Risk 
Profile) − Operational Risk" (pages 163-164) of the Risk Report contained in the 
Management Report of Generali’s 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Generali Group is subject to liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the uncertainty, arising from business operations, 
investment or financing activities, over the ability of the Group and its legal entities to 
meet payment obligations in a full and timely manner, in a current or stressed 
environment. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk from its insurance and reinsurance 
operating activity, due to the potential mismatches between the cash inflows and the 
cash outflows deriving from the business. Liquidity risk can also stem from investing 
activity, due to potential liquidity gaps deriving from the management of the asset 
portfolio as well as from a potentially insufficient level of liquidity in case of disposals 
(e.g. capacity to sell adequate amounts at a fair price and within a reasonable timeframe). 
Liquidity risk from financing activity is related to the potential difficulties in accessing 
external funding or in paying excessive financing costs. The Group can also be exposed 
to liquidity outflows related to issued guarantees, commitments, derivative contract 
margin calls or regulatory constraints. Inability by the Group to accurately measure, 
monitor and manage its liquidity risk could adversely affect the Group1s operating 
results and financial condition. See further "Part D (Risk Profile) − Other Material 
Risks - Liquidity Risk" (page 164) of the Risk Report contained in the Management 
Report of Generali's 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
4. 
Regulatory related risks 
Regulatory compliance and regulatory changes 
The Generali Group's insurance, asset management and banking subsidiaries are subject 
to government regulation in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. 
Regulatory agencies – in particular, the Italian insurance authority IVASS (in the case 
of the Generali Group’s insurance activities) – have broad jurisdiction over many 
aspects of these businesses, which may include capital adequacy, premium rates, 
marketing and selling practices, advertising, licensing agents, policy forms, terms of 
business and permitted investments.

--- Page 29 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 26 - 
47-41052088 
 
In the European Union, risk-based capital requirements have been introduced pursuant 
to Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and 
Reinsurance (Solvency II) (the "Solvency II Directive"). The Solvency II framework 
– which has introduced new requirements as to own funds, the calculation of technical 
provisions, valuation of assets and liabilities, governance structure, regulatory reporting 
and disclosure as well as governance of insurance companies – became effective on 1 
January 2016. In Italy, the Solvency II Directive was incorporated into national law by 
Legislative Decree No. 74 of 12 May 2015, which amended and supplemented 
Legislative Decree No 209 of 7 September 2005 (the "Italian Code of Private 
Insurance") and by IVASS implementing regulations. 
The Solvency II Directive, together with the accompanying level 2 implementing 
measures, such as Commission Delegated Regulation 2015/35 (as amended, the 
"Solvency II Delegated Regulation"), as well as level 2.5 Commission implementing 
regulations laying down implementing technical standards and associated level 3 
guidelines developed by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority 
("EIOPA"), define a strict and comprehensive regulatory framework for insurance and 
reinsurance undertakings within the European Union. In several cases, the solvency 
capital requirements for insurance and reinsurance undertakings increase as opposed to 
the previous solvency regime, and capital ratios have become more volatile in general.  
The Solvency II Delegated Regulation was amended in 2019 by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/981 which, building on the technical advice received from 
EIOPA, sought to enhance the proportionality of the Solvency II framework and its 
consistency with other EU financial legislation, improve the risk sensitivity of the 
solvency capital requirement (SCR) standard formula, remove unjustified constraints 
on the financing of the economy and increase transparency and reliability. The 
Solvency II Delegated Regulation was amended in 2021 by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/1256, which came into effect on 2 August 2022, as regards the 
integration of sustainability risks in the governance of insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings, as described below.  
Further modifications are expected as part of the comprehensive Solvency II review, in 
connection with which EIOPA published its opinion on 17 December 2020 setting out 
a number of key proposals further to a formal call for advice from the European 
Commission. Following up on the EIOPA opinion, on 22 September 2021, the 
European Commission published its comprehensive package of proposals and related 
documentation regarding the Solvency II review (the "Review Package"), including a 
legislative proposal to amend the Solvency II Directive in essentially three ways: i) 
lowering regulatory obligations on small and low-risk profile insurance companies, ii) 
taking into account long-term and climate change risks, and iii) enhancing group-level 
and cross-border supervision. Proposed amendments include (inter alia):  
- 
integration of ORSA (Own Risk and Solvency Assessment) with analysis of 
macroeconomic and financial markets developments and, at the request of the 
supervisory authority, macroprudential concerns; 
- 
analysis of the impact of long-term climate change scenarios on business as part 
of ORSA (Own Risk and Solvency Assessment);

--- Page 30 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 27 - 
47-41052088 
 
- 
changes to the format of the SFCR to be comprised of a first part addressed to 
policyholders and beneficiaries; and a second part addressed to analysts and 
other market participants; 
- 
changes to the rules for the extrapolation of the risk-free interest rate term 
structure and the operation of the volatility adjustment. 
More in particular, the legislative proposal contemplates granting supervisory 
authorities macroprudential tools aimed at reinforcing the liquidity position of 
undertakings facing significant liquidity risks that may cause a threat to the protection 
of policyholders or to the stability of the financial system. Such tools include power by 
the supervisory authority to restrict or suspend distributions or other payments to 
shareholders and other subordinated creditors; to restrict or suspend share buybacks and 
repayment or redemption of own-fund items; and to suspend the redemption rights of 
life insurance policyholders. Discussions to date have revealed disagreements between 
the European Parliament and the Council on several areas of the reform, such as the 
integration of climate change risks in the Solvency II framework and the operation of 
the macroprudential tools. 
The Review Package includes also a legislative proposal for a new Insurance Recovery 
and Resolution Directive ("IRRD"), which sets out the recovery and resolution regime 
for insurers and reinsurers. This proposal lays out a comprehensive set of measures, 
which aim to ensure that: 
- 
national resolution authorities are designated in each Member State; 
- 
preventive tools and powers, complementary to the existing Solvency II 
intervention ladder, are clarified in order to ensure that national supervisory 
authorities are able to deal in an efficient manner with deteriorating financial 
positions or breaches of regulatory requirements of (re)insurers without 
introducing any new intervention threshold; 
- 
(re)insurers and national supervisory and resolution authorities are adequately 
prepared for any crisis; 
- 
national resolution authorities have harmonised resolution tools and powers to 
take rapid and effective action when an (re)insurer’s failure cannot be avoided; 
- 
national resolution authorities cooperate effectively across borders, including 
with third country authorities. 
Under the proposed IRRD, an (re)insurance undertaking will become subject to 
resolution if a supervisory authority, after having consulted a resolution authority, or 
after having been consulted by a resolution authority, determines that the undertaking 
is failing or likely to fail; there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures or supervisory action, including preventive and corrective measures, 
would prevent the failure of the undertaking within a reasonable timeframe; and 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest. An (re)insurance undertaking shall 
be failing or likely to fail in any one of the following circumstances: (a) it breaches or 
is likely to breach its Minimum Capital Requirement and there is no reasonable prospect 
of compliance being restored; (b) it no longer fulfils the conditions for authorisation or 
fails seriously in its obligations under the laws and regulations to which it is subject, or

--- Page 31 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 28 - 
47-41052088 
 
there are objective elements to support that the undertaking will, in the near future, 
seriously fail its obligations in a way that would justify the withdrawal of the 
authorisation; (c) it is unable to pay its debts or other liabilities, including payments to 
policyholders or beneficiaries, as they fall due, or there are objective elements to 
support a determination that the undertaking will, in the near future, be in such a 
situation; (d) extraordinary public financial support is required. The resolution tools 
envisaged in the proposed IRRD include: 
- 
write-down or conversion of capital instruments, debt instruments and other 
eligible liabilities (bail-in);  
- 
solvent run-off (whereby the authorisation of a (re)insurer to conclude new 
insurance or reinsurance contracts is withdrawn in order to limit its activity to 
the administration of its existing portfolio, thereby maximising the coverage of 
insurance claims by existing assets); 
- 
sale of business, whereby all or parts of an (re)insurer’s business can be sold on 
commercial terms, without complying with procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply; 
- 
bridge undertaking, whereby all or part of an (re)insurer’s business can be 
transferred to a publicly controlled entity that will be eventually sold to a private 
purchaser when market conditions are appropriate; and 
- 
asset and liability separation, a tool to be used in conjunction with another 
resolution tool, whereby impaired or problem assets and/or liabilities can be 
transferred to a management vehicle to allow them to be managed and worked 
out over time. 
As currently proposed, resolution authorities shall apply the write-down or conversion 
tool in accordance with the priority of claims applicable under normal insolvency 
proceedings, so that the write-down or conversion will apply firstly to Tier 1 items, then 
Tier 2 instruments, to be followed by Tier 3 instruments and lastly, other eligible 
liabilities. The changes to be introduced under the proposed IRRD are far reaching. If 
the bail-in powers proposed in the draft IRRD are enacted and if the Issuer or the 
Generali Group were to be subject to resolution, the exercise of the bail-in power in 
respect of Notes issued under the Programme could adversely affect the rights of the 
Noteholders and result in the loss of all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
The next step is for the European Parliament and the Member States in the Council to 
negotiate the final legislative texts for the Solvency II Directive amendments and the 
IRRD. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not known when these negotiations will 
conclude, and there can be no guarantee that the final version of the IRRD and of the 
Solvency II Directive amendments approved and implemented will remain 
substantially the same as the original text of the proposals published in the Review 
Package, or as subsequently proposed by the Council or the European Parliament. 
Accordingly, it is not possible to foresee exactly how, or when, the key proposals of the 
Review Package will translate into changes to the current framework and their precise 
impact on Assicurazioni Generali and other insurance undertakings in Europe, and on 
regulatory capital instruments issued by Assicurazioni Generali (including Notes issued 
under the Programme upon their issuance).

--- Page 32 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 29 - 
47-41052088 
 
The Review Package and other possible reviews of the Solvency II framework may 
result in (inter alia) adjustments to methods, assumptions and parameters, changes in 
policy options, more stringent capital requirements and/or decrease in available capital, 
some of which modifications may lead to increased burdens in terms of compliance and 
costs. In particular, there is a risk that instruments issued, and to be issued, by 
Assicurazioni Generali or the Generali Group will no longer be (fully or partly) eligible 
as own funds and/or will not be sufficient to comply with the capital requirements from 
time to time required under Solvency II or otherwise. In such cases, the Issuer might 
have to refinance existing debt or raise additional capital as own funds. There is a risk 
that refinancing existing debt or raising additional capital would be expensive, difficult 
or impossible on adequate terms, with consequential potential negative effects on the 
Generali Group's capital adequacy, business and/or financial condition. The risk of any 
sudden, material adverse impact on the Generali Group is likely to be addressed in the 
context of the continuous dialogue with IVASS, both on an on-going basis and as part 
of the process when applying for IVASS' approval for the buyback or redemption and, 
where required, issuance of subordinated instruments, with a view to mitigating any 
possible effect. 
The Generali Group uses its Partial Internal Model (PIM), which has been approved by 
IVASS for the calculation of its capital requirements to better reflect its risk profile. 
Following the IVASS authorisation received in December 2020 for the extension to 
operational risks, the Generali Group's PIM covers all quantifiable risks of the Generali 
Group. See further "Part C (Solvency Position) − Group Partial Internal Model (Group 
PIM)" (pages 156-157) of the Risk Report contained in the Management Report of 
Generali’s 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The 
Group SCR is calculated with the Internal Model (IM) for legal entities which received 
the authorisation (namely, all major Business Units in Italy, Germany, France, Austria, 
Switzerland, Czech Republic and Spain). Other insurance and reinsurance entities adopt 
the Standard Formula; while other financial regulated entities contribute to the SCR 
based on local sectoral regulatory requirements (mostly banks, pension funds and asset 
managers). Solvency II requires insurance undertakings to continue to satisfy a number 
of post-approval requirements. In case of non-compliance with these requirements 
provoking material effects, the supervisory authorities may require insurance 
undertakings to revert to calculating their Solvency Capital Requirement in accordance 
with the standard formula. The Review Package furthermore contains amending 
provisions to require undertakings using an internal model to report regularly to the 
supervisors an estimation of the Solvency Capital Requirement calculated with the 
standard formula. 
More broadly, recent turmoil in the financial markets has resulted in significant 
regulatory changes affecting financial institutions, including insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings, as well as reforms and new regulatory actions aimed at addressing the 
issue of systemic risk and the perceived gaps in the regulatory framework viewed to 
have contributed to the financial crisis. Initiatives aimed at crisis prevention and 
facilitating the resolution of failing institutions include the publication by the Financial 
Stability Board ("FSB") in November 2011 of "Key Attributes of Effective Resolution 
Regimes for Financial Institutions", supplemented first in October 2014 and then in 
June 2016 with additional guidance - applicable to systematically important insurers - 
on how these key attributes should be applied to the insurance sector, and the on-going 
development of recovery and resolutions standards by the International Association of 
Insurance Supervisors ("IAIS", which is among others a member of the FSB). In

--- Page 33 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 30 - 
47-41052088 
 
Europe, in addition to the recently published legislative proposal for the IRRD 
described above, there have been discussions on the harmonisation of national 
insurance guarantee schemes ("IGSs"). Although the European Commission has 
communicated - when publishing the Review Package – its conclusion that action to 
align rules for IGSs is not appropriate at this juncture, the European Commission has 
confirmed that it is committed to reassessing the appropriateness and timing of 
alignment in the future.  
With reference to ICT management and resilience in particular, Regulation (EU) 
2022/2554 (the Digital Operational Resilience Act, or "DORA") was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 December 2022 and enters into force on 
16 January 2023. DORA creates a comprehensive regulatory framework on digital 
operational resilience for EU financial institutions, including (re)insurance 
undertakings, to ensure that they can withstand, respond to and recover from all types 
of disruptions and threats related to information and communication technology (ICT). 
The framework establishes a set of rules on ICT risk management, incident reporting, 
digital operational resilience testing, information and intelligence sharing, as well as 
measures for the sound management of ICT third-party risk. The regulation includes a 
two-year implementation window with the new rules taking effect on 17 January 2025. 
Other regulatory initiatives, including increasing regulatory and law enforcement 
scrutiny by EU and its member countries on anti-money laundering and countering the 
financing of terrorism ("AML/CFT") (such as the Anti-Money Laundering Directive – 
see "Risk related to non-compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering Directive and 
Counter Terrorism Financing laws and regulations" below), international sanctions 
requirements, directives concerning corruption, insider trading, market abuses, data 
protection (such as the General Data Protection Regulation – see "The application of 
the General Data Protection Regulation could adversely affect Generali Group's 
business, results of operations and financial conditions" below) and consumer 
protection/financial sector legislations (such as the Insurance Distribution Directive and 
the PRIIPs Regulation – see "Consumer protection legislation such as the Insurance 
Distribution Directive and the EU Regulation on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products could adversely affect 
Generali Group's business, results of operations and financial conditions" below), and 
relating regulations by EIOPA, IVASS and other regulatory agencies on these topics, 
could increase the cost of doing business or affect the competitive balance in general. 
The EU regulatory framework on sustainable finance - such as the Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, "SFDR") which introduces new 
obligations as regards the disclosure of sustainability related information with respect 
to investment services provided and financial products offered to clients, and the 
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) which supplements the Non-
Financial Reporting Directive by stipulating additional disclosure obligations – is 
progressively imposing additional compliance obligations on (re)insurance 
undertakings in Europe, including the Generali Group. On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission adopted a package of measures and initiatives related to the EU 
Sustainable Finance Agenda. The aim was to introduce the foundation for an EU 
framework which prioritises sustainability considerations in its financial system 
aligning such system with the European Green Deal objectives. As part of this initiative, 
the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1256 
amending the Solvency II Delegated Regulation in order to integrate sustainability risks 
in the governance of insurance and reinsurance undertakings. The amendments clarify

--- Page 34 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 31 - 
47-41052088 
 
that the system of governance of (re)insurance undertakings and the assessment of their 
overall solvency needs must reflect also the impacts of sustainability risks on the values 
of the investments or on the values of the (re)insurance liabilities. This has implications, 
for example, for the calculation of technical provisions and on the investment strategy. 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1257 amending the IDD Delegated 
Regulations (see below) was also adopted: the amendments integrate customer 
preferences in terms of sustainability as a complement to the suitability assessment in 
particular with reference to insurance-based investment products. They also incorporate 
sustainability factors into insurance product oversight and governance requirements 
and conflict of interest rules. On 25 July 2022, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2022/1288 which supplements the SFDR and the Taxonomy Regulation was published. 
The delegated regulation, applicable from 1 January 2023, specifies the details of the 
content, methodologies and presentation of information relating to sustainability 
indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, the principle of "do no significant 
harm", and the promotion of environmental or social characteristics and sustainable 
investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, on websites and in periodic 
reports.  
Regulatory scrutiny and proceedings as a result of non-compliance with applicable 
regulations or failure to undertake corrective action could result in significant 
regulatory penalties, fines or other similar restrictions, and in some cases, customer 
compensation and litigation, as well as adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions 
regarding, the regulated entity, in addition to diverting management's attention away 
from the day-to-day management of the business. A significant regulatory action 
against a member of the Generali Group could have a material adverse effect on the 
business of the Generali Group, its results of operations and/or financial condition. In 
addition, changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory interpretation 
applying to the financial services industry in the markets in which the Generali Group 
operates may adversely affect its product range, distribution channels, capital 
requirements and, consequently, its results and financing requirements. These changes, 
which may occur at any time, include possible changes in government pension 
requirements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency requirements. 
Supervisory requirements and policy measures developed by the IAIS may increase 
capital requirements and impose a more stringent level of regulatory scrutiny 
The IAIS has developed three tiers of supervisory requirements and actions applicable 
to the insurance industry. These include: 
- 
Insurance Core Principles ("ICPs") that are intended to apply to the supervision 
of all insurers and insurance groups, regardless of size, complexity or systemic 
importance; and 
- 
a common framework ("ComFrame") for the supervision of internationally 
active insurance groups ("IAIGs"). The ComFrame aims to introduce a risk 
based, global insurance capital standard (the Insurance Capital Standard, "ICS") 
applying to IAIGs, to be enforced by national regulators. 
The IAIS formally adopted ComFrame and ICS Version 2.0 in November 2019. 
Implementation of ICS Version 2.0 is conducted in two phases: firstly, ICS Version 2.0 
is used for confidential reporting to group-wide supervisors and discussion in 
supervisory colleges during a "monitoring period" that will last for five years (2020-

--- Page 35 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 32 - 
47-41052088 
 
2024). The ICS is not be used as a prescribed capital requirement in this phase; secondly, 
ICS will be implemented as a group-wide prescribed capital requirement. Assicurazioni 
Generali's status as an IAIG will result in enhanced supervision and regulation under 
the ComFrame. 
The IAIS furthermore adopted the holistic framework for assessment and mitigation of 
systemic risk in the insurance sector, with implementation from the beginning of 2020. 
The framework consists of an enhanced set of supervisory policy measures and powers 
of intervention, an annual IAIS global monitoring exercise, and collective discussion 
on the outcomes and appropriate supervisory responses, along with a robust 
implementation assessment. The holistic framework provides for certain elements of 
the policy measures developed by the IAIS for Global Systematically Important 
Insurers ("G-SIIs") to be integrated into the revised ICPs and ComFrame material and 
potentially applied, subject to the proportionality principle, to a larger set of insurers 
than those insurers that have been identified as G-SIIs in the past. Designation of G-
SIIs by the FSB was suspended as from the beginning of 2020. On 9 December 2022, 
the FSB announced its decision, in consultation with IAIS, to discontinue the annual 
identification of G-SIIs in favour of using the IAIS’s holistic framework for the 
assessment and mitigation of systemic risk in the insurance sector, subject to review of 
this approach in November 2025 and may decide to reinstate an updated G-II 
identification process if deemed necessary. Assicurazioni Generali was designated as a 
G-SII in FSB's 2013 and 2014 assessments, and future policy changes in this area could 
potentially affect the Group. 
The measures described above, and other measures and policies adopted by the IAIS 
from time to time, could have a significant effect on the business, financial condition, 
or results of operations of the Generali Group, and impact the Generali Group's capital 
requirements, including the recognition of capital instruments issued by the Issuer as 
Tier 2 capital resources (including Tier 2 Notes issued under the Programme) or as Tier 
1 capital resources (such as Restricted Tier 1 Notes issued under the Programme), and 
its competitive position vis-à-vis other insurance groups that are not subject to these 
more stringent policy measures. 
The application of the General Data Protection Regulation could adversely affect 
Generali Group's business, results of operations and financial conditions 
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation No. 2016/679; the "GDPR") 
on the processing of personal data within the European Union entered into force on 25 
May 2018 and was implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 101 of 10 August 
2018. The GDPR applies whenever personal data (i.e., any information directly or 
indirectly related to an identified or identifiable natural person) is processed within the 
European Union and, additionally, where personal data is processed outside the 
European Union in relation to: (i) the offer of goods or services to individuals in the 
European Union, or (ii) the monitoring of behaviour if taken place within the European 
Union; therefore, the GDPR applies even to organisations processing personal data in 
the European Union even if they have no presence within the EU. 
Broadly, the GDPR regulation covers the following areas: (i) a single regulation across 
EU for personal data processing, that reinforces exigencies of protection when personal 
data are transferred outside EEA; (ii) increased enforcement powers for the data 
protection Authorities with the ability to impose fines of up to 4% of global annual 
turnover (or up to 2% for breach of certain provisions); (iii) the introduction of a new

--- Page 36 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 33 - 
47-41052088 
 
EU-wide advisory body, the European Data Protection Board, replacing the Article 29 
of the Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC) Working Party; (iv) a single lead 
supervisory Authority for handling issues connected with data processing operations 
performed in multiple jurisdictions of the EU; (v) the introduction of new principles, 
such as the principle of accountability; (vi) the obligation, under certain circumstances, 
to appoint an independent Data Protection Officer; (vii) new rights for individuals, 
including the "right to be forgotten" and the right to data portability; and (viii) 
provisions for mandatory data breach notification to the Supervisory Authorities and, 
in certain cases, the affected individuals. 
The GDPR (and any future integrations and amendments) have important impacts on 
Generali Group as well as the European insurance market in general, as a result of, inter 
alia, an increase in compliance costs and obligations. 
Consumer protection legislation such as the Insurance Distribution Directive and the 
EU Regulation on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-
based investment products could adversely affect Generali Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial conditions 
The Group's insurance and asset management operations are subject to a complex 
framework of legislation regulating disclosure, transparency, business conduct and 
product governance, aimed at increasing consumer protection in the financial services 
sector. 
The Insurance Distribution Directive ((EU) 2016/97) ("IDD") (as supplemented by the 
Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2017/2358 and (EU) 2017/2359, the "IDD 
Delegated Regulations") − implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 68 of 21 
May 2018 (which amended and supplemented the Italian Code of Private Insurance and 
Legislative Decree No. 58/1998) − regulate the distribution of insurance and 
reinsurance products, whether directly by an insurance undertaking or indirectly by an 
insurance intermediary or, provided that a number of conditions are met, an ancillary 
insurance intermediary. The IDD framework imposes stringent disclosure and 
transparency requirements, including information on remuneration and introduction of 
a standardised information document for non-life insurance products (the Insurance 
Product Information Document, "IPID"); strict rules on product oversight and 
governance; information requirements on cross-selling and bundling; as well as 
additional specific disclosure and transparency requirements and conduct of business 
rules (including rules on conflicts of interests, inducements, assessment of suitability 
and appropriateness, and rules applicable to non-complex insurance products) for 
insurance-based investment products. The IDD Delegated Regulations have been 
recently amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1257, which came 
into effect on 2 August 2022, to integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences 
into the product oversight and governance requirements for (re)insurance undertakings 
and insurance distributors and into the rules on conduct of business and investment 
advice for insurance-based investment products.  
The EU Regulation No. 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation"), as 
supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/653, aims to improve 
information disclosures and protection of investors with the provision of a dedicated 
key information document ("KID") prior to subscription of a packaged retail and

--- Page 37 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 34 - 
47-41052088 
 
insurance-based investment product ("PRIIP"), in order to enable retail investors to 
understand and compare the key features and risks of the PRIIPs.  
These and other consumer protection legislation (and any future integrations and 
amendments) and the relating guidelines, technical advices and measures issued from 
time to time by EIOPA, IVASS, the European Commission and the European 
Supervisory Authorities, have a significant effect on Generali Group as well as the 
European insurance market, including, inter alia, increase of compliance costs, 
compliance obligations regarding distribution requirements, information disclosure and 
business practices, as well as impact on distribution channels. 
Risk related to non-compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter 
Terrorism Financing laws and regulations 
Directive (EU) 2018/843 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 
2018 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money 
laundering or terrorist financing ("5AMLD", implemented in Italy by Legislative 
Decree No. 125 of 4 October 2019) has further amended the Fourth Anti-Money 
Laundering Directive (2015/849/EU) ("4AMLD") which introduced increased 
enforcement powers for supervisory authorities with the ability to impose fines on 
financial institutions up to 10% of total annual consolidated turnover. The 5AMLD 
provides for (inter alia) (i) a wider scope of regulation; (ii) increased responsibility for 
the ultimate parent company of financial groups; (iii) broader access and establishment 
of a centralised national register of beneficial owners information; and (iv) enhanced 
due diligence for high-risk third countries. European financial groups operating in third 
countries whose law does not permit the implementation of group-wide policies and 
procedures are required to introduce additional measures to mitigate money laundering 
and terrorist financing risks at the level of branches/subsidiaries of the group 
established in such third countries. 
On 20 July 2021, the European Commission published a package of legislative 
proposals aimed at strengthening AML/CFT rules, including:  
• a new regulation on AML/CFT, encompassing directly applicable AML/CFT 
rules, including a revised EU list of entities subject to AML/CFT rules (known 
as Obliged Entities), with the objective of addressing the fragmented 
implementation and application of EU AML/CFT rules; 
• a regulation establishing a new EU AML/CFT Authority ("AMLA") in the form 
of a decentralised EU regulatory agency;  
• a sixth Directive on AML/CFT ("6AMLD"), replacing the existing 4AMLD as 
amended by 5AMLD; and  
• a recast of the 2015 Regulation on Transfers of Funds (Regulation (EU) 
2015/847) expanding traceability requirements to transfers of crypto-assets 
done by crypto-assets service providers. 
The EU AML/CFT framework, as amended from time to time, and corresponding 
legislation in other jurisdictions where the Generali Group operates, have a significant 
impact on the Group, as a result of the more stringent requirements and the necessity to

--- Page 38 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 35 - 
47-41052088 
 
reinforce internal procedures that will lead to increased costs of compliance, and 
exposure of the Group to potential enforcement proceedings, sanctions and penalties.  
The Generali Group is fully committed to the highest standards of AML/CFT. Internal 
rules and regulations have been implemented by the Group aimed at: 
- 
preventing all Group entities from being misused for money laundering ("ML") 
and terrorism financing ("TF") purposes (including the prevention from being 
misused for the financing of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction), 
by establishing and keeping updated a robust global framework with common 
group-wide standards;  
- 
protecting the Group and its employees against any corporate or personal 
liability arising under AML/CFT laws and regulations; and 
- 
protecting the reputation and brand of the Generali Group by minimising ML 
and TF risks. 
Risks related to international sanctions with regard to sanctioned countries and to 
investigations and/or proceedings by the competent authorities 
Assicurazioni Generali and the Group as a whole are firmly committed to compliance 
with relevant international financial and trade sanctions' legal and regulatory 
requirements in jurisdictions in which they operate. In accordance with such sanction 
regimes, Assicurazioni Generali and the relevant Group companies must comply with 
financial or economic sanctions imposed by, inter alia, the United States of America, 
the European Union and the United Nations on certain countries (the "Relevant 
Sanctioned Countries") and on certain persons, in each case, to the extent applicable 
to, and does not otherwise result in a violation by, Assicurazioni Generali or the relevant 
Group company, of legislation of mandatory application such as Council Regulation 
(EC) No. 2271/96 (the "EU Blocking Regulation") and implementing acts thereof. 
Sanctions imposed by different jurisdictions may vary in scope and, in certain cases 
such as sanctions imposed by the United States, have extra-territorial application. 
Applicable sanction regimes, in particular sanctions imposed by the United States, are 
subject to changes (for example, revoking u-turn transactions with a sanctioned country, 
reinforcing sanctions on specific regimes) that are difficult to predict and may limit the 
ability of Assicurazioni Generali and the Group to continue to transact and conduct 
business with certain clients or to maintain commercial relationships with specific 
counterparties, if sanctioned, and/or counterparties that are located in Relevant 
Sanctioned Countries. Failure to comply with applicable sanctions laws would not only 
constitute a breach of the relevant legal and/or regulatory requirements, but could also 
potentially result in significant reputational, financial and criminal damages to the 
Group companies, directors and senior management. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Assicurazioni Generali and the Group have limited commercial 
relationships with certain counterparties connected to Relevant Sanctioned Countries 
which are constantly monitored by Assicurazioni Generali internally and are in any case 
conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. See also risk factor 
"Risks associated with exposure to Russia" below. 
5. 
Internal control risk and other business risks

--- Page 39 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 36 - 
47-41052088 
 
Risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave the Generali Group 
exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Generali Group has devoted significant resources to developing policies, 
procedures and assessment methods to identify, measure, manage and control, and 
report all material risks to which the Group is exposed. To this end, the Risk 
Management Function interacts with the main business functions and Business Units in 
order to identify the main risks, assess their importance and ensure that adequate 
measures are taken to mitigate them, according to a sound governance process. See 
further Part B (Group Risk Management System) (pages 149-151) and Part D (Risk 
Profile) (pages 157-163) of the Risk Report in the Management Report of Generali's 
2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Nonetheless, 
the Generali Group's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully 
effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all market environments or against all types 
of risks, including risks that the Generali Group fails to identify or anticipate. If existing 
or potential customers believe that the Generali Group's risk management policies and 
procedures are inadequate, the Group's revenues and profits may be negatively affected. 
The Generali Group is subject to reputational, emerging and sustainability risks  
Reputational risk refers to potential losses arising from deterioration or a negative 
perception of the Generali Group among its customers and stakeholders. Within the 
Group's Reputational Risk Guideline, reputational risks are mostly considered second 
order risks, closely referred to sustainability factors or consequent to operational risks. 
Emerging risks arise from new or future risks, and are difficult to perceive and quantify 
as well as typically systemic. These risks generally refer to environmental topics and 
climate change, technological changes and digitalisation, geopolitical developments, 
and demographic and social changes. Sustainability risks refer to environmental, social 
or governance event or condition that, if it occurs, could cause an actual or a potential 
material negative impact on the value of the investment or the liabilities. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could damage the Group's brands and reputation, 
lead to negative publicity and increased scrutiny by regulators as well as adversely 
impact perception of the Group by the market, rating agencies, customers, media and 
other stakeholders, or negatively impact the value of the Group's investments or 
liabilities. These could, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Group's performance, 
financial condition and prospects. See further the risk factor "Climate change may have 
an impact on the General Group's business" below, as well as "Part D (Risk Profile) − 
Other Material Risks – Reputational, Emerging and Sustainability Risks" (page 165) of 
the Risk Report contained in the Management Report of Generali's 2022 Annual Report, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Generali Group may be affected by increased competition 
The Italian insurance market has experienced significant changes in recent years due to 
the introduction of several laws and regulations as a result of the implementation of a 
number of insurance directives issued by the European Union (EU). As a result, direct 
marketing of non-life and life insurance may be carried out on a cross-border basis and 
therefore for insurance companies it is much easier to operate outside their home state. 
The development of a single European market together with the reduction of regulatory 
restrictions is also facilitating the growth of new distribution systems, partially 
replacing the traditional reliance on insurance intermediaries such as agents. Changes

--- Page 40 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 37 - 
47-41052088 
 
in the regulatory regime and consolidation in the insurance industry have also increased 
(and will likely increase) competitive pressure on insurance companies in the Italian 
market in general and in other markets in which the Group operates. There is no 
assurance that the Generali Group will be always able to compete successfully in the 
future against existing or potential competitors or that the Generali Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased 
competition. 
The Generali Group is subject to concentration risk  
Concentration risk stems from all risk exposures with a potential loss which is large 
enough to threaten the solvency or the financial position. The Group has identified three 
categories of exposures in terms of main sources of concentration risk for the Group: 
investment exposures stemming from investment activities; exposures to reinsurance 
counterparty default risk stemming from ceded reinsurance; and non-life underwriting 
exposures, specifically natural disasters or man-made catastrophes. The Group has in 
place policies and metrics to measure and monitor investment concentrations, and has 
introduced concentration limits to prevent exposures that could endanger the solvency 
or liquidity position of the Group, substantially change the Group risk profile or 
undermine the interests of policyholders and/or beneficiaries. The Group has also 
developed a specific framework for identifying, monitoring, managing and reporting 
risk concentrations stemming from exposures to reinsurance counterparties and non-
life underwriting exposures. There can, however, be no assurance that these measures 
will allow the Group to successfully eliminate or minimise potential losses arising from 
concentration risk. See further "Part D (Risk Profile) − Other Material Risks – 
Concentration Risk" (pages 164-165) of the Risk Report contained in the Management 
Report of Generali's 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Assicurazioni Generali depends on the earnings and cash flows of its operating 
subsidiaries, which may not be sufficient to meet its debt service obligations 
Assicurazioni Generali is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of, and dividends 
and distributions from, its operating subsidiaries to pay expenses and to meet its debt 
service obligations including the payment of interests and repayment of principal on 
Notes issued under the Programme. Significant cash or cash equivalent balances may 
be held from time to time at Assicurazioni Generali's operating subsidiaries. Some of 
these operating subsidiaries will also have debt outstanding or may be subject to 
acquisition agreements that impose restrictions on such operating subsidiaries' ability 
to pay dividends, but these restrictions are not expected to be significant in the context 
of Assicurazioni Generali's overall liquidity. If earnings and cash flows of its operating 
subsidiaries are substantially reduced, Assicurazioni Generali may not be in a position 
to meet its operational needs or to meet interest payment or principal redemption 
obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks associated with the Group's exposure to Russia 
Sanctions were imposed by the United States, the European Union and Canada against 
Russian Federation, Russian entities or Russian individuals in 2014. In 2017 the U.S. 
Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (CAATSA) introduced new 
financial sanctions targeting a wide range of Russian activity and requested the United 
States Administration to evaluate the introduction of sanctions on "senior political

--- Page 41 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 38 - 
47-41052088 
 
figures and oligarchs in the Russian Federation". On 6 April 2018, US Treasury 
designated on the SDNs list Russian oligarchs, officials and entities including, among 
others, Oleg Deripaska, who is a minority shareholder of the Russian insurer 
Ingosstrakh, in which Assicurazioni Generali has an investment stake of 38.5%. 
Following the start of the war in Ukraine in February 2022, governments in the United 
States, European Union, United Kingdom, and many other countries imposed economic 
sanctions on certain Russian individuals, politicians, Russian corporate entities and 
banking institutions. On 10 March 2022, the United Kingdom designated Oleg 
Deripaska as a sanctioned person, followed by the EU on 8 April 2022. Other broader 
sanctions have been introduced on Russia, limiting the access of Russia to the Western 
financial system. Generali has been closely monitoring the situation and implications 
for operations and financial markets. 
Following the imposition of sanctions following the Russia-Ukraine war, Generali 
announced: (i) the closure of its Moscow representative office; (ii) its decision to resign 
from positions held on the board of Ingosstrakh and as a result, Generali has no 
influence on operations of the Russian insurer; and (iii) the wind down of the business 
of Europ Assistance in Russia. Generali’s minor exposure to the Russian market in 
terms of investments and insurance business is under constant evaluation and fully 
compliant with all applicable sanctions. Any further negative impact of Russia's actions 
in Ukraine and of the related sanctions, export controls and similar actions or laws on 
the Generali Group (including Assicurazioni Generali) could adversely affect the 
Generali Group's results of operations, business and financial conditions (see the risk 
factor "Difficult market and economic conditions, instability in (and the United 
Kingdom's withdrawal from) the European Union together with the risk of potential 
sovereign debt credit deterioration and political conflicts, have had (or have), and may 
continue to have, an adverse effect on the Generali Group's results of operations, 
business and financial condition" below).  
Risks relating to the Cattolica transaction 
Assicurazioni Generali's tender offer for Società Cattolica di Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
("Cattolica"), first launched in November 2021, completed in August 2022 with 
Generali's acquisition of Cattolica's entire share capital following exercise of the 
'squeeze-out' right under Italian tender offer rules, and the subsequent delisting of the 
Cattolica shares from the Italian Stock Exchange. See further "Description of the Issuer 
- Acquisition of 100% of Cattolica and delisting of Cattolica shares". 
Since then, actions have been implemented across all relevant business units for the 
effective integration of Cattolica into the Generali Group. The integration process - 
which has included the creation of a simplified and centralised product portfolio under 
Generali Italia in implementation of the strategic rationale underlying the tender offer 
- is proceeding swiftly and effectively and has contributed to higher synergies than 
originally expected by Generali's management at the outset of the tender offer. There 
can, however, be no assurance that the overall operating cost synergies envisaged can 
be achieved, or that the ultimate badwill recognition will not significantly exceed that 
estimated by Generali when evaluating the tender offer. The Group may furthermore 
be exposed to significant undisclosed liabilities relating to Cattolica, and may 
experience difficulties in achieving all the envisaged business plan objectives on the 
basis of which the investment decision was based. Should one or more of these risks 
occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of

--- Page 42 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 39 - 
47-41052088 
 
operations and financial position or on the Group's ability to achieve some of its 
strategic objectives.  
6. 
Risks relating to the market and macro-economic conditions and other emerging 
risks 
Difficult market and economic conditions, instability in (and the United Kingdom's 
withdrawal from) the European Union together with the risk of potential sovereign 
debt credit deterioration and political conflicts, have had (or have), and may continue 
to have, an adverse effect on the Generali Group's results of operations, business and 
financial condition 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of potential sovereign debt credit deterioration on the 
amounts of Italian and other sovereign debt obligations held in its investment portfolio. 
Factors such as deterioration of the economic conditions in Europe and in other parts 
of the world, geopolitical tensions and/or financial market volatility or a downgrading 
of those sovereigns to which the Generali Group is exposed could all have a negative 
impact on the Issuer's financial condition, results of operations or cost of risk in general. 
Other factors such as political crises, armed conflict involving major world powers 
(such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict) and other unexpected events can also 
cause disruption, uncertainty and volatility in global financial markets and 
consequently have an adverse impact on Generali’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
The hostilities in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia, resulting trade 
restrictions, disruptions to global supply chains, and increased energy and raw material 
prices in general since the outbreak of the conflict in Ukraine have negatively affected 
markets and businesses worldwide. The protraction, and potential further escalation, of 
the conflict could result in elevated and extended periods of geopolitical instability and 
have a significant adverse impact on the regional and global economic environment. 
After the United Kingdom left the European Union ("Brexit"), there remains a number 
of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship with 
the EU, notwithstanding the signing of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, 
including in relation to ongoing negotiations between the UK and the EU regarding the 
Northern Ireland Protocol. Accordingly, there remains significant uncertainties with 
regard to the overall ultimate effects of Brexit on the economic outlook of both the 
United Kingdom and the European Union, and its implications on the legal rights and 
obligations of commercial parties across all industries and in the services sector. The 
possible withdrawal from the EU of any other EU Member State could have far-
reaching and unpredictable consequences for the financial markets and the real 
economy, resulting in, inter alia, financial market turbulences including a widening of 
spreads, which could adversely affect the Generali Group's business and results of 
operations and financial position.  
Persistent market tensions from these and other geopolitical developments can all 
influence the economic outlook of Italy in particular and of the European Union in 
general as well as impact the local and global financial markets and economy. The 
insurance and asset management sectors are particularly vulnerable to financial markets 
and the macro-economic landscape. Generali has proven to be resilient to both financial 
risks and credit risks, with its solvency position remaining above the tolerances set out 
in the Group Risk Appetite Framework. Nevertheless, financial markets' instability and

--- Page 43 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 40 - 
47-41052088 
 
the significant increase in inflation, due to tensions on the energy and other markets, 
represent one of the key challenges for the insurance sector and for the Generali Group. 
Geopolitical tensions have contributed to the inflationary spiral that led central banks 
to implement restrictive monetary policies, sharply raising interest rates after years of 
negative or near-zero rates. The tightening of fiscal policy by some countries might 
weigh on households' disposable income and on corporate profits with negative 
implications for the Generali Group's business, results and financial position. See 
further the risk factor headed "Inflation pressures and rapid increase in interest rates 
could have a material adverse impact on the Group" below, and the paragraph 
"Challenges and Opportunities of the Market Context − Geopolitical and Financial 
Instability" (page 24) in the Management Report of Generali's 2022 Annual Report, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Adverse economic and financial conditions in Europe and other countries where the 
Group operates could negatively impact the Group's results of operations and financial 
condition. A slowdown of the Italian economy, and any downgrade of the Italian 
sovereign credit rating and its consequential impact on the financial markets, could have 
a material adverse effect on the Generali Group's business, in light of the Generali 
Group's significant exposure to the Italian economy. In addition, if any of the other 
countries in which the Generali Group operates were to witness a significant 
deterioration in economic activity, the Generali Group's results of operations, business 
and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.  
The coronavirus outbreak has adversely affected social and economic environment, 
financial markets as well as the Group's operations  
The coronavirus pandemic outbreak, and interventions by governments and central 
banks to contain the pandemic and address the health crisis, have resulted in 
unprecedented volatility as well as economic and financial disruptions in Italy and 
worldwide through 2021 and 2022. Restrictions and quarantines introduced have led to 
social and economic shocks in multiple business segments, including those in which 
the Group operates, with potentially long-lasting effects. Containment measures have 
resulted in business and supply chain disruptions, and affected the financial conditions, 
of the Group's suppliers, customers and counterparties.  
Although the global health situation has improved accompanied by a general downturn 
in the Covid-19 pandemic curve with a concurrent easing of restrictive measures, 
Generali continues to monitor closely possible risks of resurgence. In particular, the 
Group's insurance operations continue to closely monitor the evolution of the pandemic 
in order to control premiums, frequency and severity of claims, their impact on business 
profitability and the direct/indirect effects on underwriting risks. The pandemic has also 
impacted the Group's internal organisation, accelerating and improving processes and 
actions on remote working and the building of a flexible and sustainable hybrid work 
model. See further the paragraph "Challenges and opportunities of the market context 
- Pandemics and extreme events" (pages 37-38) in the Management Report of Generali's 
2002 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The coronavirus pandemic has had and will continue to have significant and persistent 
consequences for a long time to come both in the economic and social spheres. The 
long-term effects of the pandemic are also not yet fully stabilised and will affect the 
future demand of insurance and welfare services. Moreover, a new wave of Covid-19, 
or the occurrence of other public health crises, may result in the renewal of containment

--- Page 44 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 41 - 
47-41052088 
 
measures and restrictions and other forms of governmental interventions, with the 
consequential negative impact on society and economy in general as well as on the 
business and results of operations of the Group.  
Inflation pressures and rapid increase in interest rates could have a material adverse 
impact on the Group 
The strong rebound in global demand for consumer goods, labour shortages, as well as 
global supply disruptions and soaring energy/commodity prices exacerbated by the war 
in Ukraine, have propelled inflation to record levels in decades in the United States as 
well as in Europe. Structural factors have added to the risks, with headwinds to 
globalisation (reshoring of supply chains after the pandemic and rising US/China 
rivalry), 'greenflation' (higher energy prices amid underinvested fossil fuels production 
and rising carbon emission taxes) and a stronger societal focus on mitigating inequality 
adding to structural price pressures. The current inflationary environment has led 
central banks to promptly adopt tight monetary policies with a substantial increase in 
interest rates after several years marked by low, near-zero or even negative rates in 
some markets. Higher inflation affects insurance companies both in life and non-life, 
through higher yields on the one hand and higher cost of claims on the other. For what 
concerns life insurance, a gradual yield increase would help mitigate reducing asset-
liability duration mismatches and reduce the negative spread of investment yields to 
guaranteed policy rates. However, a stress scenario with a strong increase in bond yields 
and/or widening of corporate spreads 
could enhance policy 
surrenders. 
Notwithstanding protections against lapses (exit penalties, accumulated bonuses 
embedded in guarantees and tax disincentives), policyholders may surrender their 
policies for new ones or more appealing financial products, forcing life insurers to 
liquidate investments. Life insurers with longer durations and an allocation tilted more 
towards riskier corporate bonds could be hit the hardest by a sudden increase in yields. 
Non-life insurance assets too are held mainly in fixed income instruments: selling bonds 
and investing in newer, higher-yielding bonds will generate book losses; moreover, the 
ultimate values of the underlying claims are increasing, creating a mismatch between 
assets and liabilities, reducing insurer's surplus. Higher-than-expected inflation has 
adverse effects on non-life insurers: firstly, in long-tailed lines of business future 
payments will be higher than expected; secondly, in the short term, if inflation is not 
properly incorporated in client premiums, insurers may not have sufficient funds to pay 
claims. The significant increase in inflation represents one of the main challenges for 
the insurance sector and the Generali Group. The Group has implemented actions to 
combat inflation, including mitigation actions on both pricing and claims management; 
cost containment actions; strategic asset allocation adjustment; and more tactical 
management of duration and overlay hedging. However, prolonged period of high 
interest rates, or additional monetary tightening, may have a material adverse effect on 
the results of operations and the financial condition of the Group. 
Climate change may have an impact on the Generali Group's business 
Climate change is a material risk with possibly more limited effects over the short term, 
however potentially catastrophic over the long term. Associated with this risk is a high 
degree of uncertainty in accurately determining a time frame and magnitude of the 
impacts, especially at the local level. The identified impacts on the Group can be 
classified as physical risks and transition risks.

--- Page 45 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 42 - 
47-41052088 
 
The physical risks are determined by the change of frequency and severity climate 
phenomena (including for example extreme natural events such as storms and cyclones, 
flooding, fires and a rise in sea level) which affect the Group's non-life business, 
impacting – conditions being equal – the number and cost of the claims. Although the 
Group has defined processes and tools to manage and mitigate physical risks (including 
monitoring the adequacy of its actuarial models to assess and rate physical risks, 
recourse to risk transfer mechanisms, periodical analysis of its investments, product and 
service innovation processes), these processes and tools may not be fully effective in 
mitigating Group's exposure in such risks or against all risks falling into this category.  
Transition risk is associated with the decarbonisation of the economy, with 
consequential changes in domestic and international public policies, technologies and 
consumer preferences which might affect the value of the Group's investments linked 
to activities, sectors or countries having a high carbon footprint. This risk may also 
manifest as reputation risk resulting from trade relations with controversial sectors such 
as coal. A good portion of the impact of transition risk depends on the speed to come 
into line with stricter environmental standards. As part of the transition risk 
management, the Group seeks to reduce its already limited exposure of its investment 
portfolio to specific sectors, has set target for transition to net-zero greenhouse gas 
emission, and has restrictions on the underwriting of activities of the fossil fuel sector. 
However, the policies put in place by the Group may not be fully effective in mitigating 
Group’s exposure to transition risk or against all risks falling into this category, 
including risks that the Generali Group fails to identify or anticipate due to the high 
degree of uncertainty, such as political, social and market dynamics and technological 
changes.  
Finally, given the relevance of the risk, Group Risk Management is leading a cross-
functional "Climate Change Risk Project" to define a Risk Management Framework 
structured as a four-step approach: Identification, Measurement, Management and 
Reporting. See further "Management Report – Challenges and Opportunities of the 
Market Context – Climate Change", which includes also a detailed description of the 
Climate Change Risk Project, and "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements - 
Information about climate change", which describes how the assessment of climatic 
risks is considered in Group's valuation of financial instruments, real estates and non-
life business provisions, at pages 28–35 and pages 331–332, respectively, of Generali's 
2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below 
is a description of the most common features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In case the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
8.5 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 8.6 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) of the 
Senior Notes; or Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition

--- Page 46 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 43 - 
47-41052088 
 
10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-
Whole Redemption Option) of the Tier 2 Conditions or the Tier 3 Conditions; or 
Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 
(Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event) or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option) of the Restricted Tier 
1 Conditions, the Issuer may – on the relevant Optional Redemption Date or, as the case 
may be, upon occurrence of the relevant event – elect to exercise such option to redeem 
the Notes subject to, in the case of Tier 2 Notes or Tier 3 Notes or Restricted Tier 1 
Notes, satisfaction of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase and any other 
regulatory requirements applicable to such redemption. The Issuer shall determine at 
its sole discretion whether or not to exercise such early redemption option and is not, 
under any circumstances, obliged to exercise any such early redemption option. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, or be perceived to be likely to 
exercise its option to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its 
cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in the light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer has or will become obliged - as a result of any change in or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or other rules of the Republic of 
Italy or of any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the application of 
official or generally published interpretation (or application or interpretation made for 
the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including the publication or 
pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any competent court or authority 
providing for a position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that differs 
from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the Notes, 
which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last tranche of the Notes - to pay additional amounts in respect of such 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures it deems appropriate, the 
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the relevant Conditions. 
In addition, in the case of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Restricted Tier 1 Notes and, if 
early redemption for tax non-deductibility is specified in the Final Terms of the Senior 
Notes, Senior Notes, in the event that deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes for Italian income tax purposes is materially reduced, as a result of 
any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws or regulations or applicable

--- Page 47 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 44 - 
47-41052088 
 
accounting standards of the Republic of Italy, or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the application of official or generally published 
interpretation (or application or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, 
regulations or applicable accounting standards, including the publication or 
pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any competent court or authority 
providing for a position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that differs 
from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the Notes, 
which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last tranche of the Notes, and such non-deductibility cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the relevant Conditions. 
In addition, the European Commission published on 22 December 2021 a proposal for 
a Council Directive "on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational 
groups in the Union" aimed at implementing the OECD Pillar Two Model Rules 
("Pillar 2 Directive"). The proposal has been unanimously approved by all 27 Member 
States, which are required to implement these rules into their national systems before 
31 December 2023. The extent of the implementation of Pillar 2 Directive in the 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates is still uncertain. In particular, it is unclear 
whether and to what extent interest payments accrued in respect of certain equity 
accounted instruments such as the Restricted Tier 1 Notes would be considered as being 
deductible for tax purposes. If, following the implementation of the Pillar 2 Directive 
in Italy, interest payments under the Restricted Tier 1 Notes become not deductible by 
the Issuer for corporate income tax purposes, this may result in the occurrence of a Tax 
Event. 
SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR Linked Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
€STR Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to SONIA, the SOFR, 
the CMS Rate and €STR which determine the amount of interest (each, a "relevant 
factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
a relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(iv) 
the timing of changes in a relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
EU reform of "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and other interest rate index and 
equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices) 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed 
"benchmarks" ("Benchmarks") are the subject of recent national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such

--- Page 48 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 45 - 
47-41052088 
 
Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence or any other 
consequential changes to Benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or any other proposals for 
reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the 
timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to a Benchmark. 
Key international reforms of Benchmarks include IOSCO's proposed Principles for 
Financial Benchmarks (July 2013) (the "IOSCO Benchmark Principles") and the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. The UK Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of 
Benchmarks and the use of a Benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of 
principles for Benchmarks to be used in financial markets, specifically covering 
governance and accountability, as well as the quality and transparency of Benchmark 
design and methodologies. A review published in February 2015 on the status of the 
voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted that, as the 
Benchmarks industry is in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by 
IOSCO in the future, but that it is too early to determine what those steps should be. 
The review noted that there has been a significant market reaction to the publication of 
the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and widespread efforts being made to implement the 
IOSCO Benchmark Principles by the majority of administrators surveyed. 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. The EU Benchmark Regulation was published in the Official Journal on 29 
June 2016 and entered into force on 30 June 2016. Subject to various transitional 
provisions, the EU Benchmark Regulation applies from 1 January 2018, except that the 
regime for "critical" Benchmark has applied from 30 June 2016 and certain 
amendments to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Market Abuse Regulation") have 
applied from 3 July 2016. Subject to the transitional provisions set out in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmark Regulation, the EU Benchmark Regulation would apply to 
"contributors", "administrators" and "users of" Benchmarks in the EU, and would, 
among other things, (i) require Benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks and (ii) ban the 
use of Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation is wide and, in addition to applying to so-called "critical benchmark" indices 
such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as 
well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices 
(including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. The 
transitional period under the EU Benchmark Regulation has been extended for two 
years for critical benchmarks and third country benchmarks by Regulation (EU) 
2019/2089 of 27 November 2019. Accordingly, providers of critical benchmarks (such 
as EURIBOR) have until 31 December 2023 to comply with the new EU Benchmark 
Regulation requirements.  
The EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could also have a material impact on any listed Notes linked to an index based on a

--- Page 49 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 46 - 
47-41052088 
 
Benchmark, including in any of the following circumstances: (i) an index which is a 
Benchmark may not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate 
EU/UK authorisations or is based in a non-EU/UK jurisdiction, as applicable, which 
(subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. 
In such event, depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the 
Notes, the Notes could be adjusted or otherwise impacted; (ii) the methodology or other 
terms of the Benchmark related to a series of Notes could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the 
Benchmark or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead 
to adjustments to the terms of the Notes.  
Workstreams have been developed in Europe over recent years to reform EURIBOR 
using a hybrid methodology and to provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate 
(based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term 
rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended 
€STR as the new risk-free rate. €STR was published by the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB") on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) and on 6 November 2019 such working 
group issued high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in contracts 
referencing EURIBOR, which include a recommendation that market participants 
incorporate fallback provisions in all new financial instruments and contracts 
referencing EURIBOR. 
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the 
European Union approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards the exemption of certain third-country spot 
foreign exchange Benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain 
Benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new 
framework delegates the European Commission to designate a replacement for 
Benchmarks qualified as critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation 
or wind-down of such a Benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning of 
financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the designation of a 
replacement for a Benchmark should apply to any contract and any financial instrument 
as defined in MiFID II that is subject to the law of a relevant state. In addition, with 
respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period 
for the use of third-country Benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further 
extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 
10 February 2021 the Council of the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered 
into force on the following day. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks 
of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect 
of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in 
certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.

--- Page 50 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 47 - 
47-41052088 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
Investors should be aware that if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period 
in accordance with the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes", the "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 
2 Notes", the "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes" and the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that a published Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as 
EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, without limitation, mid swap 
rates), or any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service) becomes unavailable. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the 
purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. The fallback provisions 
may result in the effective application of a rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period, the sum of 
the relevant Margin and the Reference Rate that most recently appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, as applicable, the application of the initial Rate of Interest applicable 
to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. The relevant Terms and Conditions 
furthermore provide for certain fallback arrangements in case a benchmark 
discontinuation or cessation event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the 
rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference 
rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of the relevant Benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and (where required) in consultation with an Independent Adviser). 
However, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement (in certain circumstances) of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Senior 
Conditions or Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Tier 3 Conditions, the 
Tier 2 Conditions or the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, if a successor rate, alternative 
rate or adjustment spread is to be applied following any such benchmark 
discontinuation or cessation, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes without the 
requirement for consent of the Noteholders, if the Issuer - following (where required) 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith - determines that 
such amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of the successor rate, 
alternative rate and/or adjustment spread, save where, in the case of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 
2 Notes or Restricted Tier 1 Notes, such amendments could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Notes as Tier 3 Capital, Tier 2 Capital or, as

--- Page 51 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 48 - 
47-41052088 
 
the case may be, Restricted Tier 1 Capital.Any such consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of 
certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight 
rates) as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free 
rates, such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR as a reference rate in the capital markets for 
sterling, U.S. Dollar and Euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to 
the relevant interbank offered rates. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, 
including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate over a 
designated term).  
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that 
differs (also significantly) from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to 
Notes referenced to a reference rate under the Programme.  
Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult 
for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rate to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Furthermore, if the Notes become due 
and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes 
shall only be determined immediately prior to the date the Notes became due and 
payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
Since risk free rates are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may 
have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other risk free rate, such as the spread over the rate 
reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of any 
Notes linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other risk free rate may be lower than 
those of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Floating Rate Notes.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than

--- Page 52 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 49 - 
47-41052088 
 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) 
the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date). On the 
first Reset Date and on each subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate 
will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the applicable Reset 
Margin (the "Reset Rate"), which could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods, and could affect the market value of an investment 
in the Reset Notes. 
Maximum/Minimum Rate of Interest 
To the extent that a Minimum Rate of Interest applies, investors should consider that 
where the interest rate does not rise above the level of Minimum Rate of Interest, 
comparable investments in notes which pay interest based on a fixed rate which is 
higher than the Minimum Rate of Interest are likely to be more attractive to potential 
investors than an investment in the Notes. Under those conditions, investors in the 
Notes might find it difficult to sell their Notes on the secondary market (if any) or might 
only be able to realise the Notes at a price which may be substantially lower than the 
nominal amount. 
To the extent that a Maximum Rate of Interest applies, investors should be aware that 
the Rate of Interest is capped at such Maximum Rate of Interest level. Consequently, 
investors may not participate in any increase of market interest rates, which may also 
negatively affect the market value of the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes, and/or Restricted Tier 1 Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Claims of holders of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes and Restricted Tier 1 Notes are 
subordinated 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, before it can make any 
payments on Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Restricted Tier 1 Notes, it will be required 
to pay in full the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other 
unsubordinated creditors (including unsecured creditors) as well as any other 
subordinated creditors whose claims rank higher than the relevant subordinated notes. 
If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to 
pay amounts due under the relevant subordinated notes. See further Condition 4 (Status

--- Page 53 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 50 - 
47-41052088 
 
of the Notes) of the Tier 3 Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 
Conditions. 
Interest payments on Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 Notes are subject to interest deferral 
provisions 
In addition, Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 Notes are subject to special provisions, driven by 
regulatory capital requirements, which require the Issuer to defer payments to 
Noteholders of interest. See further Condition 5.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) of 
the Tier 3 Conditions and Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 2 
Conditions. In the case of Tier 2 Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify Optional 
Deferral of Interest as being applicable, such Notes will be furthermore subject to 
special provisions as set out in Condition 5.1 (Optional Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 
2 Conditions, which entitle the Issuer to defer interest payments to Noteholders in the 
circumstances specified therein. The Tier 3 Conditions and the Tier 2 Conditions oblige 
the Issuer to defer interest payments if there is non-compliance with the Solvency 
Capital Requirement, or the interest payment would lead to such non-compliance, and 
in certain other circumstances. Mandatory deferral of interest payments may also occur 
if payment of the relevant interest would result in, or accelerate, the Issuer becoming 
insolvent; or if the Lead Regulator has determined that the Issuer’s financial and 
solvency condition is deteriorating in such a manner that its Solvency Margin would 
fall below the Solvency Capital Requirement in the short term, or otherwise orders or 
requires the Issuer to defer or suspend the relevant interest payment on the Notes. 
As a result, any deferral of interest payments, or perception that the Issuer will exercise 
its deferral right, will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. In 
addition, as a result of the interest deferral provisions of the Notes, the market price of 
the Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which 
interest accrues that are not subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive 
generally to adverse changes in the financial condition of the Issuer.  
Redemption of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes and Restricted Tier 1 Notes is subject to 
restrictions which may delay the effective redemption of the Notes 
Any redemption of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Restricted Tier 1 Notes is subject to 
the satisfaction of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase, and the Conditions 
provide that the scheduled maturity date of Tier 3 Notes or Tier 2 Notes with a specified 
maturity date or, in the case of an optional redemption, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date, shall be postponed if the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase 
are not satisfied: see further Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), 
Condition 10.12 (Redemption and Purchase - Postponement of optional redemption 
dates) and Condition 10.13 (Redemption and Purchase - Waiver of Redemption 
Suspension) of the Tier 3 Conditions or Tier 2 Conditions and Condition 6 (Conditions 
for Redemption and Purchase), Condition 9.10 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Postponement of optional redemption dates) and Condition 9.11 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Waiver of Redemption Suspension) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions.  
These conditions include (inter alia) prior approval of IVASS as the competent lead 
regulator, such redemption not resulting in (or accelerating) the insolvency of the Issuer 
and the satisfaction of other conditions set out in Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase). In particular, no redemption of the Notes can take place if: 
(a) there is non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement (or redemption

--- Page 54 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 51 - 
47-41052088 
 
would lead to such non-compliance), unless the Lead Regulator has exceptionally 
waived the suspension of redemption and other pre-conditions for such waiver are met; 
(b) an (re)insurance undertaking included in the scope of group supervision of the Issuer 
is subject to insolvent winding-up (unless satisfaction of such condition is no longer a 
requirement for the Notes to be recognised as own funds). If any of these conditions are 
not satisfied, any redemption of the Notes on their scheduled maturity date, and any 
optional redemption of the Notes that is already notified to the Noteholders, shall be 
suspended and the redemption of the Notes shall be postponed. Failure to redeem the 
Notes in such circumstances does not constitute any default of the Issuer or any other 
breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose. 
Moreover, any redemption of Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 Notes within the first five years, 
and any redemption of Restricted Tier 1 Notes within the first five years or between the 
fifth and tenth anniversary, in each case, after the Issue Date, is subject to satisfaction 
of additional conditions, as set out in Condition 10.9 (Redemption of Notes prior to fifth 
anniversary from the Issue Date) of the Tier 3 Conditions and the Tier 2 Conditions 
and Condition 9.8 (Redemption and Purchase of Notes prior to and between the fifth 
and tenth anniversary from Issue Date) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. 
The non-satisfaction of any of the requisite conditions to redemption will delay the date 
on which the relevant Notes are effectively redeemed and such delay may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of the relevant Notes. 
The subordination level of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Tier 2 
Conditions vis-à-vis More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Tier 3 
Conditions may vary 
The More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under 
Condition 4.1 (Status of More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali) of the Tier 3 Conditions rank (A) for so long as any Relevant Existing 
Indebtedness is outstanding, (x) pari passu with such Relevant Existing Indebtedness, 
and (y) at least pari passu with Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali (other than, for clarity, Relevant Existing Indebtedness); and (B) provided that 
no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, senior to Senior Dated Subordinated 
Notes of Assicurazioni Generali. 
The Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under 
Condition 4.1 (Status of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali) 
of the Tier 2 Conditions rank (A) for so long as any Relevant Existing Indebtedness is 
outstanding, pari passu with (x) such Relevant Existing Indebtedness, and (y) More 
Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; and (B) provided that no 
Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, junior to More Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali. 
"Relevant Existing Indebtedness" is defined in the Tier 3 Conditions and the Tier 2 
Conditions as "the following Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
if and for so long as their terms and conditions do not permit the Issuer to issue 
subordinated obligations ranking senior thereto: 
- 
€1,000,000,000 Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due May 2026 (XS1062900912) 
issued in May 2014, in a principal amount outstanding of €1,000,000,000;

--- Page 55 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 52 - 
47-41052088 
 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due October 
2047 (XS1311440082) issued in October 2015 (first call October 2027), in a 
principal amount outstanding of €1,250,000,000; and 
- 
€850,000,000 Fixed/Floating Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2048 
(XS1428773763) issued in June 2016 (first call June 2028), in a principal amount 
outstanding of €850,000,000, 
in each case, as at 30 May 2023. 
As a result, the subordination level of the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued 
under the Tier 2 Conditions and the subordination level of the More Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Tier 3 Conditions may vary, as for as long as there 
is any Relevant Existing Indebtedness outstanding, the Senior Dated Subordinated 
Notes will rank equally to the More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes, however, once 
no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes 
will subsequently rank junior to the More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes. 
Variation of the terms and conditions of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Restricted Tier 1 
Notes or Exchange of Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Restricted Tier 1 Notes for 
Qualifying Securities 
In relation to any Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes and Restricted Tier 1 Notes, if the relevant 
Final Terms specify that the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Modification 
Provisions or the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange Provisions are 
applicable, then the Issuer may in certain circumstances modify the terms and 
conditions of such Notes or, as applicable, exchange such Notes for Qualifying 
Securities, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to 
the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Regulatory 
Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event would exist after 
such modification or would exist in relation to Qualifying Securities, provided that the 
relevant conditions set forth in Condition 17.4 (Modification and/or Exchange 
following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) of the Tier 
3 Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions are satisfied. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that such modification or exchange may not have 
an adverse impact on the price of, and/or the market for, the Notes or the circumstances 
of the individual Noteholders.  
Risks relating to Restricted Tier 1 Notes issued under the Programme 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes are perpetual and have no fixed maturity date  
Restricted Tier 1 Notes have no specified maturity date. Although the Issuer may have 
one or more option(s) to redeem Restricted Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances (see 
"Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" above), the Issuer is under no 
obligation to exercise such options and there are limitations on the Issuer's ability to do 
so. In addition, Restricted Tier 1 Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the 
Noteholders and there are no events of default under such Notes. There is no right of 
acceleration in case of interest cancellation or principal write-down or suspension of an 
optional redemption of Restricted Tier 1 Notes. Under the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes shall become immediately due and payable only in the event of 
voluntary or involuntary winding-up proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer

--- Page 56 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 53 - 
47-41052088 
 
(otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation). Therefore, Noteholders 
must bear the financial risks of an investment in the Restricted Tier 1 Notes for an 
indefinite period of time. 
The principal amount of Restricted Tier 1 Notes may be written down to absorb losses 
and there is no obligation on the Issuer to effect a write-up 
If a Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall – unless Condition 10.3 (Waiver of Write-
Down) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions applies – write-down the Notes by the Write-
Down Amount, in accordance with the procedure set out in Condition 10 (Principal 
Loss Absorption) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, and all accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes through to the Write-Down Effective Date shall 
be automatically cancelled. A Trigger Event may occur on one or more occasions, and 
the principal amount of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes may be written down on more than 
one occasion. Although the Restricted Tier 1 Notes will be written down - where 
appropriate and subject to compliance with the Applicable Regulations - on a pro rata 
basis with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into 
equity of other Loss Absorbing Instruments with similar principal loss absorbency 
mechanism, the Issuer’s current and future outstanding junior securities may not 
include similar principal loss absorbency mechanisms and any failure to write-down 
the Restricted Tier 1 Notes on a pro rata basis with other Loss Absorbing Instruments 
will not affect the effectiveness, or otherwise invalidate, the Write-Down of the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes. 
Following a Write-Down, interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes will accrue on the 
Prevailing Principal Amount as from the relevant Write-Down Effective Date and if the 
Issuer is subject to insolvency proceedings, Noteholders’ claims for principal will be 
based on the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes, as 
reduced by any write-down(s) (to the extent not previously written-up), and no amounts 
shall be payable in respect of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes until all senior ranking 
obligations have been satisfied in full. See further "The obligations of the Issuer under 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes are deeply subordinated". Consequently, investors are likely to 
lose all or some of their investment in the Restricted Tier 1 Notes. 
Any redemption of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event) or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option) will be made at the Prevailing Principal 
Amount, which may be lower than the Original Principal Amount. In this case, 
investors would permanently lose some or all of their investment in the Restricted Tier 
1 Notes without the possibility that the value of their investment might recover in the 
future.  
Although the Issuer may, at its discretion, reinstate the Prevailing Principal Amount of 
the Restricted Tier 1 Notes that has been written-down, the Issuer is under no obligation 
to operate or accelerate any Write-Up under specific circumstances and any such Write-
Up is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions. There is no assurance that 
these conditions will be met, or that the Issuer will exercise its discretion to Write-Up 
the Restricted Tier 1 Notes even if such conditions are met, or that additional limitations 
to the Issuer’s ability to Write-Up will not be imposed as a result of amendments to, or 
changes in the interpretation of, the Applicable Regulations. Although the Issuer will

--- Page 57 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 54 - 
47-41052088 
 
endeavour that each Write-Up of the Notes will take place on a pro rata basis with the 
concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-up of other Loss Absorbing Instruments, 
any failure by the Issuer to write-up the Restricted Tier 1 Notes on such basis shall not 
constitute any default by, and will not give the Noteholders any right against, or 
entitlement to compensation from, the Issuer.  
The occurrence of a Trigger Event may depend on factors outside of the Issuer's control 
A Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred, at any time, if the Issuer or the Lead 
Regulator determines that: 
(i) 
the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or group basis) is equal to or less than 75% of the 
Solvency Capital Requirement (on a solo or, as the case may be, group basis); 
(ii) 
the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Minimum Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or group basis) is equal to or less than the Minimum 
Capital Requirement (on a solo or, as the case may be, group basis); or 
(iii) 
the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or group basis) is less than the Solvency Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or, as the case may be, group basis) for a continuous 
period of three months from the date when non-compliance with the Solvency 
Capital Requirement was first observed. 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event and, therefore, the related Write-Down of the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes, is not entirely predictable and depends on a number of factors, 
some of which may be outside the Issuer’s control, including actions that the Issuer is 
required to take at the order of the Lead Regulator or as a result of regulatory changes. 
Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes may not necessarily 
follow the trading behaviour of other types of subordinated securities, including the 
Issuer’s other subordinated debt securities. Any indication that the Issuer may be at risk 
of failing to meet its Solvency Capital Requirement or Minimum Capital Requirement 
(on a solo or group basis) may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity 
of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes. All these factors could cause investors to lose all or part 
of their investment in the Restricted Tier 1 Notes. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Restricted Tier 1 Notes are deeply subordinated 
The Restricted Tier 1 Notes constitute unconditional and unsecured subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and, pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Subordination) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, rank: 
(i) 
at least equally with (aa) Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali for so 
long as they continue to constitute (or would but for any applicable limitation 
on the amount of such capital constitute) Tier 1 Capital; and (bb) all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute (or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute) Tier 1 Capital, 
including as a result of grandfathering; 
(ii) 
junior to (aa) any unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali (including any Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali

--- Page 58 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 55 - 
47-41052088 
 
and the policyholders of Assicurazioni Generali); (bb) obligations (if any) of 
Assicurazioni Generali under Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali and More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali, and any other subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer, 
including as a result of grandfathering; and (cc) any instruments listed in sub-(i) 
above that no longer constitute Tier 1 Capital and any other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer other than those that rank, or are expressed to rank, pari 
passu with or junior to, the Restricted Tier 1 Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to any obligations of the Issuer in respect of (aa) Junior Securities; and 
(bb) any other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Restricted 
Tier 1 Notes. 
For the purposes of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, Hybrid Obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali include, as at the date hereof, the following instruments: (i) 
£350,000,000 6.269% Perpetual Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (XS0257010206) issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali on 16 June 2006 (first call 16 June 2026), in a principal amount 
outstanding of £350,000,000; and (ii) €1,500,000,000 4.596% Fixed-Floating Rate 
Perpetual Notes (XS1140860534) issued by Generali Finance on 21 November 2014 
and guaranteed by Assicurazioni Generali (first call 21 November 2025), in respect of 
which Assicurazioni Generali has (by operation of law) replaced Generali Finance as 
issuer following the Generali Finance Merger, in a principal amount outstanding of 
€1,000,437,000, in each case, as of 30 May 2023. These instruments are currently 
included in Assicurazioni Generali’s Tier 1 own funds pursuant to the transitional 
measures set out in Article 308b(9) of the Solvency II Directive. Pursuant to Condition 
4.1 (Subordination) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, the Restricted Tier 1 Notes 
shall rank at least pari passu with these instruments for so long as these instruments 
constitute Tier 1 own funds, and shall rank junior to these instruments when they cease 
to constitute Tier 1 own funds at the end of the transitional period expiring on 1 January 
2026.  
In the event of the winding-up, dissolution or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the obligations under the Restricted 
Tier 1 Notes will be fully subordinated to all unsubordinated obligations and (subject 
to any mandatory provisions of law to the contrary) all other subordinated obligations 
ranking senior to the Notes pursuant to the Conditions and/or pursuant to mandatory 
provisions of law, and no amounts shall be payable in respect of the Restricted Tier 1 
Notes until other senior ranking obligations have been satisfied in full or after an 
arrangement or composition has been arrived with such creditors under which they have 
given full discharge against receipt of part of their claims. 
Interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes may, and in some circumstances must, be 
cancelled by the Issuer – Cancelled interest payments shall not be due and will not 
accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter 
Interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes will become due and payable only if it has not 
been cancelled in accordance with the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions.

--- Page 59 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 56 - 
47-41052088 
 
The Issuer has the sole and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel 
(in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be payable on an Interest 
Payment Date. In particular, the Issuer may cancel interest payments even if dividends 
are paid on its ordinary shares. At the time of publication of this Base Prospectus, it is 
the intention of the directors of the Issuer (i) to consider whether or not payment of 
dividends on its ordinary shares have been made or are expected to be made; and (ii) to 
respect the hierarchy of capital and thus the seniority of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes 
relative to shareholders’ equity when exercising its discretion with respect to interest 
payments on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes. However, the Issuer is not bound by this 
intention under the Conditions or in any other way and the directors of the Issuer may 
depart from this policy at any time in their sole discretion. For a description of the 
dividends payout by Assicurazioni Generali on its ordinary shares over the recent years, 
see the paragraph headed "Cash dividend" in the "Description of the Issuer" section 
below.  
In addition to the Issuer’s right to cancel (in whole or in part) accrued interest at any 
time, the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions oblige the Issuer to cancel interest payments if 
there is non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement, or the interest 
payment would lead to such non-compliance, and in certain other circumstances. 
Mandatory cancellation of interest payments may also occur if payment of the relevant 
interest would result in, or accelerate, the Issuer becoming insolvent; or if the Lead 
Regulator has determined that the Issuer’s financial and solvency condition is 
deteriorating in such a manner that its Solvency Margin would fall below the Solvency 
Capital Requirement in the short term, or otherwise orders or requires the Issuer to 
cancel or suspend the relevant interest payment; or if the amount of the relevant interest 
payment otherwise due and payable on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes on an Interest 
Payment Date - when aggregated with any additional amounts referred to in Condition 
12 (Taxation) payable in respect thereof as well as interest or distributions paid or made 
(or scheduled to be paid or made simultaneously) on shares and on other instruments 
on which Distributions may only be made from Distributable Items since the end of the 
last financial year to such Interest Payment Date - would exceed the amount of 
Distributable Items available on such Interest Payment Date. In addition, following the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, accrued and unpaid interest on the Restricted Tier 1 
Notes to (and including) the Write-Down Effective Date shall be automatically 
cancelled, and commencing on such effective date, interest shall accrue on the principal 
amount of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes as so written-down (subject to any subsequent 
write-up). Investors should note that because the Issuer is entitled to cancel interest 
payments at its sole and absolute discretion, the Issuer may exercise such discretion to 
cancel payment of interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes even though none of the 
conditions for a mandatory cancellation of interest is met and the Issuer would not have 
been obliged to cancel interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes. 
Any unpaid amounts of interest cancelled shall be irrevocably cancelled and shall not 
accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, and the Noteholders shall have no right 
thereto. The non-payment of any interest that has been cancelled does not constitute a 
default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Restricted Tier 1 
Conditions or for any purpose, and does not impose any obligation on the Issuer to 
substitute the cancelled interest by a payment in any other form and does not impose 
any other restrictions on the Issuer. The payment by the Issuer of interest or 
distributions on any other own fund item does not impose any obligation on the Issuer 
to pay interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes. The Issuer may use the cancelled interest

--- Page 60 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 57 - 
47-41052088 
 
payments without restriction to meet its obligations as they fall due. Accordingly, 
unless the Issuer is prevented from doing so for regulatory reasons, the Issuer may use 
funds that could have been applied to make the cancelled interest payment on the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes to meet its other payment obligations, including obligations that 
rank equally with the Restricted Tier 1 Notes or junior to the Restricted Tier 1 Notes, 
such as dividends on ordinary shares.  
The cancellation of interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (or a market perception that 
such cancellation is likely) may affect the market value of an investment in the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions, 
the market price of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes may become more volatile than the 
market prices of other interest-bearing debt securities that are not subject to interest 
cancellation, and may be more sensitive to adverse changes in the Issuer’s financial 
condition and capital position. Investors may develop expectations that the Issuer will 
service its Restricted Tier 1 Notes issued under the Programme, despite the fully 
discretionary nature of the interest payments. Should the Issuer diverge from these 
expectations by using its discretion to cancel interest payments on the Restricted Tier 1 
Notes or should it be required to mandatorily cancel interest payments on the Restricted 
Tier 1 Notes, or if there are market perceptions that the foregoing may occur, the market 
value of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes may be adversely affected and the market for them 
may become less liquid. See also the risk factor headed "The claims of the Noteholders 
under the Notes will likely be affected by legislative proposals on Insurance Resolution 
and Recovery and proposed amendments to the Solvency II Directive, upon their 
approval and implementation". 
The level of the Issuer's Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors, and 
insufficient available Distributable Items will restrict the Issuer’s ability to make 
interest payments on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes 
Interest on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes can only be paid out of the Issuer’s Distributable 
Items, and interest payments on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes must be mandatorily 
cancelled to the extent that the amount of the relevant interest payment otherwise due 
and payable on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes on an Interest Payment Date - when 
aggregated with any additional amounts payable in respect thereof as well as interest or 
distributions paid or made (or scheduled to be paid or made simultaneously) on shares 
and on other instruments on which Distributions may only be made from Distributable 
Items - would exceed the amount of Distributable Items available on such Interest 
Payment Date. See further Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Cancellation of Interest) of the 
Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. The Issuer’s Distributable Items amounted to €17,199,401 
as at 31 December 2022 and €16,098,837 as at 31 December 2021. See also the section 
"Description of the Issuer", paragraph "Distributable Items". 
The determination of available Distributable Items will be made on the basis of the 
Issuer’s audited unconsolidated financial statements (and not on the basis of the 
consolidated financial statements), and will depend on a number of factors including 
the application of accounting principles, the business, financial position and 
profitability as well as actions taken by management which may have a direct impact 
on the level of available Distributable Items of any financial year. The Issuer ordinarily 
publishes only (audited) unconsolidated annual financial statements and (unaudited) 
interim financial statements on a consolidated basis. However, the Issuer could, from 
time to time, publish (unaudited) unconsolidated interim financial statements (or

--- Page 61 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 58 - 
47-41052088 
 
interim financial information) that could have an impact on the amount of the 
Distributable Items. 
The level of available Distributable Items will also be affected by the ability of the 
Issuer’s subsidiaries to pay dividends and the Issuer’s ability to receive distributions 
and other payments from its investments in other entities, which are subject to 
applicable local laws and accounting practices and other restrictions, including their 
respective regulatory, capital and leverage requirements, statutory reserves, financial 
and operating performance and applicable tax laws. These laws and restrictions could 
limit the payment of dividends, distributions and other payments to the Issuer and thus, 
the Issuer’s ability to maintain or increase available Distributable Items. In addition, 
available Distributable Items will be reduced by the servicing of other debt instruments 
and distributions made by the Issuer on shares and other instruments on which 
Distributions are, or may only be, made from Distributable Items. 
No restriction on dividends 
The Conditions do not contain any restriction on the ability of the Issuer to pay 
dividends on, or to repurchase, its ordinary shares. These actions could decrease the 
level of available Distributable Items and thus increase likelihood of a cancellation of 
interest payments on the Restricted Tier 1 Notes. 
The Issuer's interests may not be aligned with those of the Noteholders  
The development of the regulatory capital ratios applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or 
group basis) may also depend on the Group's decisions relating to its businesses and 
operations, as well as the management of its capital position. The Issuer has no 
obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders in connection with strategic or 
other decisions of the Generali Group, including when making decisions relating to 
capital management or that affect the Solvency Capital Requirement and Minimum 
Capital Requirement applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or group basis). Noteholders 
will not have any claim against the Issuer or any member of the Group relating to 
decisions that may affect the business and operations or capital position of the Group, 
regardless of whether such decisions result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event that in 
turn could lead to a Write-Down and/or affect the level of Distributable Items (in the 
case of Restricted Tier 1 Note) or lead to a breach of the Issuer’s regulatory capital 
ratios that in turn result in a mandatory deferral or cancellation of interest payments 
and/or prevent an early redemption of its Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 Notes or Restricted Tier 
1 Notes, or have other consequences with respect to Notes issued under the Programme. 
Such decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or part of the value of their 
investment in the Notes. 
The claims of the Noteholders under the Notes will likely be affected by legislative 
proposals on Insurance Resolution and Recovery and proposed amendments to the 
Solvency II Directive, upon their approval and implementation 
Under the Solvency II Review Package published by the European Commission on 22 
September 2021, resolution authorities may write-down or convert capital instruments, 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities under the bail-in tool envisaged in the 
draft IRRD if the Issuer becomes subject to resolution, and supervisory authorities have 
the authority to restrict or suspend distributions to subordinated creditors, or restrict or 
suspend redemption of own-fund items, under macroprudential tools aimed at

--- Page 62 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 59 - 
47-41052088 
 
reinforcing the liquidity position of undertakings facing significant liquidity risks that 
may cause a threat to the protection of policyholders or to the stability of the financial 
system. It is currently unclear when, and in what manner, the proposed changes will be 
approved and implemented. Accordingly, their precise impact on insurance 
undertakings (including Assicurazioni Generali) and on Notes issued under the 
Programme is currently unknown. See further the risk factor headed "Risk factors 
relating to the Issuer – Regulatory related risks –Regulatory compliance and 
regulatory changes" above. 
Risks relating to Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
sustainable assets, including "green" or "sustainable bonds" and "social bonds" 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Senior Notes, Tier 3 Notes, Tier 2 
Notes or, as the case may be, Restricted Tier 1 Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Notes 
specifically to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets (as defined in the section 
"Use of Proceeds"), Eligible Social Assets (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds" 
and together with Eligible Green Assets, "Eligible Assets") or a mix of Eligible Green 
Assets and Eligible Social Assets (respectively, "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" and 
"Sustainability Bonds"), in each case, that satisfy the relevant criteria set out in the 
Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds").  
Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, Sustainability 
Bonds or Social Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. Any such Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds constituting 
Tier 3 Capital, Tier 2 Capital or Restricted Tier 1 Capital will be fully subject to the 
application of the Tier 3 Capital Requirements, Tier 2 Capital Requirements or, as the 
case may be, Tier 1 Capital Requirements, and proceeds from such bonds shall cover 
all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "sustainable" or 
"social" label. 
No assurance is given that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to 
comply, or any present or future applicable law or regulations, or an investor’s own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates binding on the investor, 
in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact 
of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Eligible Asset in question. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds 
under the Programme, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion ("Opinion") confirming 
that the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework aligns with the International Capital 
Market Association ("ICMA") Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines. The ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social 
Bond Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines are a set of voluntary 
guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the 
development of the green/social/sustainability bond market.

--- Page 63 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 60 - 
47-41052088 
 
If an Opinion is issued, such an Opinion is not incorporated into and does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus. Further, the Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed here and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Green Bonds, the Social Bonds or the 
Sustainability Bonds, as the case may be. Investors should note that no assurance or 
representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
the Opinion. 
Moreover, the Opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications 
are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
However, pursuant to a proposal for a Regulation to create a "European Green Bond 
Standard" published by the European Commission on 6 July 2021, providers of such 
opinions would be required to be registered and supervised by ESMA. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, any member of the Generali Group, the Dealers, any Opinion providers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, 
Sustainability Bonds. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the 
Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such 
opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion 
or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
any Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets and/or, as the 
case may be, Eligible Social Assets, there can be no assurance that any (re)financing in 
the relevant Eligible Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
the intended manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly, an amount equal to such net proceeds will be totally disbursed for the 
specified Eligible Green Assets and/or, as the case may be, Eligible Social Assets. Nor 
can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets and/or, as the case may be, 
Eligible Social Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment or social or 
sustainability projects) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event of default under Notes issued 
as the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such event or failure to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the relevant Notes for any Eligible Green 
Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets as aforesaid, any withdrawal of any such opinion 
or certification relating to the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework or any report that 
the Generali Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, 
Sustainability Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Even if an Opinion is obtained confirming that the Issuer's Sustainability Bond 
Framework aligns with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond 
Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, as there is currently no 
clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as 
to what constitutes a "green", "social" or, as the case may be, "sustainable" or

--- Page 64 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 61 - 
47-41052088 
 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green", "social" or, as the case may be, "sustainable", no 
assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member of the Generali 
Group, the Dealers, any Opinion providers that the relevant Eligible Assets (re)financed 
by any series of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds 
will (inter alia) meet any or all investor expectations regarding sustainability 
performance; or continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria, including any future 
requirements or criteria laid down in applicable sustainable finance legislation; or meet 
the Generali Group's green, social or sustainable targets and transition plan. Although 
the Issuer intends to select Eligible Assets in accordance with the criteria set out in its 
Sustainability Framework, there can be no guarantee that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the design, construction, 
commissioning, implementation and/or operation of the relevant projects. Should any 
adverse impacts fail to be mitigated in a satisfactory manner, the Eligible Assets 
(re)financed by the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may 
attract criticisms from activists and stakeholders and potentially damage Generali’s 
reputation. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of "green", "sustainable" and 
"sustainability-linked" has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") and the final social taxonomy 
report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy which was 
published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 
2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, 
introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to define which activities 
contribute substantially to two of the environmental objectives under the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change 
mitigation (the "Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). The Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. In addition, on 10 March 2022 the 
European Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated 
Act covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which entered into force on 1 January 
2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the Regulatory 
Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the "Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation") which started to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further 
delegated act that is adopted by the EU Commission in implementation of the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities 
and other amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to 
the relating screening criteria. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Eligible 
Assets financed and/or refinanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will fully align at all times with the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and 
the technical screening criteria established by the implementing delegated acts, as and 
when introduced and applicable from time to time. Each prospective investor should 
have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework and 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser 
regarding its purchase of the relevant Notes before deciding to invest. The Issuer's 
Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be

--- Page 65 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 62 - 
47-41052088 
 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and 
any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, if Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed, displayed 
on or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), including without limitation, the LGX, no representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Assets or the funding thereof by the Issuer. Additionally, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Furthermore, no representation or assurance 
is given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds. The criteria for acceptance onto any such market may change from time to time. 
In the event of any actual or anticipated removal of the Notes from any such market, or 
if access to any such market is sought and refused, that could have a material adverse 
effect on the market price of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
Any of the aforementioned events could potentially affect the value of the relevant 
Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Events of Default 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds on a targeted basis for the 
purposes of financing and/or refinancing Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social 
Assets, there can be no assurance that the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
amounts will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Assets. Nor can there be 
any assurance that such Eligible Assets will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to finance and/or 
refinance any Eligible Assets, and/or any withdrawal of any opinion or certification 
relating to the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework or any report that the Issuer is 
or is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed on any

--- Page 66 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 63 - 
47-41052088 
 
stock exchange or securities market, will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder 
against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer); (ii) constitute an Event of Default 
under any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or a breach or violation 
of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose; (iii) lead 
to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes; 
(iv) trigger any deferral or cancellation of interest, or any step-up or increased payments 
of interest or any other amounts, in respect of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds; (v) affect the regulatory qualification of any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds as Tier 3 Capital, Tier 2 
Capital or Tier 1 Capital; or (vi) otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to 
apply the principal amount outstanding of the Notes in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the prudential and solvency rules applicable to the Group. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are not linked to the performance 
of the Eligible Assets and do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the 
performance of the Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not 
linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Assets or the performance of the 
Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation 
of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds and the Eligible Assets. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or 
interest on the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any rights of 
Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Assets or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets. 
Holders of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall have no 
preferential rights or priority against the assets of any Eligible Assets nor benefit from 
any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes. Any Green Bonds, 
Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds constituting Tier 3 Capital, Tier 2 Capital or 
Restricted Tier 1 Capital will be fully subject to the application of the Tier 3 Capital 
Requirements, Tier 2 Capital Requirements or, as the case may be, Tier 1 Capital 
Requirements, and proceeds from such bonds shall cover all losses in the balance sheet 
of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "sustainable" or "social" label. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Condition 15.4 (Substitution) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 17.5 (Substitution) 
of the Tier 3 Conditions, Tier 2 Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, also 
each provide – with reference to Notes governed by English law whose Final Terms 
specify that the Substitution Provisions are applicable - that any duly incorporated 
Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, but with the prior written approval of 
Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes, 
subject to the terms and conditions set out therein.

--- Page 67 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 64 - 
47-41052088 
 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes 
With reference to those Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed 
by Italian law, the relevant Conditions provide they shall be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Italian law. The Global Notes representing such Notes provide that 
all contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Global Notes representing such Notes are governed by Italian law, save for the form 
and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed by English law. Furthermore, 
the Temporary Global Notes and the Permanent Global Notes representing such Notes 
will be signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and hence the Notes would be 
deemed to be issued in England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 
31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) provides that "other 
debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the 
security was issued". 
In light of the foregoing, with reference to those Notes that are stated in the relevant 
Final Terms to be governed by Italian law, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any 
potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the Conditions and the Global 
Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective 
investors in the Notes, and of any disputes which may arise in relation to (inter alia) 
the transfer of ownership in the Notes. 
Potential conflict of interest of a Dealer acting as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes 
under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of 
an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, 
in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst 
such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures 
in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time 
to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the 
Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
2. 
Risks related to the market 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 65 - 
47-41052088 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation 
in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities 
may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples; definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. If definitive Notes are issued, holders 
should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral 
multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 69 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 66 - 
47-41052088 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2022 of Assicurazioni Generali, in each case together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' reports as included on those pages 
specified under the paragraph headed "Assicurazioni Generali - Consolidated annual 
financial statements" in the section entitled "Cross-Reference List" below, each 
available 
at 
https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:70c2db5d-76a9-43e9-9873-
5ccab8efceba/Annual%20Integrated%20Report%20and%20Consolidated%20Financi
al%20Statements%202021_Generali%20Group_final_.pdf/lang:en/Annual_Integrated
_Report_and_Consolidated_Financial_Statements_2021_Generali_Group_final_.pdf 
and 
https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:0fccff42-5078-4ead-a14c-
1b0cf8f49368/Annual%20Integrated%20Report%20and%20Consolidated%20Financi
al%20Statements%202022_Generali%20Group_final_interactive.pdf/lang:en/Annual
_Integrated_Report_and_Consolidated_Financial_Statements_2022_Generali_Group_
final_interactive.pdf, respectively (the "2021 Annual Report" and the "2022 Annual 
Report", respectively);  
(2) 
the audited non-consolidated (statutory) annual financial statements as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 for Assicurazioni Generali, in each case 
together with the accompanying notes and independent auditors' reports as included on 
those pages specified under the paragraph headed "Assicurazioni Generali – Non-
consolidated annual financial statements" in the section entitled "Cross-Reference List" 
below, each available at https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:e520b2e5-1f61-4523-b032-
771c1f812da1/Management%20Report%20and%20Parent%20Company%20Financia
l%20Statements%202021.pdf/lang:en/Management_Report_and_Parent_Company_Fi
nancial_Statements_2021.pdf and https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:c6234921-178b-
4406-aa1b-
5af298e8e43c/Management%20Report%20and%20Parent%20Company%20Financial
%20Statements%202022%20(interactive%20version).pdf/lang:en/Management_Repo
rt_and_Parent_Company_Financial_Statements_2022_(interactive_version).pdf, 
respectively;  
(3) 
the press release dated 25 May 2023 announcing approval by the Board of Directors of 
Generali of the consolidated results and financial information of the Group as at and for 
the three months ended 31 March 2023 (the "2023 1Q Result Press Release"), 
available 
at 
https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:ac70e58a-cf18-4e2e-b92f-
b09aed39bd8c/05.25%20PR%20Generali%20Financial%20Information%2031%20M
arch%202023.pdf/lang:en/05.25_PR_Generali_Financial_Information_31_March_20
23.pdf; 
(4) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes included in the Base Prospectus dated 25 
May 
2022 
(the 
"2022 
Base 
Prospectus"), 
available 
at 
https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:adf44c1f-f825-4a25-94ff-
1b42ca2b5940/lang:en/Base-Prospectus-_2022-05-25.pdf, 
with an English translation thereof and, in the case of the documents listed under paragraphs 
(1) and (2) above, together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, also, save 
that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated

--- Page 70 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 67 - 
47-41052088 
 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in 
any document subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus 
has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all the documents deemed 
to be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents have been modified or 
superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version of such 
document will be provided. Request for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its 
offices set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, 
without charge, at the principal office of the Paying Agents in Luxembourg, on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (https://www.luxse.com/) and on the website of the 
Issuer (https://www.generali.com/investors/debt-ratings/listed-debt-securities-disclaimer).  
The consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali incorporated by reference 
herein have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as 
adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") as referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, the 
consolidated balance sheet and income statement as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 presented in this Base Prospectus is the comparative consolidated balance sheet and 
income statement included in the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2022. 
See "General Information – Independent Auditors" for a description of the Auditors of 
Assicurazioni Generali.

--- Page 71 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 68 - 
47-41052088 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST  
The following table shows where the information required under Annex 7, paragraphs 11.1 
(Historical Financial Information), 11.3 (Legal and arbitration proceedings), 11.4 (Significant 
change in the issuer's financial position) and 7.1 (Trend information) of the Prospectus 
Commission Delegated Regulation can be found in the above-mentioned documents 
incorporated by reference. The information incorporated by reference that is not included in 
the cross-reference list is considered as additional information and is not required by the 
relevant schedules of the Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation. The page references 
indicated below correspond to the page references of the PDF document format. 
Assicurazioni Generali – Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2021 
 
2022 
Management Report 
Group's Highlights 
-- 
Pages 10 – 11 
Challenges and Opportunities of the Market Context 
-- 
Pages 24 – 39 
Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth (*) 
- 
Responsible investor 
-- 
Pages 51 - 65 
- 
Responsible insurer 
-- 
Pages 66 - 72 
- 
Responsible employer 
-- 
Pages 72 - 79 
- 
Responsible citizen 
-- 
Pages 80 – 81 
Our rules for running business with integrity 
-- 
Pages 82 – 86 
Our governance and remuneration policy 
-- 
Pages 88 – 98 
Our Financial Performance 
-- 
- 
Group Highlight 
-- 
Page 102  
- 
Group's performance 
-- 
Pages 103 – 107 
- 
Group's financial position 
-- 
Pages 108 – 114 
- 
Our main markets: positioning and performance 
-- 
Pages 115 – 125 
- 
Life segment 
-- 
Page 126 – 133 
- 
P&C segment 
-- 
Pages 134 – 140 
- 
Asset & Wealth Management segment 
-- 
Pages 141 – 142 
- 
Holding and other business segment 
-- 
Pages 143 
- 
Share performance 
-- 
Pages 144 – 145 
Risk Report – Section A (Executive Summary) 
-- 
Pages 148 – 149 
Risk Report – Section B (Group Risk Management System) 
-- 
Pages 149 – 151 
Risk Report – Section C (Solvency Position) 
-- 
Page 152 – 157 
Risk Report – Section D (Risk Profile) 
-- 
Pages 157 – 165 
Outlook (*) 
-- 
Pages 167 – 169 
Methodological note on alternative performance measures 
-- 
Pages 188 – 191 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
Balance sheet 
Pages 196 – 197 
Pages 200 – 201 
Income statement 
Page 198 
Page 202 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 199 
Page 203 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 200 – 201 
Pages 204 – 205 
Statement of cash flows 
Page 202 
Page 206 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 203 – 355 
Pages 207 – 373 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 381-391 
Pages 399 – 408 
Glossary 
Pages 392-398 
Pages 410 - 417 
(*) For clarity, page 41 is not incorporated by reference. 
(**) excluding the last three paragraphs commencing “With these clear priorities identified …” on page 169

--- Page 72 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 69 - 
47-41052088 
 
Assicurazioni Generali – Non-consolidated annual financial statements 
2021 
 
2022 
Management Report 
Part A: Results of operations – Significant operations  
-- 
Pages 104-108 
Part A: Results of operations – Litigation 
Page 109 
Page 133 
Balance sheet 
Pages 143 – 156 
Pages 169 – 181 
Profit and loss account 
Pages 157 – 165 
Pages 183 – 191 
Cash flow statement 
Pages 235 - 240 
Pages 265 – 269 
Notes to the Parent company financial statements;  
Pages 167 – 234 
Pages 193 – 264 
Appendices to the notes 
Pages 241 - 316 
Pages 271 – 346 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 343 - 352 
Pages 373 – 382 
 
2023 1Q Results Press Release 
Press release dated 25 May 2023 entitled "Financial Information at 31 March 2023": 
Generali delivers strong profitable growth and confirms its extremely solid position 
Page 1 
Executive summary 
Pages 2 – 3 
Life Segment 
Page 4 
P&C Segment 
Page 5 
Asset & Wealth Management Segment 
Pages 6 – 7 
Holding and other Businesses Segment 
Page 7 
Outlook * 
Page 8 
 
* excluding the last paragraph commencing “With these clear priorities identified and thanks to the results achieved … ” on 
page 8. 
2022 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes 
Pages 110 – 174 
The non-incorporated parts of documents listed above are either not relevant for investors or 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. The information incorporated by 
reference that is not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus and shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 73 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 70 - 
47-41052088 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and of 
the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which 
is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will 
be contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information 
will be contained in the relevant Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a 
significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in which 
case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the 
relevant series of Notes, will be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of relevant Final Terms, those relevant Final Terms 
will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of relevant Final Terms are the Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to 
the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed 
as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration 
document (the "Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer, a securities note (the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating 
to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In addition, if the Drawdown 
Prospectus is constituted by a Registration Document and a Securities Note, any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the 
Registration Document which arises or is noted between the date of the Registration Document 
and the date of the Securities Note which is capable of affecting the assessment of the relevant 
Notes will be included in the Securities Note.

--- Page 74 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 71 - 
47-41052088 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note 
(each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that 
certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements 
for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 
June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether Notes may be issued in circumstances so 
that United States Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("TEFRA D") will be applicable 
or whether TEFRA will not be applicable in relation to the Notes. 
When Notes issued under the Programme are represented by one or more Global Notes, such 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the 
Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of 
a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the 
extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate 
proxies. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt

--- Page 75 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 72 - 
47-41052088 
 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) 
of the Senior Conditions or Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Tier 3 Condition, 
the Tier 2 Conditions or the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, as the case may be, occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that TEFRA is not applicable, then the 
Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note" and also specifies that TEFRA D will be applicable, 
the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, 
in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global

--- Page 76 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 73 - 
47-41052088 
 
Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) 
of the Senior Conditions or Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Tier 3 Conditions, 
the Tier 2 Conditions or the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, as the case may be, occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes" 
or "Terms and Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes", as the case may be, below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 77 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 74 - 
47-41052088 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), the Notes in 
definitive form and any Coupons, Receipts and Talons appertaining thereto where TEFRA D 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 78 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 75 - 
47-41052088 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Senior Notes, will be applicable to 
each Tranche of Senior Notes. These Terms and Conditions, as so completed, shall be endorsed 
on each Senior Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Senior Note in global form will differ from those 
terms and conditions which would apply to the Senior Note were it in definitive form to the 
extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" 
below. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. ("Assicurazioni Generali") (the 
"Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms 
and conditions of the Senior Notes (the "Conditions") are issued in series (each 
a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a 
"Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer may also issue subordinated notes under the 
Programme.  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by English law are the subject of an issue and paying agency 
agreement that is governed by English law; and the Notes that are stated in the 
relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law are the subject of an issue 
and paying agency agreement that is governed by Italian law, in each case, dated 
30 May 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agent 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant 
Final Terms are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the 
Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, 
talons for further Coupons ("Talons") and holders of instalment receipts 
("Receipts") appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are bound

--- Page 79 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 76 - 
47-41052088 
 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. The expression "Notes" shall, where the context 
so permits, include Receipts. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first

--- Page 80 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 77 - 
47-41052088 
 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means, (i) other than in respect of the calculation of any Make 
Whole Amount pursuant to Condition 8.7 (Make Whole Amount), the Fiscal Agent or 
(ii) the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 81 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 78 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 82 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 79 - 
47-41052088 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 83 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 80 - 
47-41052088 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, 
subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the 
amount per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of 
such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(ii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(iv) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing; 
"Initial Interest Payment Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 8.8 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption by Instalments);

--- Page 84 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 81 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Instalment Notes" means any Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being Instalment Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Legislative Decree No. 239" has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Taxation); 
"Make Whole Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 8.7 (Make Whole Amount); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and if the relevant Final 
Term specifies that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is 
applicable, shall mean (a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Pre-Call); and (b) from each Interest Period 
falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Post-Call), in each case, 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin (Pre-Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin (Post-Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 85 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 82 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, the amount 
per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, the amount per 
Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer (or, in the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such 
assets and undertaking) are vested in a body corporate in good standing and such body 
corporate (i) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) liability as principal debtor in 
respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the business of the Issuer 
as reported in the Issuer's most recently published audited financial statements 
immediately prior to such amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation or restructuring;

--- Page 86 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 83 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms, and if the relevant Final Term specifies that: (A) Change of 
interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean (a) for 
each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Initial 
Rate of Interest; and (b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), the Rate of Interest (Post-Call); or (B) Reset Notes provisions are 
applicable, shall mean (a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the First Reset Date, 
the Initial Rate of Interest; and (b) for each Interest Period after the First Reset Date, 
the relevant Reset Rate; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody's Investors Service Ltd and/or Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and/or AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (or their respective 
affiliates) and/or any other rating agency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, and any 
of their respective successors; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up), the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in Condition 6 (Interest); 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 87 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 84 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in Condition 6.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service and 
Moneyline Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes 
any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such 
payment, to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of 
the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed; to change the currency of any 
payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend the definition of 
"Reserved Matter";

--- Page 88 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 85 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Senior Note" means a Note issued under these Terms and Conditions and specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means any day on which 
T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of 
Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 10 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 89 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 86 - 
47-41052088 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder. With reference to any Note that is governed by English law, no Person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any such Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer present and future (save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application). 
Condition 5 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that 
Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) applies. 
5. 
INITIAL AND POST-CALL INTEREST PROVISIONS 
5.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Issue Date to 
but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, 
subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Initial Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms. 
5.2 
Post-Call Interest Provisions: If the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 8.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
on (or before) the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Notes will bear interest for 
each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call) at such Rate of 
Interest (Post-Call) as will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable, subject as 
provided in these Conditions, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call).

--- Page 90 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 87 - 
47-41052088 
 
6. 
INTEREST 
Condition 6.1 below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
6.1.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in these Conditions. 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
6.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. Payment of any Broken Amount will be made 
on the Interest Payment Date so specified in the Final Terms. 
6.1.3 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
Condition 6.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the relevant Final Term specifies that 
Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being applicable. 
6.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
6.2.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is 
more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), 
at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 88 - 
47-41052088 
 
6.2.2 
Interest Basis Reset Provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the 
Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset 
Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (as will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with 
this Condition 6.2) payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
6.2.3 
Accrual of interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means the benchmark rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity 
as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, 
(A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer

--- Page 92 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 89 - 
47-41052088 
 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by 
the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors; or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
each Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent 
by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as 
specified in the Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such 
Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying during such Reset Period 
will be determined. 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Period or, 
if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and including) one 
Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any). 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to three 
decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded down). 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(A) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate 
displayed on the Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
or 
(B) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count 
basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal 
to the relevant Reference Bond Price.

--- Page 93 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 90 - 
47-41052088 
 
6.2.4 
Reset Rate Screen Page: if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, or the 
Mid Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to 
Condition 6.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide it and the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference 
Rate at approximately the Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.2.4:  
(a) 
if Option A is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
if Option B is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Reset Reference Rate that most recently appeared on the Reset Rate 
Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin 
(if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2.4, "Reference Banks" means four (or, if 
the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the Reset Reference Rate and "Independent 
Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for the purpose of this Condition 
6.2.4. 
6.2.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Interest Amount payable on each Reset Note for each relevant period (in the 
case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to 
such Reset Interest Period) by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to the Calculation Amount and 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards), and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be aggregate 
of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding.

--- Page 94 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 91 - 
47-41052088 
 
Condition 6.3 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
6.3.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
6.3.2 
Rate of Interest 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR 
Linked Interest Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes, €STR Notes or Index 
Determination (SONIA/SOFR Compounded Index) Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of each the Reference Banks to provide it

--- Page 95 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 92 - 
47-41052088 
 
and the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest of such Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
6.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), be Compounded Daily SONIA plus

--- Page 96 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 93 - 
47-41052088 
 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).

--- Page 97 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 94 - 
47-41052088 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date or, as the 
case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which 
the floating Rate of Interest applies) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date on which such Interest Period ends (or the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or 
the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
"i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding.

--- Page 98 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 95 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 6.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) 
if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (A). 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period). 
(v) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such

--- Page 99 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 96 - 
47-41052088 
 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(C) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes  
(i) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(C): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this 
Condition 6.3.2(a)(C). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday 
or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the 
number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) 
prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) below will 
apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 100 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 97 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period 
ends (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days

--- Page 101 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 98 - 
47-41052088 
 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
(iii) 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 102 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 99 - 
47-41052088 
 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the or Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 103 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 100 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark

--- Page 104 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 101 - 
47-41052088 
 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) announcing that the Benchmark (or such 
component) (i) is no longer representative; (ii) has been or will 
be prohibited from being used; or (iii) its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the relevant Notes; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;

--- Page 105 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 102 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this sub-paragraph (iii) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised signatory 
of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, 
(y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where 
applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(C); and  
(B) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(C), the Rate of Interest 
shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the

--- Page 106 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 103 - 
47-41052088 
 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the 
first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate 
of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
(floating rate) Interest Period). 
(D) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the "CMS Reference 
Rate", "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate", "Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate" or "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate", the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions set out below:  
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(B) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
(c) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
where 
"Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or 
(B) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
(d) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 107 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 104 - 
47-41052088 
 
L x Min [Max (CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M = Margin 
As used above: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions 
in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Margin", 
"Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide it and the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
(iii) 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(D): 
"Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, 
the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, 
(ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal 
New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
as selected by the Issuer. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means:

--- Page 108 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 105 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the 
bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-
market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(iv) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may 
be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or the Cap or 
the Floor or the Leverage of such Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the 
first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate 
of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any Cap, Floor 
and Leverage applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(E) 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Notes 
(i) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.  
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(E):

--- Page 109 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 106 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, 
at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or 
the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for:

--- Page 110 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 107 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to (but excluding) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest 
Period ends or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 6.3.2(a)(E),

--- Page 111 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 108 - 
47-41052088 
 
in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement 
Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published 
by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(E), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period). 
(F) 
Floating Rate Notes which are Index Determination (SONIA 
Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index) Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 6.3.2(a)(F) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 112 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 109 - 
47-41052088 
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin 
(if any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or 
the SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 
London Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 
and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary 
(with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA 
rate as published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as 
published at 15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published 
for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End

--- Page 113 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 110 - 
47-41052088 
 
date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for 
that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.3.2(a) (B) or Condition 
6.3.2(a)(C), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, 
and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 
6.3.2(a)(B) or Condition 6.3.2(a)(C) (as applicable) shall be deemed to 
be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and 
where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen 
Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) 
(in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 6.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation) shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR 
Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 6.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.3.3 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length

--- Page 114 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 111 - 
47-41052088 
 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
6.3.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
6.3.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note for such Interest Period. The amount of interest payable in respect 
of any Note for any period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6.3.6 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3, unless defined above, 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market; and in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than 
EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major 
banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate 
("SIBOR"); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"); (iv) the Hong 
Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); (v) the bank rate of the Bank of 
England (the "Bank of England Base Rate"), in each case, for the relevant 
currency and for the relevant period (if applicable), as specified for each in the 
Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in 
the Final Terms or if none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Brussels; (ii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Singapore; 
(iii) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo; (iv) in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, Hong Kong; or (v) in the case of a determination of 
the Bank of England Base Rate, London.

--- Page 115 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 112 - 
47-41052088 
 
6.4 
Miscellaneous 
6.4.1 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any 
other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
6.4.2 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and 
any other amount(s) required to be determined by and the relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
6.4.3 
Recalculations: The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any such 
recalculation will be promptly notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
6.4.4 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
6.5 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 6.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 6.3 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any required Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, (A) in 
the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded 
Index", the provisions of Condition 6.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply; and (B) in all other cases, the following provisions of this Condition 6.5 
shall apply.

--- Page 116 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 113 - 
47-41052088 
 
6.5.1 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6.5.3 (Adjustment Spread) below) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.5.4 (Benchmark 
Amendments) below). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall act in 
good faith and (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 6.5.  
6.5.2 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
6.5), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, 
as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 6.5.5 (Notices, 
etc.) below; or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.5), with effect as 
from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the 
notice delivered pursuant to Condition 6.5.5 (Notices, etc.) below.  
6.5.3 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology 
for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for the determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
6.5.4 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.5 
and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that

--- Page 117 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 114 - 
47-41052088 
 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with applicable regulations or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related documents published by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.5.5, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (subject to 
prior agreement with the Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, if required under 
the Agency Agreement) with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.5.4 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
6.5.5 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.5 will 
be notified at least 10 Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and/or Paying 
Agents (as appropriate)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the date (or the Interest Period) from 
which the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate shall take 
effect, whether any Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate, and the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate 
signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 6.5; and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by 
the Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate

--- Page 118 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 115 - 
47-41052088 
 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent's or the 
Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.5, if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 6.5, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
6.5.6 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.5.1 
(Independent Adviser) to 6.5.5 (Notices, etc.), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) 
or Condition 6.3.2(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate 
Determination) as applicable will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 6.5.5 
(Notices, etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 
(i) 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) on or before the date 
falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date (or 
Reset Determination Date) relating to the next Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not determined or adopted 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 6.5 prior to such date, 
then the Rate of Interest (or the Reset Rate of Interest) for the next Interest 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 
6.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 6.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
6.5.7 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.5, unless defined above:

--- Page 119 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 116 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or (b) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with Condition 6.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.5.4 
(Benchmark Amendments). 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or has ceased to 
exist as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 120 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 117 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such 
supervisor, the Original Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market and such representativeness will not be 
restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided that notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and 
(v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six 
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not 
be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying 
Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 6.5.1 (Independent Adviser). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to

--- Page 121 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 118 - 
47-41052088 
 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board, the 
European Systemic Risk Board, or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
7. 
ZERO COUPON NOTES 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date together with interest accrued 
(if any) to (but excluding) the date of redemption, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned 
below) in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or 
other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any

--- Page 122 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 119 - 
47-41052088 
 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the application of official 
or generally published interpretation (or application or interpretation 
made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including 
the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by 
any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to 
such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously 
generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax 
treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the 
Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
if early redemption for tax non-deductibility is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, (1) deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes is materially reduced for Italian income tax purposes as a 
result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws or 
regulations or applicable accounting standards of the Republic of Italy 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the application of official or generally published 
interpretation (or application or interpretation made for the first time) of 
such laws, regulations or applicable accounting standards, including the 
publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any 
competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to 
such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously 
generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax 
treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date of issuance of the last Tranche of 
the Notes; and (2) such non-deductibility cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or, 
in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax 
purposes. 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
8.2, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts or, in the case of (B), is or will be unable to 
deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each case, as a result 
of such change, amendment or clarification. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 8.2.

--- Page 123 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 120 - 
47-41052088 
 
(c) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" shall be: (i) if the Issuer's Call Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Tax Event 
occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Tax Event occurs before the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 8.3 below is applicable if the Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) such 
date. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.3, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in 
such notice, in accordance with this Condition 8.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as 
the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8.3(a) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount 
or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Condition 8.4 is applicable if the Noteholders Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) 
accrued to (but excluding) such date. 
(b) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8.4, the holder of a 
Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly

--- Page 124 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 121 - 
47-41052088 
 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 8.4, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have 
been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold 
such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 
8.4, the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to 
be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
Condition 8.5 is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
8.5 
Clean-up Call Option 
In the event that at least 80% (or such other percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (the "Clean-up Percentage") of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any additional Notes issued 
subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of 
Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the, the Issuer may, at its option but subject 
to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up) together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set for 
redemption provided that the Issuer may not redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 8.5 (Clean-up Call Option) if any Notes of the same Series have been 
redeemed at the Make Whole Amount in accordance with Condition 8.6 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option). 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up)" means the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
8.6 
Make-Whole Redemption Option 
If "Make-Whole Redemption Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) at any time or from time to time prior to the Maturity Date 
commencing from the Make-Whole Redemption Commencement Date specified in the 
Final Terms (each such date on which the Notes are to be so redeemed, a "Make-Whole 
Redemption Date") or during such other period as specified in the Final Terms (the 
"Make-Whole Period"), subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set 
for redemption.

--- Page 125 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 122 - 
47-41052088 
 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date so delayed. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the Make-Whole Amount or, if different, 
such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.7 
Make Whole Amount 
(a) 
In relation to any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 8.6 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount), the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or, as applicable, the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount - if specified in the Final Terms to be the "Make 
Whole Amount" - shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the higher of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes to be redeemed; and (y) the sum of the present values of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term 
Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the 
date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of 
twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of 
days elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.6: 
"FA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with 
the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption 
Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date 
is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the Notes. 
"Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the Final Terms or the FA Selected 
Bond. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) 
the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations 
for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Calculation Agent

--- Page 126 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 123 - 
47-41052088 
 
obtains fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the rate 
per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of 
the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Redemption Date. 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
each Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Redemption Date, the 
arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage 
of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on 
the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate 
amount of scheduled payment(s) of interest (assuming each such scheduled 
interest payment to be due in full) on such Note for the remaining term to (i) the 
Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final 
Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
Redemption Date. 
Condition 8.8 is applicable to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Instalment Notes. 
8.8 
Redemption by Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in such number of instalments, in such amounts 
("Instalment Amounts") and on such dates ("Instalment Amount Payment Date") 
as will be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and 
upon each partial redemption as provided by this Condition 8.8 the outstanding 
principal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount 
for all purposes. 
8.9 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Condition 8.1 (Scheduled redemption), Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8.4 (Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders), Condition 8.5 (Clean-up Call Option), Condition 8.6 
(Make-Whole Redemption Option) or Condition 8.8 (Redemption by Instalments) above.

--- Page 127 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 124 - 
47-41052088 
 
8.10 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date, or upon its becoming due and repayable pursuant 
to Condition 11 (Events of Default), shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
(b) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be 
made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8.10 or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
8.11 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons are purchased therewith. 
8.12 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, 
if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. Any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and not so surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full and save in the case of payment of an 
Instalment Amount (other than the final Instalment Amount)) surrender of 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained 
by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of sterling, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 9(i) (Payments other 
than in respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
in the manner described in Condition 9(a) (Principal) above.

--- Page 128 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 125 - 
47-41052088 
 
(c) 
Instalment Amounts: Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final 
Instalment Amount) in respect of an Instalment Note shall be made only against 
presentation of the Note together with the relevant Receipt in respect of such 
Instalment Amount and surrender of such Receipt. The Receipts are not and 
shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title and if 
separated from the Note to which they appertain will not represent any 
obligation of the Issuer. The presentation of a Note without the relative Receipt 
or the presentation of a Receipt without the Note to which it appertains shall not 
entitle the holder to any payment in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
(d) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at 
the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has 
appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(e) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation); 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to 
the amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate 
amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the 
amount of principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse 
order of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the 
remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require

--- Page 129 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 126 - 
47-41052088 
 
a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons 
(or, if less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount 
of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
Condition 9(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this 
Condition 9(g) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), Condition 8.5 (Clean-up Call Option), Condition 8.6 
(Make-Whole Redemption Option) or Condition 11 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of 
presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the 
amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other 
than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of 
the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 9(d) (Payments 
in New York City) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse 
thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is 
(or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the 
Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due

--- Page 130 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 127 - 
47-41052088 
 
date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
10. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note 
or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Italy other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-
Italian resident entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident for tax purposes in one of the countries or territories not 
allowing the Italian tax authorities to obtain appropriate information in 
respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of 
Italy (the states allowing for an adequate exchange of information with 
the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, as amended and supplemented); or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian 
individual or an Italian legal entity not carrying out commercial 
activities (in particular (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not 
carrying out commercial activities and professional associations, (B) 
public and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying 
out commercial activities, (C) real estate investment funds referred to in 
Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and (D) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities 
which have been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation which have been 
or may subsequently be enacted ("Legislative Decree No. 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth 
in Legislative Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with 
except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
or

--- Page 131 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 128 - 
47-41052088 
 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if 
it had presented such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 
30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time; or 
(viii) any combination of items (i) through (vii). 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to 
the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the 
Notes within five days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any 
amount of interest in respect of the Notes within fifteen days of the due date for 
payment thereof; 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and 
such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; 
(c) 
Cross default of Issuer: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid when due or (as the case may 
be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer becomes (or becomes capable of being 
declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default; 
or 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or 
sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee 
referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds 
Euro 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(d) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or 
other similar officer is appointed, of the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer;

--- Page 132 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 129 - 
47-41052088 
 
(e) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is 
appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer 
takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business 
other than in connection with a solvent reorganisation, reconstruction, 
amalgamation or merger; 
(f) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, except for the purpose of 
and followed by (A) a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger or consolidation on terms approved by a resolution of the Noteholders, 
or (B) a Permitted Reorganisation; or; 
(g) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs 
(d) to (f) above; 
(h) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required 
to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter 
into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under and 
in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible 
in evidence in the courts of any relevant jurisdiction is not taken, fulfilled or 
done; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes,  
then, subject as stated below, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder 
thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, at its principal amount (or, in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes, at the amount indicated at Condition 8.10 (Early redemption of 
Zero Coupon Notes)) together with accrued interest without further action or formality. 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the

--- Page 133 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 130 - 
47-41052088 
 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of 
which require the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental 
Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; 
SUBSTITUTION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may 
be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how 
their vote was cast at such meeting.

--- Page 134 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 131 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali, the following provisions shall apply but are subject to compliance 
with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and applicable 
to Assicurazioni Generali from time to time: 
(A) 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative and shall be convened by either of them upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held as a single call meeting 
(assemblea in unica convocazione) ("Single Call Meeting") or as a 
multiple call meeting (i.e. each of the first, second and further call of the 
Meeting respectively and collectively, a ("Multiple Call Meeting")) if 
(i) in the case of a Single Call Meeting there are one or more persons 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of 
the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; or (ii) 
in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting, there are one or more persons 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding (a) at the initial 
meeting, more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, or (b) at a second meeting, more than one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (c) at a third 
meeting or any subsequent meeting, more than one fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes provided, however, that the 
quorum shall always be more than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes for the purposes of considering a 
Reserved Matter and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may 
from time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) 
require a higher (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a 
regulated market, different) quorum at any such meeting which shall be 
indicated in the Notice convening the relevant Meeting; 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any 
meeting convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for 
want of quorum) will be one or more persons holding or representing at 
least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented at the meeting, provided, however, that a Reserved Matter 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or representing 
at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time 
to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a 
larger (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated 
market, different) majority which shall be indicated in the Notice 
convening the relevant Meeting. 
15.2 
Noteholders' Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders' 
Representative (rappresentante comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the 
interests of Noteholders in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, such

--- Page 135 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 132 - 
47-41052088 
 
appointment to be made by an Extraordinary Resolution or by an order of a competent 
court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. Each such Noteholders' 
Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian 
Civil Code. 
15.3 
Modification 
The Notes, these Conditions and (in case the Notes are governed by English law) the 
Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion 
of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 6.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The following Condition 15.4 shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that the 
Substitution Provisions are applicable to the Notes. 
15.4 
Substitution 
(a) 
Any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing 
under the laws of its jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
but with the prior written approval of Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (the "Substituted Debtor"), 
provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the 
Substituted Debtor and, to the extent necessary, Assicurazioni Generali 
and the other parties to the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant, as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the 
"Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) 
pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of 
each Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) to be bound by these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been 
named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Assicurazioni 
Generali. An unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee 
substantially in the form annexed to the Agency Agreement shall be 
executed by Assicurazioni Generali whereby Assicurazioni Generali 
shall guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and each Accountholder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such 
principal debtor substantially to the extent of, and in the terms specified 
in, the form of deed of guarantee annexed to the Agency Agreement 
(such guarantee is referred to in this Condition 15.4 as the "Substitution 
Guarantee" and such guarantor as the "Guarantor");

--- Page 136 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 133 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee shall contain a warranty 
and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (a) that 
each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and the giving of such Substitution Guarantee, (b) that each 
of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor of its 
obligations under the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (c) 
that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor are legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and each 
Accountholder (subject to all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or 
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and 
general equitable principles); 
(iii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from whom 
copies will be available to Noteholders (and if applicable 
Accountholders) (a) from lawyers of recognised standing as to matters 
of law of the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the Substituted 
Debtor confirming that upon the substitution taking place (1) the 
requirements of this Condition 15.4, save as to the giving of notice to 
the Noteholders, have been met, (2) the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor (subject to all applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of 
creditors' rights generally and general equitable principles), (3) the 
Substituted Debtor is validly incorporated under the laws of its 
jurisdiction, and (4) that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
substitution and for the entry into and performance of the Documents 
and (b) from the legal counsel to the Guarantor confirming that upon the 
substitution taking place, (1) the Substitution Guarantee and the 
Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Guarantor, (2) the Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform the 
obligations to be assumed by the Guarantor in the Documents and the 
Substitution Guarantee, and (3) the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the entry into 
and the performance of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee; 
(iv) 
each Rating Agency shall have confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, 
Assicurazioni Generali and the Fiscal Agent that after giving effect to 
such substitution and the giving of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes 
shall (to the extent they were rated by such rating agency prior to the 
substitution) continue to be rated the same as immediately prior to the 
substitution; 
(v) 
no right of redemption pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase), any of the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee would 
become applicable on or as a result of such substitution;

--- Page 137 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 134 - 
47-41052088 
 
(vi) 
the appropriate regulatory authorities in Luxembourg shall have 
confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni Generali and the 
Fiscal Agent that, after giving effect to such substitution and the giving 
of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall continue to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (provided that the relevant Notes were 
so listed prior to such substitution); and 
(vii) 
a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor, signed by two 
directors of the Substituted Debtor shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions as 
referred to in paragraph (a) above; (A) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed 
to be named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as 
the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (and, where the context requires, 
references to Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as the issuer of the Notes 
will be replaced by references to the Substituted Debtor as the issuer of the 
Notes) and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the foregoing as well as 
all other amendments incidental to such substitution, and (B) the Issuer shall be 
released from all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Counterparts of each of the Documents (which shall include the Conditions 
amended and restated to give effect to the substitution) and the Substitution 
Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as 
any of the Notes remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against 
the Substituted Debtor or the Guarantor by any Noteholder or Accountholder in 
relation to the Notes, the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and 
the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee the right of every Noteholder and Accountholder to the production 
of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee for the enforcement of any of 
the Notes, Documents or Substitution Guarantee. 
(d) 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee, the Substituted Debtor together with the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
17. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) (or 
if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe) or, if the Notes which are listed or admitted to

--- Page 138 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 135 - 
47-41052088 
 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
18. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
19. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States 
dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that English 
law is applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, except that provisions concerning the status of 
the Notes, Condition 15.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant 
provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders of 
Assicurazioni Generali and the appointment of a Noteholders' Representative

--- Page 139 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 136 - 
47-41052088 
 
(rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to 
hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not 
to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to the person or persons for 
the time being registered at the Companies Register under Parts 34 and 37 of 
the Companies Act 2006 and authorised to accept service of process in England 
on behalf of the Issuer. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed 
to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the 
written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This clause 
applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder 
to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law 
is applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of Milan shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to 
hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not 
to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.

--- Page 140 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 137 - 
47-41052088 
 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall 
not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
(e) 
Waiver of trial by jury: Without prejudice to the remaining paragraphs of this 
Condition 20, the Issuer waives any right it may have to a jury of trial or cause 
of action in connection with the Agency Agreement and the Notes. These 
Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
(f) 
Italian Civil Code: The Notes do not have the benefit of Article 1186 of the 
Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, Article 1819 of the Italian Civil 
Code.

--- Page 141 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 138 - 
47-41052088 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Tier 3 Notes, will be applicable to 
each Tranche of Tier 3 Notes. These Terms and Conditions, as so completed, shall be endorsed 
on each Tier 3 Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Tier 3 Note in global form will differ from those 
terms and conditions which would apply to the Tier 3 Note were it in definitive form to the 
extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" 
below. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. ("Assicurazioni Generali") (the 
"Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms 
and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes (the "Conditions") are issued in series (each 
a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a 
"Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer may also issue Senior Notes pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Senior Notes (the "Senior Conditions"), Tier 2 
Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 2 Notes (the "Tier 2 
Conditions") and Restricted Tier 1 Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (the "Restricted Tier 1 Conditions") under the 
Programme.  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by English law are the subject of an issue and paying agency 
agreement that is governed by English law; and the Notes that are stated in the 
relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law are the subject of an issue 
and paying agency agreement that is governed by Italian law, in each case, dated 
30 May 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agent 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant 
Final Terms are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the

--- Page 142 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 139 - 
47-41052088 
 
Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, 
talons for further Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. The 
expression "Notes" shall, where the context so permits, include Receipts. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified 
Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accounting Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Applicable Regulations" means the solvency margin, regulatory capital or capital 
regulations introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable to Assicurazioni 
Generali (including for the purpose of any capital requirements or provisions of 
regulatory laws applicable from time to time with respect to internationally active 
insurance groups (IAIGs) and global systemically important insurers (G-SIIs) or 
equivalent designation), which set out, inter alia, the Tier 3 Capital Requirements 
(including the Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
of 10 October 2014 supplementing the Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019 and any other applicable laws, legislation, 
rules and regulations as well as regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards adopted in relation thereto, together with (to the extent applied by 
the Lead Regulator) published interpretation, guidance or guidelines of the foregoing) 
and, where the context requires, legislation on the recovery and resolution of 
(re)insurance undertakings introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable 
to Assicurazioni Generali; 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 143 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 140 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 144 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 141 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Calculation Agent" means (i) other than in respect of the calculation of any Make 
Whole Amount pursuant to Condition 10.10 (Make Whole Amount), the Fiscal Agent 
or (ii) the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Conditions for Redemption and Purchase" means each of the following conditions: 
(i) 
no Solvency Capital Event has occurred and/or is continuing, and such 
redemption would not itself result in a Solvency Capital Event;  
(ii) 
the prior approval of the Lead Regulator has been obtained and such approval 
continues to be valid and effective at the relevant date; 
(iii) 
if and to the extent required under then Applicable Regulations in order for the 
Notes to be treated as regulatory capital, where any insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking included in the scope of group supervision of the Issuer under the 
Applicable Regulations (a "Relevant Undertaking") is subject to a Relevant 
Proceeding (as defined below) at the time of the proposed redemption, all claims 
owed by the Relevant Undertaking to its policyholders and beneficiaries have 
been met; and 
(iv) 
to the extent required under then prevailing Applicable Regulations, any 
alternative or additional pre-condition to redemption or purchase of the Notes 
are met, 
unless, in each case, such Condition for Redemption is no longer a requirement under 
the Applicable Regulations at such time in order for the Notes to be recognised in the 
determination of own funds. 
For the purposes of sub-(iii) above, "Relevant Proceeding" means the winding-up of 
a Relevant Undertaking under applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the Relevant 
Undertaking in circumstances where the assets of the Relevant Undertaking (in the 
reasonable determination of the Issuer) may or will be insufficient to meet all amounts 
which, under applicable legislation or rules relating to the winding-up of insurance 
companies, the policyholders and beneficiaries are entitled to receive pursuant to a 
contract of insurance or reinsurance of the Relevant Undertaking. 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time; 
"Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies" means Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 209 of 7 September 2005, as amended from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali" means any existing or 
future unconditional, unsecured, subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
with a specified maturity date, including Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali and More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali;

--- Page 145 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 142 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 146 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 143 - 
47-41052088 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 147 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 144 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
"Deferred Interest Payment Event" has the meaning given in Condition 5.2 (Arrears 
of Interest); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)" has the meaning given in 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)" has the meaning given in Condition 
10.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)" has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 
(Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, 
subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the 
amount per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Generali Finance" means Generali Finance B.V., which has merged with and 
incorporated into Assicurazioni Generali following the Generali Finance Merger; 
"Generali Finance Merger" means the merger of Generali Finance with, and its 
incorporation into, Assicurazioni Generali with effect as 9 April 2018; 
"Generali Perpetual Notes" means any existing or future direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with no specified maturity date or 
with a maturity date linked to the duration of Assicurazioni Generali;

--- Page 148 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 145 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali" means Generali Perpetual Notes and 
any other obligation of Assicurazioni Generali (including obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali in respect of undated subordinated notes issued by Generali Finance specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as "More Deeply Subordinated Notes" in respect of which 
Assicurazioni Generali has replaced, by operation of law, Generali Finance as issuer 
following the Generali Finance Merger) from time to time expressed by its terms to 
rank pari passu with Generali Perpetual Notes; 
"Initial Interest Payment Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable – subject to these Conditions – in respect of that Note for that Interest 
Period; 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"IVASS" means the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni, the Italian supervisory 
body for insurance; 
"Lead Regulator" means IVASS, or any successor entity of IVASS, or any other 
competent lead regulator to which Assicurazioni Generali becomes subject and, where

--- Page 149 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 146 - 
47-41052088 
 
the context requires, any authority (if different) having responsibility for the recovery 
and resolution of the Issuer or the Group under applicable legislation; 
"Legislative Decree No. 239" has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law or Articles 245 ff of 
the Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies, as the case may be; 
"Make Whole Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10.10 (Make Whole 
Amount); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and if the relevant Final 
Term specifies that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is 
applicable, shall mean (a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Pre-Call); and (b) from each Interest Period 
falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Post-Call), in each case, 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin (Pre-Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin (Post-Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital Requirement" means the minimum capital requirement (and, 
where applicable, the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement) 
referred to, and calculated in accordance with, applicable provisions set forth under, the 
Solvency II Directive and Applicable Regulations, where non-compliance with the 
Minimum Capital Requirement shall be deemed to have occurred if the amount of own 
fund items eligible to cover the Minimum Capital Requirement of the Issuer, on a solo 
or, where applicable, consolidated basis, is less than the Minimum Capital Requirement 
of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means 
subordinated notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be more 
senior subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with a specified maturity date, 
and shall include Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under these Conditions; 
"Observation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, the amount 
per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means:

--- Page 150 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 147 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer (or, in the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such 
assets and undertaking) are vested in a body corporate in good standing and such body 
corporate (i) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) liability as principal debtor in 
respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the business of the Issuer 
as reported in the Issuer's most recently published audited financial statements 
immediately prior to such amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation or restructuring; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms, and if the relevant Final Term specifies that: (A) Change of 
interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean (a) for 
each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Initial

--- Page 151 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 148 - 
47-41052088 
 
Rate of Interest; and (b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), the Rate of Interest (Post-Call) or (B) Reset Notes provisions are applicable, 
shall mean (a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the First Reset Date, the Initial 
Rate of Interest; and (b) for each Interest Period after the First Reset Date, the relevant 
Reset Rate; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody's Investors Service Ltd and/or Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and/or AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (or their respective 
affiliates) and/or any other rating agency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, and any 
of their respective successors; 
"Rating Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory), the 
Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Accounting 
Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up), the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Interest); 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event);

--- Page 152 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 149 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Existing Indebtedness" means the following Dated Subordinated 
Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali if and for so long as their terms and conditions 
do not permit the Issuer to issue subordinated obligations ranking senior thereto: 
- 
€1,000,000,000 Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due May 2026 (XS1062900912) 
issued in May 2014, in a principal amount outstanding of €1,000,000,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due October 
2047 (XS1311440082) issued in October 2015 (first call October 2027), in a 
principal amount outstanding of €1,250,000,000; and 
- 
€850,000,000 Fixed/Floating Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2048 
(XS1428773763) issued in June 2016 (first call June 2028), in a principal amount 
outstanding of €850,000,000, 
in each case, as at 30 May 2023; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in Condition 8.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service and 
Moneyline Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes 
any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such 
payment, to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of 
the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed; to change the currency of any 
payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend the definition of 
"Reserved Matter"; 
"Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be senior subordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali having a specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme pursuant to the terms and conditions

--- Page 153 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 150 - 
47-41052088 
 
of the Tier 2 Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to have the status of Senior 
Dated Subordinated Notes; 
"Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali that are expressed to be senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali having a specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Senior Notes; 
"Solvency II Directive" means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking up and pursuit of the business of 
insurance and reinsurance (solvency II) (as amended) and any applicable implementing 
provisions; 
A "Solvency Capital Event" is deemed to have occurred if: (i) there is non-compliance 
with (for the purpose of deferral of interest) the Minimum Capital Requirement or (for 
the purpose of redemption of principal) the Solvency Capital Requirement, as 
applicable or the payment of interest or principal on the Notes would lead to such non-
compliance; or (ii) any other event has occurred which, under the Applicable 
Regulations in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital, would require payment 
of interest or principal on the Notes to be deferred or suspended; 
"Solvency Capital Requirement" means the solo and/or group solvency capital 
requirement of the Issuer referred to, and calculated in accordance with applicable 
provisions set forth under, the Solvency II Directive and Applicable Regulations, 
provided that: 
(a) 
non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be deemed to 
have occurred if the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency 
Capital Requirement of the Issuer, whether at solo or group level, is less than 
the solo or, as the case may be, group Solvency Capital Requirement of the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
references to the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be read as references to 
the Minimum Capital Requirement where non-compliance with the Minimum 
Capital Requirement occurs before non-compliance with the Solvency Capital 
Requirement; 
"Solvency Margin" means the own funds eligible to cover Assicurazioni Generali's 
Solvency Capital Requirement and/or, as the case may be, Minimum Capital 
Requirement, in each case, as determined pursuant to the Applicable Regulations; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"):

--- Page 154 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 151 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means any day on which 
T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Tier 3 Capital" means own funds or capital resources which have the necessary 
features to be classified as Tier 3 under the Applicable Regulations; 
"Tier 3 Capital Requirements" means the requirements of the Lead Regulator for 
instruments to qualify as Tier 3 Capital for capital adequacy purposes in respect of the 
relevant company, either on a solo or on a consolidated basis, pursuant to the Applicable 
Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and

--- Page 155 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 152 - 
47-41052088 
 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder. With reference to any Note that is governed by English law, no Person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any such Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
4.1 
Status of More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali: The Notes 
are More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes and constitute unconditional and unsecured 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Notes rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and:  
(i) 
for so long as any Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, (x) pari passu 
with such Relevant Existing Indebtedness and (y) at least pari passu with Senior 
Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali (other than, for clarity, 
Relevant Existing Indebtedness);  
(ii) 
at least equally with all other Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
junior to any unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali (including any Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali 
and the policyholders of Assicurazioni Generali) and  
(iv) 
senior to any obligations of the Issuer (including obligations (if any) of 
Assicurazioni Generali in respect of Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali and, provided that no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, 
Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali) which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
4.2 
Winding-up etc. of the Issuer: The claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes are, in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer 
subordinated to all other current and future unsubordinated and unprivileged claims on 
the Issuer.

--- Page 156 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 153 - 
47-41052088 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Noteholders will, in the event of the 
winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, only be made after all preferred and non-preferred 
unsubordinated obligations admissible in any such winding-up, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer 
have been satisfied in full or after an arrangement or composition has been arrived at 
with them under which they have given full discharge against receipt of part of their 
claim. 
The Notes rank in priority to claims of: holders of any Hybrid Obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali that rank (or are expressed to rank) junior to the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes; holders of any Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali (other than Relevant Existing Indebtedness) to the extent that 
the claims of such holders rank - at the time of the winding-up, liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer - junior to the Notes; and the shareholders of the Issuer. 
4.3 
Waiver: Each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
5. 
DEFERRAL OF INTEREST 
5.1 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest 
5.1.1 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event  
The Issuer shall defer payment of all of the interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital 
Event (or, in the case where the payment of interest would itself result in the 
occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, all or part of the interest amount that 
would result in such occurrence), in each case until the Solvency Capital Event 
has been remedied and any payment of Deferred Interest (as defined in 
Condition 5.2 below) would not lead to a Solvency Capital Event. 
5.1.2 
In addition, the Issuer shall defer any payment of interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date or arrears of interest if: 
(a) 
payment of the relevant interest would result in, or accelerate, the Issuer 
becoming insolvent in accordance with provisions of the relevant 
insolvency laws and rules and regulations thereunder (including any 
applicable decision of a court) applicable to the Issuer from time to time; 
or 
(b) 
the Lead Regulator notifies Assicurazioni Generali that it has 
determined that Assicurazioni Generali's financial and solvency 
condition is deteriorating in such a manner that its Solvency Margin 
would fall below the Solvency Capital Requirement in the short term , 
or otherwise orders or requires the Issuer to defer or suspend the relevant 
interest payment on the Notes. 
5.1.3 
Without prejudice to Condition 5.2 (Arrears of Interest), if the Issuer is required 
to defer all or part of an interest payment pursuant to Condition 5.1.1

--- Page 157 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 154 - 
47-41052088 
 
(Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event) or otherwise defers 
any payment of interest pursuant to Condition 5.1.2, it shall not have any 
obligation to make such interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
and the failure to pay such interest on such Interest Payment Date shall not 
constitute a default of the Issuer, or any other breach of obligations under the 
Conditions or for any purpose. The Issuer shall give notice of such deferral of 
interest to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Notice of Interest 
Deferral). 
5.1.4 
Notwithstanding the provisions set out in Conditions 5.1.1 and 5.1.2 above, 
interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes which the 
Issuer has deferred, or would otherwise be required to defer, upon the 
occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event may be paid by the Issuer if the Lead 
Regulator has, under the then Applicable Regulations, the authority to give and 
has then given (and has not withdrawn) its prior consent to payment of the 
relevant interest amount or has otherwise waived the deferral of interest, and the 
conditions for such payment (or for the waiver of deferral) have been satisfied. 
Where this Condition 5.1.4 applies, the Issuer will make the relevant interest 
payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, if later, the date following 
satisfaction of all the aforementioned conditions (which date shall be specified 
by the Issuer in the notice to the Noteholders), provided that no additional 
interest shall be due from the Issuer even if such date falls after the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
5.2 
Arrears of Interest 
(a) 
Any unpaid amounts of interest deferred pursuant to 5.1 (Mandatory Deferral 
of Interest) will constitute arrears of interest ("Deferred Interest"). Deferred 
Interest shall not bear interest. 
(b) 
Deferred Interest: 
(i) 
may – subject to the provisions of Condition 5.1.1 and Condition 5.1.2 
– at the option of the Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time; and 
(ii) 
shall become due and payable on the earliest of: 
(x) 
the first Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a 
Deferred Interest Payment Event and on which mandatory 
deferral of interest pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.1.1 
and Condition 5.1.2 is not required; 
(y) 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase), the date fixed for any optional or 
mandatory redemption of the Notes; or 
(z) 
the date on which the Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of 
Assicurazioni Generali is commenced pursuant to the 
Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies or on which 
the Issuer becomes subject to a liquidation order,

--- Page 158 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 155 - 
47-41052088 
 
provided that the Lead Regulator has given and has not withdrawn its 
prior consent to payment of the relevant amounts (to the extent required 
at the time in accordance with then applicable regulations in order for 
the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital). 
"Deferred Interest Payment Event" means the Fiscal Agent having received 
written notice from the Issuer stating that the event or circumstance that gave 
rise to the interest deferral has been remedied. 
5.3 
Notice of Interest Deferral 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices): 
(i) 
of any Interest Payment Date on which, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
5.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest), interest (or, as appropriate, the part thereof 
specified in the notice) will be deferred; and 
(ii) 
of any date on which any interest amount will be paid in accordance with 
Condition 5.1.4 (if Noteholders have been previously notified of the deferral of 
interest), or amounts in respect of any Deferred Interest shall be paid in 
accordance with Condition 5.2 (Arrears of Interest), 
provided that in any case where interest is not paid pursuant to Condition 5.1.1 or 
Condition 5.1.2, if it is not practicable to deliver the notice of deferral referred to in 
sub-paragraph (i) above at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable thereafter; and provided 
further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the relevant deferral of 
interest. 
6. 
CONDITIONS FOR REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Any redemption of Notes on the Maturity Date or on any date fixed for optional 
redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to 
a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 
(Clean-Up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) or any 
purchase pursuant to Condition 10.15 (Purchase), is subject to (i) satisfaction of the 
Conditions for Redemption and Purchase on the relevant redemption date or waiver 
thereof in accordance with Condition 10.13 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension); and 
(ii) redemption of the Notes will not result in, or accelerate, the Issuer becoming 
insolvent in accordance with the provisions of the relevant insolvency laws and rules

--- Page 159 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 156 - 
47-41052088 
 
and regulations thereunder (including any applicable decision of a court) applicable to 
the Issuer from time to time. 
6.2 
In case the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 above are not satisfied, redemption of 
the Notes shall be suspended and, unless Condition 10.13 (Waiver of Redemption 
Suspension) applies: 
(a) 
the Maturity Date (in the case of a redemption of the Notes on the scheduled 
maturity date) shall be postponed in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 10.1(b) (Scheduled redemption); or 
(b) 
the date fixed for optional redemption, in the case of an optional redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-Up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option), shall be postponed in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 10.12(b) (Postponement of optional redemption dates),  
in each case, regardless of any prior notice of redemption that may already have been 
delivered to the Noteholders and interest will – subject to the applicable interest deferral 
provisions of these Conditions – continue to accrue on the principal amount outstanding 
of the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 (Interest) until such Notes are redeemed 
in full pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase). 
6.3 
Failure to redeem the Notes on the original Maturity Date or the date fixed for any 
optional redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to 
a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), 
Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Option) in the circumstances described in Condition 6.1 above shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any 
purpose. 
6.4 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of any date on which 
redemption of the Notes is to be suspended and the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the 
date fixed for optional redemption of the Notes will be postponed pursuant to Condition 
6.2 above, provided that if it is not practicable to deliver such notice at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the date fixed for any optional 
redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to 
a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 
(Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option), such 
notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable thereafter; provided further that failure 
to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the suspension of redemption of the Notes. 
Condition 7 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that 
Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) applies.

--- Page 160 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 157 - 
47-41052088 
 
7. 
INITIAL AND POST-CALL INTEREST PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Issue Date to 
but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, 
subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Initial Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms. 
7.2 
Post-Call Interest Provisions: If the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 10.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) on (or before) the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Notes will bear interest 
for each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call) at such Rate 
of Interest (Post-Call) as will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable, subject 
as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call). 
8. 
INTEREST 
Condition 8.1 below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
8.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
8.1.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in these Conditions. 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
8.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable – subject to these 
Conditions – per Calculation Amount in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount 
in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payment of any Broken 
Amount will be made on the Interest Payment Date so specified in the Final 
Terms. 
8.1.3 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable – subject to 
these Conditions – in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the

--- Page 161 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 158 - 
47-41052088 
 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
Condition 8.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the relevant Final Term specifies that 
Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being applicable. 
8.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
8.2.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is 
more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), 
at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.2 
Interest Basis Reset Provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the 
Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset 
Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (as will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with 
this Condition 8.2) payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.3 
Accrual of interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means the benchmark rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time

--- Page 162 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 159 - 
47-41052088 
 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity 
as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, 
(A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by 
the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors; or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
each Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent 
by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as 
specified in the Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such 
Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying during such Reset Period 
will be determined. 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Period or, 
if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and including) one 
Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any).

--- Page 163 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 160 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to three 
decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded down). 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(A) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate 
displayed on the Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
or 
(B) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count 
basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal 
to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
8.2.4 
Reset Rate Screen Page: if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, or the 
Mid Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to 
Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide it and the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference 
Rate at approximately the Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 8.2.4: 
(a) 
if Option A is indicated in the Final Terms the Reset Rate shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest;  
(b) 
if Option B is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Reset Reference Rate that most recently appeared on the Reset Rate 
Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin 
(if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purpose of this Condition 8.2.4, "Reference Banks" means four (or, if 
the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the Reset Reference Rate and "Independent 
Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise

--- Page 164 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 161 - 
47-41052088 
 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for the purpose of this Condition 
8.2.4. 
8.2.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Interest Amount payable – subject to these Conditions – on each Reset Note for 
each relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, 
as soon as practicable after the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be 
determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period) by applying the Initial Rate 
of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to the Calculation 
Amount, and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards), and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than 
one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) 
for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
Condition 8.3 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
8.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
8.3.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
8.3.2 
Rate of Interest 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR 
Linked Interest Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes, €STR Notes or Index 
Determination (SONIA/SOFR Compounded Index) Notes

--- Page 165 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 162 - 
47-41052088 
 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of each the Reference Banks to provide it 
and the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be

--- Page 166 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 163 - 
47-41052088 
 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest of such Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), be Compounded Daily SONIA plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 167 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 164 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date or, as the 
case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which 
the floating Rate of Interest applies) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date on which such Interest Period ends (or the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or 
the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 168 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 165 - 
47-41052088 
 
is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
"i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 8.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) 
if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (A). 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date

--- Page 169 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 166 - 
47-41052088 
 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period). 
(v) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(C) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes  
(i) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this 
Condition 8.3.2(a)(C). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday 
or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the 
number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.

--- Page 170 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 167 - 
47-41052088 
 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) 
prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) below will 
apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
such period;

--- Page 171 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 168 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period 
ends (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source;

--- Page 172 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 169 - 
47-41052088 
 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iii) 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the or Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 173 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 170 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);

--- Page 174 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 171 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) announcing that the Benchmark (or such

--- Page 175 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 172 - 
47-41052088 
 
component) (i) is no longer representative; (ii) has been or will 
be prohibited from being used; or (iii) its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the relevant Notes; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this sub-paragraph (iii) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised signatory 
of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, 
(y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where 
applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C); and  
(B) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper

--- Page 176 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 173 - 
47-41052088 
 
operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C) or if the replacement 
of SOFR in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
8.3.2(a)(C) or any other amendments to these Conditions necessary to 
implement such replacement, would result, in the determination of the 
Issuer, in the current or future disqualification of the Notes as Tier 3 
Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group under the Tier 3 Capital 
Requirements, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating 
rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case 
may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the 
floating Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(D) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the "CMS Reference 
Rate", "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate", "Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate" or "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate", the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions set out below:  
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(B) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C]

--- Page 177 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 174 - 
47-41052088 
 
(c) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
where 
"Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or 
(B) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
(d) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
L x Min [Max (CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M = Margin 
As used above: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions 
in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Margin", 
"Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide it and the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such

--- Page 178 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 175 - 
47-41052088 
 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
(iii) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(D): 
"Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, 
the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, 
(ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal 
New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
as selected by the Issuer. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the 
bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-
market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(iv) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may 
be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or the Cap or 
the Floor or the Leverage of such Interest Period in place of the Margin,

--- Page 179 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 176 - 
47-41052088 
 
Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the 
first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate 
of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any Cap, Floor 
and Leverage applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(E) 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Notes 
(i) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.  
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 180 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 177 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, 
at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or 
the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day;

--- Page 181 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 178 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to (but excluding) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest 
Period ends or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E), 
in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement 
Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published 
by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period).

--- Page 182 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 179 - 
47-41052088 
 
(F) 
Floating Rate Notes which are Index Determination (SONIA/SOFR 
Compounded Index) Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 8.3.2(a)(F) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin 
(if any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or 
the SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 
London Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 
and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary 
(with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and

--- Page 183 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 180 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA 
rate as published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as 
published at 15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published 
for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End 
date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for 
that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 8.3.2(a)(B) or Condition 
8.3.2(a)(C), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, 
and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 
8.3.2(a)(B) or Condition 8.3.2(a)(C) (as applicable) shall be deemed to 
be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and 
where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen 
Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) 
(in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 8.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation) shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR 
Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 8.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 184 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 181 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.3.3 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
8.3.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
8.3.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable – subject 
to these Conditions – in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
8.3.6 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3, unless defined above, 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market; and in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than 
EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major

--- Page 185 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 182 - 
47-41052088 
 
banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate 
("SIBOR"); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"); (iv) the Hong 
Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); (v) the bank rate of the Bank of 
England (the "Bank of England Base Rate"), in each case, for the relevant 
currency and for the relevant period (if applicable), as specified for each in the 
Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in 
the Final Terms or if none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Brussels; (ii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Singapore; 
(iii) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo; (iv) in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, Hong Kong; or (v) in the case of a determination of 
the Bank of England Base Rate, London. 
8.4 
Miscellaneous 
8.4.1 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any 
other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
8.4.2 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and 
any other amount(s) required to be determined by and the relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
8.4.3 
Recalculations: The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any such 
recalculation will be promptly notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 186 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 183 - 
47-41052088 
 
8.4.4 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8.5 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 8.3 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any required Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, (A) in 
the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded 
Index", the provisions of Condition 8.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply; and (B) in all other cases, the following provisions of this Condition 8.5 
shall apply. 
8.5.1 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 8.5.3 (Adjustment Spread) below) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8.5.4 (Benchmark 
Amendments) below). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.5 shall act in 
good faith and (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 8.5.  
8.5.2 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
8.5), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, 
as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, 
etc.) below; or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to

--- Page 187 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 184 - 
47-41052088 
 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 8.5), with effect as 
from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the 
notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.) below. 
8.5.3 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology 
for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, the then 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
8.5.4 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 8.5 
and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with applicable regulations or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related documents published by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
(subject to prior agreement with the Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, if 
required under the Agency Agreement) with effect from the date specified in 
such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8.5.4 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.5, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other 
amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect 
the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
of the relevant Notes as Tier 3 Capital, or otherwise result in the relevant 
authority treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may 
be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
8.5.5 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8.5 will 
be notified at least 10 Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed

--- Page 188 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 185 - 
47-41052088 
 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and/or Paying 
Agents (as appropriate)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the date (or the Interest Period) from 
which the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate shall take 
effect, whether any Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate, and the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate 
signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 8.5; and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by 
the Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent's or the 
Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.5, if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 8.5, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
8.5.6 
Survival of Original Reference Rate

--- Page 189 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 186 - 
47-41052088 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 8.5.1 
(Independent Adviser) to 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) 
or Condition 8.3.2(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate 
Determination) as applicable will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 8.5.5 
(Notices, etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 
(i) 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) on or before the date 
falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date (or 
Reset Determination Date) relating to the next Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not determined or adopted 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 8.5 prior to such date; or 
(iv) 
the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 8.5 or any other amendments to these Conditions 
necessary to implement such replacement, would result, in the 
determination of the Issuer, in the current or future disqualification of 
the Notes as Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group under the Tier 
3 Capital Requirements, 
then the Rate of Interest (or the Reset Rate of Interest) for the next Interest 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 
8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 8.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
8.5.7 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.5, unless defined above: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or (b) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread in 
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 190 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 187 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with Condition 8.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.5.4 
(Benchmark Amendments). 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or has ceased to 
exist as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such 
supervisor, the Original Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market and such representativeness will not be 
restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 191 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 188 - 
47-41052088 
 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided that notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and 
(v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six 
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not 
be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying 
Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 8.5.1 (Independent Adviser). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board, the 
European Systemic Risk Board, or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 192 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 189 - 
47-41052088 
 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTES 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 
Scheduled redemption 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will (subject 
as mentioned below) be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). 
(b) 
The redemption in accordance with this Condition 10.1 of Notes on the Maturity 
Date is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase). If the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are not satisfied, 
redemption of the Notes will be suspended and – unless Condition 10.13 
(Waiver of Redemption Suspension) applies – the Maturity Date will be 
postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following 
the day on which the relevant conditions set out in Condition 6.1(i) 
and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were not satisfied are satisfied (and 
provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of redemption); 
or 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are 
instituted in respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a 
Permitted Reorganisation), in accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) 
a resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any 
provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of 
Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 December 2131 though if this is 
extended, redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as 
applicable; or (cc) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any 
jurisdictional or administrative authority.

--- Page 193 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 190 - 
47-41052088 
 
10.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned 
below) in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall – subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (including 
Deferred Interest, if applicable), if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or 
other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the application of official 
or generally published interpretation (or application or interpretation 
made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including 
the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by 
any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to 
such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously 
generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax 
treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the 
Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
(1) deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
is materially reduced for Italian income tax purposes as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws or regulations or 
applicable accounting standards of the Republic of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
as a result of any change in the application of official or generally 
published interpretation (or application or interpretation made for the 
first time) of such laws, regulations or applicable accounting standards, 
including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or 
interpretation by any competent court or authority providing for a 
position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that differs 
from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs 
from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in 
respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or 
clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issuance of the last 
Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such non-deductibility cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or, 
in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax 
purposes and provided further that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 10.2 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of

--- Page 194 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 191 - 
47-41052088 
 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), Condition 10.9 
(Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 
10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10.2, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts or, in the case of (B), the Issuer is or will be 
unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each case, as 
a result of such change, amendment or clarification. Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.2, the Issuer shall (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase)) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.2. 
(c) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" shall be: (i) if the Issuer's Call Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Tax Event 
occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Tax Event occurs before the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.3 below is applicable if the Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
- subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) - be irrevocable and oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to (but excluding) such date (including Deferred Interest, if 
applicable). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 
10.3, the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase)) redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice, in accordance with this Condition 10.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with this Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the

--- Page 195 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 192 - 
47-41052088 
 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10.3(a) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount 
or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(c) 
Any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.3 on the date fixed 
for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase) and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional 
redemption dates). 
Condition 10.4 is applicable if Regulatory Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
10.4 
Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event 
(a) 
If at any time Assicurazioni Generali determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to the Notes, such Notes will be 
redeemable in whole or, if the relevant Final Terms states that Partial Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event applies, in part at the option of the Issuer, 
at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) - be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory) 
together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.4 on the date fixed for 
redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase), Condition 10.9 (Redemption of Notes prior to fifth 
anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional 
redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.4, 
"Regulatory Event" means that: 
(i) 
Assicurazioni Generali is no longer subject to the consolidated 
regulatory supervision of the Lead Regulator; or 
(ii) 
as the result of new or amended Tier 3 Capital Requirements or any 
change by the Lead Regulator in its interpretation thereof, the Notes (or 
the Lead Regulator notifies to Assicurazioni Generali that the Notes), in 
whole or in part, no longer qualify (or can no longer be treated) as at 
least Tier 3 Capital, except where this is merely the result of exceeding 
any then applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes as own funds, or 
Tier 3 Capital, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
to the extent that the Notes qualified (or would have qualified) as capital 
resources of a specific tier pursuant to provisions of the Applicable 
Regulations specifically governing internationally active insurance 
groups (IAIG) and/or global systemically important insurers (G-SII) in

--- Page 196 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 193 - 
47-41052088 
 
effect as of the issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes, such 
provisions of the Applicable Regulations are supplemented or amended 
in relation to provisions specifically governing internationally active 
insurance groups (IAIG) and/or global systemically important insurers 
(G-SII) and where, following such supplement and/or amendment, the 
Notes would likely not (or no longer) be recognised (in whole or in part) 
as capital resources of at least the same tier pursuant to such provisions, 
including after the expiration of transitional rules, if any, except where 
this is merely the result of exceeding any then applicable limits on the 
inclusion of the Notes as capital resources. 
(c) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)" shall be: (i) if the Issuer's Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
Regulatory Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Regulatory Event occurs 
before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other 
amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.5 is applicable if Rating Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
10.5 
Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that a Rating Event has occurred with 
respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event), together with 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
(including Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.5 on the date fixed for redemption is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), 
Condition 10.9 (Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) 
and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.5, "Rating Event" shall be deemed to 
have occurred if there is a change in the rating methodology (or the 
interpretation thereof) by a recognized international statistical rating 
organisation as such methodology is in effect on the date when the capital 
treatment was assigned to the Notes for the first time (the "current 
methodology"), and as a consequence of such change, the capital treatment of 
the Notes by such organisation for the Issuer's group shall be amended in such 
a way that is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer materially unfavourable. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10.5, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
a written communication from the relevant international statistical rating 
organisation confirming the change in the current methodology and a certificate

--- Page 197 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 194 - 
47-41052088 
 
signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the 
circumstances described in the definition of "Rating Event" have occurred. 
(d) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)" shall be: (i) if the Issuer's 
Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
Rating Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Rating Event occurs 
before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other 
amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.6 is applicable if Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
10.6 
Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that an Accounting Event has occurred with 
respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so stated in 
the Final Terms, in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (including 
Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 10.6 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), 
Condition 10.9 (Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) 
and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.6,  
an "Accounting Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (x) an opinion of a 
recognised accounting firm has been delivered to the Fiscal Agent, stating that 
as a result of any change in or amendment to Applicable Accounting Standards, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the Notes, the Issuer must not or must no longer record the obligations under 
the Notes as liabilities on its consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards; and (y) this cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
"Applicable Accounting Standards" means the accounting standards applied 
by Assicurazioni Generali for its published consolidated financial statements as 
applicable at the relevant dates and for the relevant periods. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10.6, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion of a recognised accounting firm to the effect set out under sub-
paragraph (b)(x) above.

--- Page 198 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 195 - 
47-41052088 
 
(d) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)" shall be: (i) if the 
Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the Accounting Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Accounting 
Event occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such 
other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.7 is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
(a) 
In the event that at least 80% (or such other percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (the "Clean-up Percentage") of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first 
Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than 
thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) redeem all, but not some 
only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up) 
together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set for redemption 
provided that the Issuer may not redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 10.7 if any Notes of the same Series have been redeemed at the Make 
Whole Amount in accordance with Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Option). 
(b) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up)" means the amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
10.8 
Make-Whole Redemption Option 
If "Make-Whole Redemption Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) at any time or from time to time prior to the Maturity Date 
commencing from the Make-Whole Redemption Commencement Date specified in the 
Final Terms (each such date on which the Notes are to be so redeemed, a "Make-Whole 
Redemption Date") or during such other period as specified in the Final Terms (the 
"Make-Whole Period"), subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set 
for redemption. 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole

--- Page 199 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 196 - 
47-41052088 
 
discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date so delayed. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the Make-Whole Amount or, if different, 
such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
10.9 
Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date 
For so long as this is a requirement under applicable legislation at the relevant time in 
order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer, any redemption pursuant 
to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating 
Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 
10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) and 
any purchase of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.15 (Purchase), may not take place 
prior to the fifth anniversary after the Issue Date, unless:  
(a) 
such redemption is (i) effected by way of exchange for conversion of such Notes 
into another basic own-fund item of at least the same quality; or (ii) made out 
of the proceeds of a new basic own-fund item of at least the same quality, 
provided that the exchange, conversion or redemption is subject to the approval 
of the Lead Regulator; or  
(b) 
all of the following conditions are met:  
(A) 
the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer (on a solo and 
consolidated basis) after the redemption, will be exceeded by an 
appropriate margin, taking into account the solvency position, including 
medium-term capital plan, of the Issuer (on a solo and consolidated 
basis); and 
(B) 
the circumstances are as described in point (i) or (ii): 
(i) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event), the Lead Regulator considers such a change to be 
sufficiently certain; and the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Lead Regulator that the regulatory 
reclassification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of the issuance of the most recent Tranche of the Notes;  
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), there is a change 
in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes which the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulatory is 
material and was not reasonable foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the most recent Tranche of the Notes; and 
(c) 
in the case of either (A) or (B), to the extent permitted under then prevailing 
Applicable Regulations, any alternative or additional pre-conditions to such 
redemption (if any) under then prevailing Applicable Regulation that need to be 
met in order for the Notes to be redeemed at such time are met.

--- Page 200 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 197 - 
47-41052088 
 
10.10 Make Whole Amount 
(a) 
In relation to any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating 
Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or 
Condition 10.7 (Make-Whole Redemption Option), the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Early 
Redemption Amount (Rating Event), the Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event) or, as the case may be, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount – if specified in the Final Terms to be the "Make Whole Amount" – 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher of 
(x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed; and (y) the sum of the present values of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on 
such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such 
present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 
30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 10.10: 
"FA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with 
the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption 
Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date 
is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the Notes. 
"Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event), as the case may be. 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the Final Terms or the FA Selected 
Bond. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) 
the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations 
for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
obtains fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations.

--- Page 201 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 198 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the rate 
per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of 
the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Redemption Date. 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
each Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Redemption Date, the 
arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage 
of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on 
the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate 
amount of scheduled payment(s) of interest (assuming each such scheduled 
interest payment to be due in full) on such Note for the remaining term to (i) the 
Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final 
Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
Redemption Date. 
10.11 No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Condition 10.1 (Scheduled redemption), Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to 
a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), 
Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Option) above. 
10.12 Postponement of optional redemption dates 
(a) 
Any redemption of the Notes notified to Noteholders pursuant to Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 
(Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up 
Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) shall be 
suspended (in whole or in part), and the Issuer shall not be entitled to give any 
notice of redemption pursuant to the aforementioned Conditions, if the 
conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are not satisfied.

--- Page 202 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 199 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
Following any suspension of redemption in accordance with the provisions of 
sub-paragraph (a) above, the date originally fixed for redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or, as the case may be, Condition 
10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) shall (unless Condition 10.13 (Waiver 
of Redemption Suspension) applies) be postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following 
the day on which the relevant conditions set out in Condition 6.1 (i) 
and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were not satisfied are satisfied (and 
provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of redemption); or 
(B) the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are 
instituted in respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a 
Permitted Reorganisation), in accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) 
a resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any provision 
of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of Assicurazioni 
Generali is set at 31 December 2131 though if this is extended, 
redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as applicable; or 
(cc) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional 
or administrative authority. 
10.13 Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) and of Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates), 
the Notes may be redeemed even though there is non-compliance with the 
Solvency Capital Requirement or redemption or repayment would lead to such 
non-compliance, where all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
all of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase are met other than 
the condition under paragraph (i) of such definition; 
(ii) 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the suspension of 
redemption of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed is replaced by at least 
equivalent capital with the consent of the Lead Regulator; and 
(iv) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the 
redemption 
(together, the "Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension"). 
(b) 
The Issuer shall give at least 5 Business Days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) informing the Noteholders of the day 
on which any redemption that has been suspended may take place following 
satisfaction of the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension. For the

--- Page 203 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 200 - 
47-41052088 
 
avoidance of doubt, if the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
have been satisfied before any suspension of redemption has been notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with these Conditions, no notice needs to be 
given by the Issuer under this Condition 10.12. 
10.14 Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date, or upon its becoming due and repayable pursuant 
to Condition 13 (Events of Default), shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
(b) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be 
made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10.12 or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
10.15 Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons are purchased therewith. Any purchase of the Notes is subject to the prior 
approval of the Lead Regulator unless such prior approval is no longer required under 
applicable legislation at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 
Capital of the Issuer. Any such purchase is, unless such purchase is deemed not to be a 
repayment or redemption in accordance with the Applicable Regulations, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) (where references 
therein and in Condition 10.13 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension), to redemption of 
the Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as purchases of the 
Notes) and is subject furthermore to any additional requirements under Applicable 
Regulations at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital of 
the Issuer. 
10.16 Disapplication of call rights 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, at any time and in its sole 
discretion, waive any of the call rights pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-
Whole Redemption Option) (each of such call rights, an "Extraordinary Call Right") 
for a (definite or indefinite) period of time to be determined by the Issuer (the 
"Inapplicability Period") by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices). Any notice so given will be irrevocable and shall specify the

--- Page 204 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 201 - 
47-41052088 
 
Inapplicability Period(s) during which the Issuer shall cease to have the respective 
Extraordinary Call Right(s). 
10.17 Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, 
if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. Any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and not so surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other 
than in respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
in the manner described in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at 
the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has 
appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments.

--- Page 205 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 202 - 
47-41052088 
 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to 
the amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate 
amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the 
amount of principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse 
order of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the 
remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require 
a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons 
(or, if less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount 
of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
Condition 11(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this 
Condition 11(f) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option), Condition 
10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option), or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 206 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 203 - 
47-41052088 
 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of 
presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the 
amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other 
than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of 
the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) (Payments 
in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse 
thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is 
(or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the 
Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts on interest, premium and other income from the Note (but 
not, unless permitted by then prevailing Applicable Regulations, principal or 
any other amount) as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note 
or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Italy other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 207 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 204 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iii) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-
Italian resident entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident for tax purposes in one of the countries or territories not 
allowing the Italian tax authorities to obtain appropriate information in 
respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of 
Italy (the states allowing for an adequate exchange of information with 
the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, as amended and supplemented); or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian 
individual or an Italian legal entity not carrying out commercial 
activities (in particular (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not 
carrying out commercial activities and professional associations, (B) 
public and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying 
out commercial activities, (C) real estate investment funds referred to in 
Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and (D) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities 
which have been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation which have been 
or may subsequently be enacted ("Legislative Decree No. 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth 
in Legislative Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with 
except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if 
it had presented such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 
30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time; or 
(viii) any combination of items (i) through(vii). 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to 
the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer otherwise than for the 
purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation or on terms previously approved by the 
Noteholders;

--- Page 208 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 205 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in (a) above, 
then, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable 
at its principal amount (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the amount indicated 
at Condition 10.14 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with accrued 
interest (if any) (including Deferred Interest, if applicable) without further action or 
formality. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of 
which require the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the

--- Page 209 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 206 - 
47-41052088 
 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental 
Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; 
MODIFICATION AND/OR EXCHANGE FOLLOWING A REGULATORY 
EVENT, TAX EVENT, RATING EVENT OR ACCOUNTING EVENT; 
SUBSTITUTION 
17.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may 
be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how 
their vote was cast at such meeting. 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali, the following provisions shall apply but are subject to compliance 
with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and applicable 
to Assicurazioni Generali from time to time: 
(A) 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative and shall be convened by either of them upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held as a single call meeting 
(assemblea in unica convocazione) ("Single Call Meeting") or as a 
multiple call meeting (i.e. each of the first, second and further call of the 
Meeting respectively and collectively, a ("Multiple Call Meeting")) if 
(i) in the case of a Single Call Meeting there are one or more persons 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of 
the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; or (ii) 
in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting, there are one or more persons 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding (a) at the initial 
meeting, at more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, or (b) at a second meeting, more than one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (c) at a third 
meeting or any subsequent meeting, at more than one fifth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes provided, however, 
that the quorum shall always be more than one half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes for the purposes of

--- Page 210 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 207 - 
47-41052088 
 
considering a Reserved Matter and provided further that the by-laws of 
the Issuer may from time to time (to the extent permitted under 
applicable Italian law) require a higher (or, in the case of Notes that are 
admitted to listing on a regulated market, different) quorum at any such 
meeting which shall be indicated in the Notice convening the relevant 
Meeting; 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any 
meeting convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for 
want of quorum) will be one or more persons holding or representing at 
least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented at the meeting, provided, however, that a Reserved Matter 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or representing 
at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time 
to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a 
larger (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated 
market, different) majority which shall be indicated in the Notice 
convening the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Noteholders' Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders' 
Representative (rappresentante comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the 
interest of Noteholders in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, such 
appointment to be made by an Extraordinary Resolution or by an order of a competent 
court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. Each such Noteholders' 
Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian 
Civil Code. 
17.3 
Modification 
These Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Lead Regulator 
(unless such approval is not required by applicable law at the relevant time in order for 
the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer). The Notes, these Conditions and 
(in case the Notes are governed by English law) the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct 
a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification of the 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments 
in accordance with Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation) shall not require the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Condition 17.4 below applies if the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event 
Modification Provisions or the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 211 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 208 - 
47-41052088 
 
17.4 
Modification and/or Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating 
Event or Accounting Event 
(a) 
Where a Regulatory Event, a Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting Event, 
which is stated in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable for the purposes 
of this Condition 17.4, has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
(A) 
where the Final Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions are applicable, modify the terms of the 
Notes to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as 
applicable, Accounting Event, would exist after such modification; or 
(B) 
in relation to Notes governed by English law only, where the Final 
Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are applicable, exchange all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for Qualifying Securities so that the relevant Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event that has 
occurred would no longer exist in relation to the Qualifying Securities, 
in each case, provided that, following such modification or, as applicable, 
exchange: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of, in the case of sub-(A) above, the Notes, as 
so modified (the "modified Notes") or, in the case of sub-(B) above, the 
Qualifying Securities, are – in the Issuer's reasonable determination after 
having consulted an independent investment bank of international 
standing - not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms 
and conditions applicable to the Notes prior to such modification or 
exchange (the "existing Notes") provided that any modification may be 
made in accordance with paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below or, as applicable, 
any exchange of existing Notes for a basic own-fund item of at least the 
same quality that meet the requirements set out in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) 
below ("Qualifying Securities"), shall not constitute a breach of this 
paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
either the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the modified 
Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities (x) continues to be the 
Issuer, or (y) is substituted in accordance with Condition 17.5 
(Substitution); and 
(iii) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities rank at least 
equal to the existing Notes prior to such modification or exchange and 
feature the same tenor, principal amount, redemption amounts, at least 
the same interest rates (including applicable margins), the same interest 
payment dates, first call date (if any) and any early redemption rights (if 
any) as under the existing Notes for Regulatory Event, Tax Event, 
Rating Event or Accounting Event, the same existing rights to any 
accrued interest, any Deferred Interest and any other amounts payable 
under the modified Notes or, as applicable, the Qualifying Securities, as 
the existing Notes prior to such modification or exchange and do not

--- Page 212 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 209 - 
47-41052088 
 
contain any terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-
down or conversion into ordinary shares; and 
(iv) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities continue to 
be listed on a regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EC) of an internationally 
recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the 
existing Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory 
Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event), 
and provided further that: 
(1) 
Assicurazioni Generali obtains approval of the proposed 
modification or exchange from the Lead Regulator (unless such 
approval is no longer required by applicable law at the relevant 
time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital of the 
Issuer) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is required to 
be given) to the Lead Regulator and, following the expiry of all 
relevant statutory time limits, the Lead Regulator is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed 
modification or exchange; 
(2) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to a change in 
any published rating of the existing Notes in effect at such time 
(to the extent the existing Notes were rated prior to the 
occurrence of such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event 
or, as applicable, Accounting Event); 
(3) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to any right on 
the part of the Issuer to exercise any option to redeem the 
modified Notes or the Qualifying Securities that does not already 
exist prior to such modification or exchange, without prejudice 
to the provisions under Condition 10.3 (Redemption and 
purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
(4) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, 
substantially in the form shown in the Agency Agreement, 
signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating 
that conditions (i) to (iv) and (1) to (3) above have been complied 
with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders; and 
(5) 
in the case of any proposed modifications or an exchange owing 
to a Tax Event, the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent an 
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the 
proposed modifications or exchange. 
(b) 
In connection with any modification or exchange as indicated in this Condition 
17.4, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 213 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 210 - 
47-41052088 
 
The following Condition 17.5 shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that the 
Substitution Provisions are applicable to the Notes and only to Notes governed by English law. 
17.5 
Substitution 
(a) 
Any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing 
under the laws of its jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
but with the prior written approval of Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (the "Substituted Debtor"), 
provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the 
Substituted Debtor and, to the extent necessary, Assicurazioni Generali 
and the other parties to the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant, as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the 
"Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) 
pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of 
each Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) to be bound by these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been 
named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Assicurazioni 
Generali. An unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee 
substantially in the form annexed to the Agency Agreement shall be 
executed by Assicurazioni Generali whereby Assicurazioni Generali 
shall guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and each Accountholder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such 
principal debtor substantially to the extent of, and in the terms specified 
in, the form of deed of guarantee annexed to the Agency Agreement 
(such guarantee is referred to in this Condition 17.5 as the "Substitution 
Guarantee" and such guarantor as the "Guarantor"); 
(ii) 
the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee shall contain a warranty 
and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (a) that 
each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and the giving of such Substitution Guarantee, (b) that each 
of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor of its 
obligations under the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (c) 
that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor are legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and each 
Accountholder (subject to all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or 
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and 
general equitable principles); 
(iii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from whom 
copies will be available to Noteholders (and if applicable 
Accountholders) (a) from lawyers of recognised standing as to matters

--- Page 214 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 211 - 
47-41052088 
 
of law of the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the Substituted 
Debtor confirming that upon the substitution taking place (1) the 
requirements of this Condition 17.5, save as to the giving of notice to 
the Noteholders, have been met, (2) the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor (subject to all applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of 
creditors' rights generally and general equitable principles), (3) the 
Substituted Debtor is validly incorporated under the laws of its 
jurisdiction, and (4) that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
substitution and for the entry into and performance of the Documents 
and (b) from the legal counsel to the Guarantor confirming that upon the 
substitution taking place, (1) the Substitution Guarantee and the 
Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Guarantor, (2) the Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform the 
obligations to be assumed by the Guarantor in the Documents and the 
Substitution Guarantee, and (3) the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the entry into 
and the performance of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee; 
(iv) 
each Rating Agency shall have confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, 
Assicurazioni Generali and the Fiscal Agent that after giving effect to 
such substitution and the giving of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes 
shall (to the extent they were rated by such rating agency prior to the 
substitution) continue to be rated the same as immediately prior to the 
substitution; 
(v) 
no right of redemption pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase), any of the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee would 
become applicable on or as a result of such substitution; 
(vi) 
the appropriate regulatory authorities in Luxembourg shall have 
confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni Generali and the 
Fiscal Agent that, after giving effect to such substitution and the giving 
of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall continue to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (provided that the relevant Notes were 
so listed prior to such substitution); and 
(vii) 
a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor, signed by two 
directors of the Substituted Debtor shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions as 
referred to in paragraph (a) above; (A) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed 
to be named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as 
the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (and, where the context requires, 
references to Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as the issuer of the Notes 
will be replaced by references to the Substituted Debtor as the issuer of the 
Notes) and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the foregoing as well as 
all other amendments incidental to such substitution, and (B) the Issuer shall be

--- Page 215 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 212 - 
47-41052088 
 
released from all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Counterparts of each of the Documents (which shall include the Conditions 
amended and restated to give effect to the substitution) and the Substitution 
Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as 
any of the Notes remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against 
the Substituted Debtor or the Guarantor by any Noteholder or Accountholder in 
relation to the Notes, the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and 
the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee the right of every Noteholder and Accountholder to the production 
of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee for the enforcement of any of 
the Notes, Documents or Substitution Guarantee. 
(d) 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee, the Substituted Debtor together with the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) (or 
if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe) or, if the Notes which are listed or admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such

--- Page 216 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 213 - 
47-41052088 
 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States 
dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that English 
law is applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, except that provisions concerning the status of 
the Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali are governed by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. Condition 17.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant 
provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders of 
Assicurazioni Generali and the appointment of a Noteholders' Representative 
(rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to 
hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not 
to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to the person or persons for 
the time being registered at the Companies Register under Parts 34 and 37 of 
the Companies Act 2006 and authorised to accept service of process in England 
on behalf of the Issuer. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed

--- Page 217 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 214 - 
47-41052088 
 
to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the 
written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This clause 
applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder 
to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is 
applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of 
Milan shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and 
to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes 
(respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or 
hereafter have to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to hear and 
determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any 
such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and 
shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one 
or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction 
(whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by law. 
(e) 
Waiver of trial by jury: Without prejudice to the remaining paragraphs of this Condition 
22, the Issuer waives any right it may have to a jury of trial or cause of action in 
connection with the Agency Agreement and the Notes. These Conditions may be filed 
as a written consent to a bench trial. 
(f) 
Italian Civil Code: The Notes do not have the benefit of Article 1186 of the Italian Civil 
Code nor, to the extent applicable, Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 218 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 215 - 
47-41052088 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Tier 2 Notes, will be applicable to 
each Tranche of Tier 2 Notes. These Terms and Conditions, as so completed, shall be endorsed 
on each Tier 2 Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Tier 2 Note in global form will differ from those 
terms and conditions which would apply to the Tier 2 Note were it in definitive form to the 
extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" 
below. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. ("Assicurazioni Generali") (the 
"Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms 
and conditions of the Tier 2 Notes (the "Conditions") are issued in series (each 
a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a 
"Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer may also issue Senior Notes pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Senior Notes (the "Senior Conditions"), Tier 3 
Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes (the "Tier 3 
Conditions") and Restricted Tier 1 Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (the "Restricted Tier 1 Conditions").  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by English law are the subject of an issue and paying agency 
agreement that is governed by English law; and the Notes that are stated in the 
relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law are the subject of an issue 
and paying agency agreement that is governed by Italian law, in each case, dated 
30 May 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agent 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant 
Final Terms are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the 
Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any,

--- Page 219 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 216 - 
47-41052088 
 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, 
talons for further Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accounting Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Applicable Regulations" means the solvency margin, regulatory capital or capital 
regulations introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable to Assicurazioni 
Generali (including for the purpose of any capital requirements or provisions of 
regulatory laws applicable from time to time with respect to internationally active 
insurance groups (IAIGs) and global systemically important insurers (G-SIIs) or 
equivalent designation), which set out, inter alia, the Tier 2 Capital Requirements 
(including the Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
of 10 October 2014 supplementing the Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019 and any other applicable laws, legislation, 
rules and regulations as well as regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards adopted in relation thereto, together with (to the extent applied by 
the Lead Regulator) published interpretation, guidance or guidelines of the foregoing) 
and, where the context requires, legislation on the recovery and resolution of 
(re)insurance undertakings introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable 
to Assicurazioni Generali; 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means:

--- Page 220 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 217 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 221 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 218 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Calculation Agent" means (i) other than in respect of the calculation of any Make 
Whole Amount pursuant to Condition 10.10 (Make Whole Amount), the Fiscal Agent 
or (ii) the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Conditions for Redemption and Purchase" means each of the following conditions: 
(i) 
no Solvency Capital Event has occurred and/or is continuing, and such 
redemption would not itself result in a Solvency Capital Event;  
(ii) 
the prior approval of the Lead Regulator has been obtained and such approval 
continues to be valid and effective at the relevant date;  
(iii) 
if and to the extent required under then Applicable Regulations in order for the 
Notes to be treated as regulatory capital, where any insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking included in the scope of group supervision of the Issuer under the 
Applicable Regulations (a "Relevant Undertaking") is subject to a Relevant 
Proceeding (as defined below) at the time of the proposed redemption, all claims 
owed by the Relevant Undertaking to its policyholders and beneficiaries have 
been met; and 
(iv) 
to the extent required under then prevailing Applicable Regulations, any 
alternative or additional pre-condition to redemption or purchase of the Notes 
are met, 
unless, in each case, such Condition for Redemption is no longer a requirement under 
the Applicable Regulations at such time in order for the Notes to be recognised in the 
determination of own funds. 
For the purposes of sub-(iii) above, "Relevant Proceeding" means the winding-up of 
a Relevant Undertaking under applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the Relevant 
Undertaking in circumstances where the assets of the Relevant Undertaking (in the 
reasonable determination of the Issuer) may or will be insufficient to meet all amounts 
which, under applicable legislation or rules relating to the winding-up of insurance 
companies, the policyholders and beneficiaries are entitled to receive pursuant to a 
contract of insurance or reinsurance of the Relevant Undertaking. 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time; 
"Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies" means Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 209 of 7 September 2005, as amended from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali" means any existing or 
future unconditional, unsecured, subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
with a specified maturity date, including Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali and More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali;

--- Page 222 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 219 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 223 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 220 - 
47-41052088 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 224 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 221 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
"Deferred Interest Payment Event" has the meaning given in Condition 5.3 (Arrears 
of Interest); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)" has the meaning given in 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)" has the meaning given in Condition 
10.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)" has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 
(Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, 
subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the 
amount per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Generali Finance" means Generali Finance B.V., which has merged with and 
incorporated into Assicurazioni Generali following the Generali Finance Merger;  
"Generali Finance Merger" means the merger of Generali Finance with, and its 
incorporation into, Assicurazioni Generali with effect as of 9 April 2018; 
"Generali Perpetual Notes" means any existing or future direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with no specified maturity date or 
with a maturity date linked to the duration of Assicurazioni Generali;

--- Page 225 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 222 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali" means Generali Perpetual Notes and 
any other obligation of Assicurazioni Generali (including obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali in respect of undated subordinated notes issued by Generali Finance specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as "More Deeply Subordinated Notes" in respect of which 
Assicurazioni Generali has replaced, by operation of law, Generali Finance as issuer 
following the Generali Finance Merger) from time to time expressed by its terms to 
rank pari passu with Generali Perpetual Notes;  
"Initial Interest Payment Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable – subject to these Conditions – in respect of that Note for that Interest 
Period; 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"IVASS" means the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni, the Italian supervisory 
body for insurance; 
"Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali" means (A) all classes of share capital 
(including preference shares – azioni privilegiate – and savings shares – azioni di

--- Page 226 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 223 - 
47-41052088 
 
risparmio, if any) of Assicurazioni Generali; (B) any obligation, including preferred 
securities, guarantees or similar instruments issued by Assicurazioni Generali which 
rank junior to the Notes; and (C) any guarantee or similar instrument from 
Assicurazioni Generali, ranking junior to the Notes, covering the preferred securities or 
preferred or preference shares issued by a Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali; 
"Lead Regulator" means IVASS, or any successor entity of IVASS, or any other 
competent lead regulator to which Assicurazioni Generali becomes subject and, where 
the context requires, any authority (if different) having responsibility for the recovery 
and resolution of the Issuer or the Group under applicable legislation; 
"Legislative Decree No. 239" has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law or Articles 245 ff of 
the Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies, as the case may be; 
"Make Whole Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10.10 (Make Whole 
Amount); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and if the relevant Final 
Term specifies that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is 
applicable, shall mean (a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Pre-Call); and (b) from each Interest Period 
falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Post-Call), in each case, 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin (Pre-Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin (Post-Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital Requirement" means the minimum capital requirement (and, 
where applicable, the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement) 
referred to, and calculated in accordance with, applicable provisions set forth under, the 
Solvency II Directive and Applicable Regulations, where non-compliance with the 
Minimum Capital Requirement shall be deemed to have occurred if the amount of own 
fund items eligible to cover the Minimum Capital Requirement of the Issuer, on a solo 
or, where applicable, consolidated basis, is less than the Minimum Capital Requirement 
of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means 
subordinated notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be more 
senior subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with a specified maturity date, 
and shall include notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes; 
"Observation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 227 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 224 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Optional Deferral Conditions" has the meaning given in Condition 5.1 (Optional 
Deferral of Interest); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, the amount 
per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Parity Securities" means, in relation to a Note, (A) any obligations, guarantees or 
instruments issued by Assicurazioni Generali which rank equally with such Note 
(including the obligations of Assicurazioni Generali deriving from a subordinated 
guarantee granted in connection with the issue of subordinated notes by Generali 
Finance and the obligations of Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as issuer of 
subordinated notes); and (B) any instruments issued by a Subsidiary of Assicurazioni 
Generali which have the benefit of a guarantee or similar instrument from Assicurazioni 
Generali, which guarantee or similar instrument ranks equally with such Note; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer (or, in the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such 
assets and undertaking) are vested in a body corporate in good standing and such body 
corporate (i) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) liability as principal debtor in 
respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the business of the Issuer 
as reported in the Issuer's most recently published audited financial statements 
immediately prior to such amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation or restructuring;

--- Page 228 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 225 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Permitted Repurchase" means (1) any redemption, repurchase or other acquisition 
of Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali held by any member of its group; (2) a 
reclassification of the equity share capital of Assicurazioni Generali or any of its 
Subsidiaries or the exchange or conversion of one class or series of equity share capital 
for another class or series of equity share capital; (3) the purchase of fractional interest 
in the share capital of Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the 
conversion or exchange provisions of such security being converted or exchanged; (4) 
any redemption or other acquisition of Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali in 
connection with a levy or execution for the satisfaction of a claim by Assicurazioni 
Generali or any of its Subsidiaries; or (5) any redemption or other acquisition of Junior 
Securities of Assicurazioni Generali in connection with the satisfaction by 
Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries of its obligations under any employee 
benefit plan or similar arrangement; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms, and if the relevant Final Term specifies that: (A) Change of 
interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean (a) for 
each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Initial 
Rate of Interest; and (b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), the Rate of Interest (Post-Call) or (B) Reset Notes provisions are applicable, 
shall mean (a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the First Reset Date, the Initial 
Rate of Interest; and (b) for each Interest Period after the First Reset Date, the relevant 
Reset Rate; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody's Investors Service Ltd and/or Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and/or AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (or their respective 
affiliates) and/or any other rating agency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, and any 
of their respective successors; 
"Rating Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory), the

--- Page 229 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 226 - 
47-41052088 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Accounting 
Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up), the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Interest); 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event); 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Existing Indebtedness" means the following Dated Subordinated 
Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali if and for so long as their terms and conditions 
do not permit the Issuer to issue subordinated obligations ranking senior thereto: 
- 
€1,000,000,000 Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due May 2026 (XS1062900912) 
issued in May 2014, in a principal amount outstanding of €1,000,000,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due October 
2047 (XS1311440082) issued in October 2015 (first call October 2027), in a 
principal amount outstanding of €1,250,000,000; and

--- Page 230 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 227 - 
47-41052088 
 
- 
€850,000,000 Fixed/Floating Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2048 
(XS1428773763) issued in June 2016 (first call June 2028), in a principal amount 
outstanding of €850,000,000, 
in each case, as at 30 May 2023; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in Condition 8.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service and 
Moneyline Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes 
any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such 
payment, to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of 
the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed; to change the currency of any 
payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend the definition of 
"Reserved Matter"; 
"Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be senior subordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali having a specified maturity date, and shall include Notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali under these Conditions that are stated in the relevant Final 
Terms to have the status of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes; 
"Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali that are expressed to be senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali having a specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Senior Notes; 
"Solvency II Directive" means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking up and pursuit of the business of 
insurance and reinsurance (solvency II) (as amended) and any applicable implementing 
provisions; 
A "Solvency Capital Event" is deemed to have occurred if: (i) there is non-compliance 
with the Solvency Capital Requirement, or the payment of interest or principal on the 
Notes would lead to such non-compliance; or (ii) any other event has occurred which,

--- Page 231 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 228 - 
47-41052088 
 
under the Applicable Regulations in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital, 
would require payment of interest or principal on the Notes to be deferred or suspended;  
"Solvency Capital Requirement" means the solo and/or group solvency capital 
requirement of the Issuer referred to, and calculated in accordance with applicable 
provisions set forth under, the Solvency II Directive and Applicable Regulations, 
provided that: 
(a) 
non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be deemed to 
have occurred if the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency 
Capital Requirement of the Issuer, whether at solo or group level, is less than 
the solo or, as the case may be, group Solvency Capital Requirement of the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
references to the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be read as references to 
the Minimum Capital Requirement where non-compliance with the Minimum 
Capital Requirement occurs before non-compliance with the Solvency Capital 
Requirement; 
"Solvency Margin" means the own funds eligible to cover Assicurazioni Generali's 
Solvency Capital Requirement and/or, as the case may be, Minimum Capital 
Requirement, in each case, as determined pursuant to the Applicable Regulations; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means any day on which 
T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons).

--- Page 232 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 229 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Tier 2 Capital" means own funds or capital resources which have the necessary 
features to be classified as Tier 2 under the Applicable Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital Requirements" means the requirements of the Lead Regulator for 
instruments to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for capital adequacy purposes in respect of the 
relevant company, either on a solo or on a consolidated basis, pursuant to the Applicable 
Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating

--- Page 233 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 230 - 
47-41052088 
 
such holder. With reference to any Note that is governed by English law, no Person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any such Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
Condition 4.1 below is applicable only to Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Dated Subordinated Notes. 
4.1 
Status – Senior Dated Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Status of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali: The 
Notes are Senior Dated Subordinated Notes and constitute unconditional and 
unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Notes rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and:  
(i) 
for so long as any Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, pari 
passu with (x) such Relevant Existing Indebtedness and (y) More Senior 
Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali;  
(ii) 
at least equally with all other Dated Subordinated Obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali which constitute, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer, and any other subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, equally with the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes;  
(iii) 
junior to any unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali (including any Senior Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali and the policyholders of Assicurazioni Generali) and, provided 
that no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, More Senior 
Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; and  
(iv) 
senior to any obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes (including 
obligations (if any) of Assicurazioni Generali under Hybrid Obligations 
of Assicurazioni Generali which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes). 
(b) 
Winding-up etc. of the Issuer: The claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes are, in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, 
liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of the Issuer subordinated to all other current and future 
unsubordinated and unprivileged claims on the Issuer and, provided that no 
Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, to all More Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Noteholders will, in the event of 
the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, only be made after all 
preferred and non-preferred unsubordinated obligations and, provided that no 
Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, obligations of the Issuer in

--- Page 234 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 231 - 
47-41052088 
 
respect of More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, in 
each case, admissible in any such winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer have 
been satisfied in full or after an arrangement or composition has been arrived at 
with them under which they have given full discharge against receipt of part of 
their claim. 
The Notes rank in priority to claims of: holders of any Hybrid Obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali that rank (or are expressed to rank) junior to the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes; holders of any other Dated 
Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali (other than Relevant 
Existing Indebtedness) to the extent that the claims of such holders rank - at the 
time of the winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer - junior to the 
Notes; and the shareholders of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
5. 
DEFERRAL OF INTEREST 
Condition 5.1 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms state that Optional Deferral of Interest is applicable. 
5.1 
Optional Deferral of Interest 
(a) 
The Issuer may elect, by giving notice to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 
5.4 (Notice of Interest Deferral) below, to defer payment of all (or, where 
Optional Deferral Conditions A apply and a partial distribution referred to in 
limb (ii) of the definition of "Optional Deferral Conditions A" below has been 
made in the relevant Look Back Period, a corresponding proportion) of the 
interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes if the Fiscal 
Agent has received written notice from the Issuer that the Optional Deferral 
Conditions are met on such Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
"Optional Deferral Conditions" means, as indicated in the Final Terms, 
Optional Deferral Conditions A or Optional Deferral Conditions B, where: 
"Optional Deferral Conditions A" shall be met on an Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
if during the Look Back Period: 
(1) 
(x) no dividend or other distribution has been declared, made or 
approved or set aside for payment in respect of any Junior 
Securities of Assicurazioni Generali; or (y) no dividend or other 
distribution has been declared, made, approved or set aside for 
payment in respect of any Parity Securities of Assicurazioni 
Generali; and 
(2) 
(x) neither Assicurazioni Generali nor any of its Subsidiaries has 
redeemed, repurchased or acquired any Junior Securities of 
Assicurazioni Generali (other than a Permitted Repurchase); or 
(y) neither Assicurazioni Generali nor any of its Subsidiaries has

--- Page 235 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 232 - 
47-41052088 
 
redeemed, repurchased or acquired any Parity Securities of 
Assicurazioni Generali; 
(ii) 
if during the Look Back Period a partial distribution has been declared, 
made, approved or set aside for payment in respect of any Parity 
Securities of Assicurazioni Generali, 
save that in the case of sub-(i) and sub-(ii) above, the Issuer shall nonetheless 
be entitled to defer interest on the Notes (and the Optional Deferral Conditions 
shall be deemed to be met) notwithstanding (a) the occurrence, during the 
relevant Look Back Period, of any of the events described at sub-(i) or sub-(ii) 
above, where in each such case the relevant occurrence was mandatory in 
accordance with, or pursuant to, the terms and conditions of the relevant security; 
(b) any dividend or distribution in the form of share capital (and, for the sake of 
clarity, not other form of Junior or Parity Securities) of any class, warrants, 
options or other rights where such dividend or relevant share capital issuable 
upon exercise of such warrants, options or other rights is the same class of share 
capital as that on which the dividend or distribution is being declared or paid or 
ranks pari passu with or junior to such class of share capital; or (c) any 
redemption, repurchase or acquisition made below par; and 
"Optional Deferral Conditions B" shall be met on an Interest Payment Date if, 
during the Look Back Period, no dividend or other distribution has been 
declared, made or approved or set aside for payment in respect of the ordinary 
shares of Assicurazioni Generali (excluding any dividend or distribution in the 
form of share capital (and, for the sake of clarity, not other form of Junior or 
Parity Securities) of any class, warrants, options or other rights where such 
dividend or relevant share capital issuable upon exercise of such warrants, 
options or other rights is the same class of share capital as that on which the 
dividend or distribution is being declared or paid or ranks pari passu with or 
junior to such class of share capital). 
"Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali" has the meaning given to such 
term in Condition 2(a) (Definitions and Interpretation – Definitions). 
"Look Back Period" means, as indicated in the Final Terms, either Look Back 
Period A or Look Back Period B, where: 
"Look Back Period A" means the 6-month (or 3-month for securities (other 
than shares) where remuneration is paid every 3 months) period prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date; or 
"Look Back Period B" means the 12-month (or 6-month or 3-month, 
respectively, for securities (other than shares) where remuneration is paid every 
6 months or 3 months, respectively) period prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Parity Securities" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 2(a) 
(Definitions and Interpretation – Definitions). 
"Permitted Repurchase" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 2(a) 
(Definitions and Interpretation – Definitions).

--- Page 236 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 233 - 
47-41052088 
 
(c) 
If the Issuer elects to defer all or part of an interest payment pursuant to this 
Condition 5.1 (Optional Deferral of Interest), it shall not have any obligation to 
make such interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date, and the 
failure to pay such interest shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other 
breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose. 
Condition 5.2 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms state that Mandatory Deferral of Interest is applicable. 
5.2 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest 
5.2.1 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event  
The Issuer shall defer payment of all of the interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital 
Event (or, in the case where the payment of interest would itself result in the 
occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, all or part of the interest amount that 
would result in such occurrence), in each case until the Solvency Capital Event 
has been remedied and any payment of Deferred Interest (as defined in 
Condition 5.3 below) would not lead to a Solvency Capital Event. 
5.2.2 
In addition, the Issuer shall defer any payment of interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date or arrears of interest if: 
(a) 
payment of the relevant interest would result in, or accelerate, the Issuer 
becoming insolvent in accordance with provisions of the relevant 
insolvency laws and rules and regulations thereunder (including any 
applicable decision of a court) applicable to the Issuer from time to time; 
or 
(b) 
the Lead Regulator notifies Assicurazioni Generali that it has 
determined that Assicurazioni Generali's financial and solvency 
condition is deteriorating in such a manner that its Solvency Margin 
would fall below the Solvency Capital Requirement in the short term, or 
otherwise orders or requires the Issuer to defer or suspend the relevant 
interest payment on the Notes. 
5.2.3 
Without prejudice to Condition 5.3 (Arrears of Interest), if the Issuer is required 
to defer all or part of an interest payment pursuant to Condition 5.2.1 
(Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event) or otherwise defers 
any payment of interest pursuant to Condition 5.2.2, it shall not have any 
obligation to make such interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
and the failure to pay such interest on such Interest Payment Date shall not 
constitute a default of the Issuer, or any other breach of obligations under the 
Conditions or for any purpose. The Issuer shall give notice of such deferral of 
interest to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.4 (Notice of Interest 
Deferral). 
5.2.4 
Notwithstanding the provisions set out in Conditions 5.2.1 and 5.2.2 above, 
interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes which the 
Issuer has deferred, or would otherwise be required to defer, upon the

--- Page 237 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 234 - 
47-41052088 
 
occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event may be paid by the Issuer if all of the 
following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the deferral of interest; 
(ii) 
the payment does not further weaken the solvency position of the Issuer 
as determined in accordance with the Applicable Regulations; and 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately 
following the payment of such interest. 
Where this Condition 5.2.4 applies, the Issuer may make the relevant interest 
payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, if later, the date following 
satisfaction of all the aforementioned conditions (which date shall be specified 
by the Issuer in the notice to the Noteholders), provided that no additional 
interest shall be due from the Issuer even if such date falls after the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
5.3 
Arrears of Interest 
(a) 
Any unpaid amounts of interest deferred pursuant to Condition 5.1 (Optional 
Deferral of Interest) and/or Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) will 
constitute arrears of interest ("Deferred Interest"). Deferred Interest shall not 
bear interest. 
(b) 
Deferred Interest: 
(i) 
may – subject to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and Condition 5.2.2 
– at the option of the Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time; and 
(ii) 
shall become due and payable on the earliest of: 
(x) 
the first Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a 
Deferred Interest Payment Event (provided that in the case of sub-
(a) of Deferred Interest Payment Event Option A, Deferred 
Interest shall become due and payable in whole or, as the case may 
be, in part pari passu and pro rata with such other pari passu 
claims) and on which mandatory deferral of interest pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and Condition 5.2.2 is not 
required; 
(y) 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase), the date fixed for any optional or 
mandatory redemption of the Notes; or 
(z) 
the date on which the Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of 
Assicurazioni 
Generali 
is 
commenced 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies or on which 
the Issuer becomes subject to a liquidation order, 
provided that the Lead Regulator has given and has not withdrawn its prior 
consent to payment of the relevant amounts (to the extent required at the time

--- Page 238 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 235 - 
47-41052088 
 
in accordance with then applicable regulations in order for the Notes to qualify 
as Tier 2 Capital). 
"Deferred Interest Payment Events" means: 
(a) 
if "Deferred Interest Payment Events Option A" is indicated in the 
Final Terms, any of the following events: 
(i) 
Assicurazioni Generali makes payment in whole or in part in 
respect of amounts of interest on or in relation to any other pari 
passu claims unless such payment is itself mandatory in 
accordance with its terms and conditions; 
(ii) 
dividends or other distributions on any Junior Securities of 
Assicurazioni Generali have been declared or paid, unless (a) 
such declaration or payment is itself mandatory in accordance 
with, or pursuant to, the terms and conditions of such security; 
or (b) such dividend or distribution is in the form of share capital 
of any class, warrants, options or other rights where such 
dividend or relevant share capital issuable upon exercise of such 
warrants, options or other rights is the same class of share capital 
as that on which the dividend or distribution is being declared or 
paid or ranks pari passu with or junior to such class of share 
capital; 
(iii) 
dividends or other distributions on any Parity Securities of 
Assicurazioni Generali have been declared or paid, unless such 
declaration, payment or distribution is itself mandatory in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of such security; 
(iv) 
any Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali are redeemed, 
repurchased or acquired by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its 
Subsidiaries, unless a Permitted Repurchase or redeemed, 
repurchased or acquired below par; 
(v) 
any Parity Securities of Assicurazioni Generali are redeemed, 
repurchased or acquired by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its 
Subsidiaries, unless redeemed, repurchased or acquired below 
par; or 
(vi) 
in relation to those Notes in respect of which the Final Terms 
state that Mandatory Deferral of Interest is applicable and the 
relevant Deferred Interest results from a mandatory deferral 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and/or Condition 
5.2.2, the Fiscal Agent receives written notice from the Issuer 
stating that the event or circumstance that gave rise to such 
deferral has been remedied; and 
(b) 
if "Deferred Interest Payment Events Option B" is indicated in the 
Final Terms, any of the following events:

--- Page 239 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 236 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
dividends or other distributions on ordinary shares of 
Assicurazioni Generali have been declared or paid, unless such 
dividend or distribution is in the form of share capital of any 
class, warrants, options or other rights where such dividend or 
relevant share capital issuable upon exercise of such warrants, 
options or other rights is the same class of share capital as that 
on which the dividend or distribution is being declared or paid 
or ranks pari passu with or junior to such class of share capital; 
(ii) 
ordinary shares of Assicurazioni Generali are redeemed, 
repurchased or acquired by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its 
Subsidiaries, unless a Permitted Repurchase; or 
(iii) 
in relation to those Notes in respect of which the Final Terms 
state that Mandatory Deferral of Interest is applicable and the 
relevant Deferred Interest results from a mandatory deferral 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and/or Condition 
5.2.2, the Fiscal Agent receives written notice from the Issuer 
stating that the event or circumstance that gave rise to such 
deferral has been remedied; 
(c) 
if "Deferred Interest Payment Events Option C" is indicated in the 
Final Terms, in relation to those Notes in respect of which the Final 
Terms state that Mandatory Deferral of Interest is applicable and the 
relevant Deferred Interest results from a mandatory deferral pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and/or Condition 5.2.2, the Fiscal 
Agent receives written notice from the Issuer stating that the event or 
circumstance that gave rise to such deferral has been remedied; and 
(d) 
if "Deferred Interest Payment Events Option D" is indicated in the 
Final Terms, dividends or other distributions on ordinary shares of 
Assicurazioni Generali have been declared or paid, unless such dividend 
or distribution is in the form of share capital of any class, warrants, 
options or other rights where such dividend or relevant share capital 
issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or other rights is the 
same class of share capital as that on which the dividend or distribution 
is being declared or paid or ranks pari passu with or junior to such class 
of share capital. 
5.4 
Notice of Interest Deferral 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices): 
(i) 
of any Interest Payment Date on which, pursuant to the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 5.1 (Optional Deferral of Interest) or Condition 5.2 
(Mandatory Deferral of Interest), interest (or, as appropriate, the part thereof 
specified in the notice) will be deferred; and 
(ii) 
of any date on which any interest amount will be paid in accordance with 
Condition 5.2.4 (if Noteholders have been previously notified of the deferral of

--- Page 240 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 237 - 
47-41052088 
 
interest), or amounts in respect of any Deferred Interest shall be paid in 
accordance with Condition 5.3 (Arrears of Interest), 
provided that in any case where interest is not paid pursuant to Condition 5.2.1 or 
Condition 5.2.2, if it is not practicable to deliver the notice of deferral referred to in 
sub-paragraph (i) above at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable thereafter; and provided 
further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the relevant deferral of 
interest. 
6. 
CONDITIONS FOR REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Any redemption of Notes on the Maturity Date or on any date fixed for optional 
redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to 
a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 
(Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option), or any 
purchase pursuant to Condition 10.15 (Purchase), is subject to (i) satisfaction of the 
Conditions for Redemption and Purchase on the relevant redemption date or waiver 
thereof in accordance with Condition 10.13 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension); and 
(ii) redemption of the Notes will not result in, or accelerate, the Issuer becoming 
insolvent in accordance with the provisions of the relevant insolvency laws and rules 
and regulations thereunder (including any applicable decision of a court) applicable to 
the Issuer from time to time. 
6.2 
In case the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 above are not satisfied, redemption of 
the Notes shall be suspended and, unless Condition 10.13 (Waiver of Redemption 
Suspension) applies: 
(a) 
the Maturity Date shall be postponed in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in Condition 10.1(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption); 
(b) 
the date fixed for optional redemption, in the case of an optional redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option), shall be postponed in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 10.12(b) (Postponement of optional redemption dates),  
in each case, regardless of any prior notice of redemption that may already have been 
delivered to the Noteholders and interest will – subject to the applicable interest deferral 
provisions of these Conditions – continue to accrue on the principal amount outstanding 
of the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 (Interest) until such Notes are redeemed 
in full pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase). 
6.3 
Failure to redeem the Notes on the original Maturity Date or the date fixed for any 
optional redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to

--- Page 241 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 238 - 
47-41052088 
 
a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), 
Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Option), in the circumstances described in Condition 6.1 above shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any 
purpose. 
6.4 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of any date on which 
redemption of the Notes is to be suspended and the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the 
date fixed for optional redemption of the Notes, will be postponed pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 above, provided that if it is not practicable to deliver such notice at least 
5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the date fixed for any 
optional redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to 
a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), 
Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Option), such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable thereafter; provided 
further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the suspension of 
redemption of the Notes. 
Condition 7 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that 
Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) applies. 
7. 
INITIAL AND POST-CALL INTEREST PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Issue Date to 
but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, 
subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Initial Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms. 
7.2 
Post-Call Interest Provisions: If the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 10.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) on (or before) the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Notes will bear interest 
for each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call) at such Rate 
of Interest (Post-Call) as will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable, subject 
as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call). 
8. 
INTEREST 
Condition 8.1 below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
8.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
8.1.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in these Conditions.

--- Page 242 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 239 - 
47-41052088 
 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
8.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable – subject to these 
Conditions – per Claculation Amount in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount 
in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payment of any Broken 
Amount will be made on the Interest Payment Date so specified in the Final 
Terms. 
8.1.3 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable – subject to 
these Conditions – in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
Condition 8.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the relevant Final Term specifies that 
Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being applicable. 
8.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
8.2.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is 
more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), 
at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.2 
Interest Basis Reset Provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the 
Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset 
Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (as will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with 
this Condition 8.2) payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.3 
Accrual of interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear

--- Page 243 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 240 - 
47-41052088 
 
interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means the benchmark rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity 
as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, 
(A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by 
the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors; or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues.

--- Page 244 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 241 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
each Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent 
by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as 
specified in the Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such 
Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying during such Reset Period 
will be determined. 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Period or, 
if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and including) one 
Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any). 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to three 
decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded down). 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(a) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate 
displayed on the Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count 
basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal 
to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
8.2.4 
Reset Rate Screen Page: if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, or the 
Mid Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to 
Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide it and the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference 
Rate at approximately the Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005

--- Page 245 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 242 - 
47-41052088 
 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 8.2.4: 
(a) 
if Option A is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
if Option B is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Reset Reference Rate that most recently appeared on the Reset Rate 
Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin 
(if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purpose of this Condition 8.2.4, "Reference Banks" means four (or, if 
the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the Reset Reference Rate and "Independent 
Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for the purpose of this Condition 
8.2.4. 
8.2.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Interest Amount payable – subject to these Conditions – on each Reset Note for 
each relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, 
as soon as practicable after the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be 
determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period) by applying the Initial Rate 
of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to the Calculation 
Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards), and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than 
one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) 
for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
Condition 8.3 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply.

--- Page 246 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 243 - 
47-41052088 
 
8.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
8.3.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
8.3.2 
Rate of Interest 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR 
Linked Interest Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes, €STR Notes or Index 
Determination (SONIA/SOFR Compounded Index) Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of each the Reference Banks to provide it 
and the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and

--- Page 247 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 244 - 
47-41052088 
 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest of such Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), be Compounded Daily SONIA plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting

--- Page 248 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 245 - 
47-41052088 
 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from,

--- Page 249 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 246 - 
47-41052088 
 
and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date or, as the 
case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which 
the floating Rate of Interest applies) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date on which such Interest Period ends (or the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or 
the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
"i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 8.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation), be:

--- Page 250 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 247 - 
47-41052088 
 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) 
if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (A). 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period). 
(v) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(C) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes

--- Page 251 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 248 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this 
Condition 8.3.2(a)(C). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday 
or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the 
number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) 
prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) below will 
apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360);

--- Page 252 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 249 - 
47-41052088 
 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period 
ends (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the

--- Page 253 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 250 - 
47-41052088 
 
relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iii) 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes

--- Page 254 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 251 - 
47-41052088 
 
from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the or Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 255 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 252 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component)

--- Page 256 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 253 - 
47-41052088 
 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) announcing that the Benchmark (or such 
component) (i) is no longer representative; (ii) has been or will 
be prohibited from being used; or (iii) its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the relevant Notes; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 257 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 254 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this sub-paragraph (iii) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised signatory 
of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, 
(y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where 
applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C); and  
(B) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C) or if the replacement 
of SOFR in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
8.3.2(a)(C) or any other amendments to these Conditions necessary to 
implement such replacement, would result, in the determination of the 
Issuer, in the current or future disqualification of the Notes as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group under the Tier 2 Capital 
Requirements, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating 
rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case 
may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the 
floating Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first (floating rate) Interest Period).

--- Page 258 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 255 - 
47-41052088 
 
(D) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the "CMS Reference 
Rate", "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate", "Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate" or "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate", the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions set out below:  
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(B) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
(c) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
where 
"Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or 
(B) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
(d) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
L x Min [Max (CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor

--- Page 259 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 256 - 
47-41052088 
 
L = Leverage 
M = Margin 
As used above: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions 
in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Margin", 
"Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide it and the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
(iii) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(D): 
"Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, 
the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, 
(ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal 
New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
as selected by the Issuer. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the 
bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each

--- Page 260 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 257 - 
47-41052088 
 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-
market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(iv) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may 
be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or the Cap or 
the Floor or the Leverage of such Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the 
first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate 
of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any Cap, Floor 
and Leverage applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(E) 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Notes 
(i) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.  
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 261 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 258 - 
47-41052088 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, 
at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or 
the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i".

--- Page 262 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 259 - 
47-41052088 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to (but excluding) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest 
Period ends or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E), 
in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement 
Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published 
by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 263 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 260 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period). 
(F) 
Floating Rate Notes which are Index Determination (SONIA/SOFR 
Compounded Index) Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 8.3.2(a)(F) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin 
(if any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or 
the SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the Start date;

--- Page 264 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 261 - 
47-41052088 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 
London Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 
and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary 
(with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA 
rate as published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as 
published at 15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published 
for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End 
date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for 
that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 8.3.2(a)(B) or Condition 
8.3.2(a)(C), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, 
and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 
8.3.2(a)(B) or Condition 8.3.2(a)(C) (as applicable) shall be deemed to 
be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and 
where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen 
Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i)

--- Page 265 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 262 - 
47-41052088 
 
(in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 8.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation) shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR 
Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 8.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination: 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.3.3 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
8.3.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified.

--- Page 266 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 263 - 
47-41052088 
 
8.3.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note for such Interest Period. The amount of interest payable – subject 
to these Conditions – in respect of any Note for any period will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
8.3.6 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3, unless defined above, 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market; and in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than 
EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major 
banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate 
("SIBOR"); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"); (iv) the Hong 
Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); (v) the bank rate of the Bank of 
England (the "Bank of England Base Rate"), in each case, for the relevant 
currency and for the relevant period (if applicable), as specified for each in the 
Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in 
the Final Terms or if none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Brussels; (ii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Singapore; 
(iii) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo; (iv) in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, Hong Kong; or (v) in the case of a determination of 
the Bank of England Base Rate, London. 
8.4 
Miscellaneous 
8.4.1 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any 
other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
8.4.2 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and 
any other amount(s) required to be determined by it and the relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent

--- Page 267 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 264 - 
47-41052088 
 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
8.4.3 
Recalculations: The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any such 
recalculation will be promptly notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
8.4.4 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8.5 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 8.3 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any required Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, (A) in 
the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded 
Index", the provisions of Condition 8.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply; and (B) in all other cases, the following provisions of this Condition 8.5 
shall apply. 
8.5.1 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 8.5.3 (Adjustment Spread) below) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8.5.4 (Benchmark 
Amendments) below). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.5 shall act in 
good faith and (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, or the

--- Page 268 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 265 - 
47-41052088 
 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 8.5.  
8.5.2 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
8.5), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, 
as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, 
etc.) below; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 8.5), with effect as 
from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the 
notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.) below.  
8.5.3 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology 
for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
8.5.4 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 8.4 
and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with applicable regulations or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related documents published by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
(subject to prior agreement with the Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, if

--- Page 269 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 266 - 
47-41052088 
 
required under the Agency Agreement) with effect from the date specified in 
such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8.5.4 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.5, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other 
amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect 
the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
of the relevant Notes as Tier 2 Capital, or otherwise result in the relevant 
authority treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may 
be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
8.5.5 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8.5 will 
be notified at least 10 Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and/or Paying 
Agents (as appropriate)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the date (or the Interest Period) from 
which the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate shall take 
effect, whether any Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate, and the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate 
signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 8.5; and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by 
the Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark

--- Page 270 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 267 - 
47-41052088 
 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent's or the 
Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.5, if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 8.5, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
8.5.6 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 8.5.1 
(Independent Adviser) to 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) 
or Condition 8.3.2(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate 
Determination) as applicable will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 8.5.5 
(Notices, etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 
(i) 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) on or before the date 
falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date (or 
Reset Determination Date) relating to the next Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not determined or adopted 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 8.5 prior to such date; or 
(iv) 
the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 8.5 or any other amendments to these Conditions 
necessary to implement such replacement, would result, in the 
determination of the Issuer, in the current or future disqualification of 
the Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group under the Tier 
2 Capital Requirements,

--- Page 271 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 268 - 
47-41052088 
 
then the Rate of Interest (or the Reset Rate of Interest) for the next Interest 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 
8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 8.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
8.5.7 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.5, unless defined above: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or (b) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with Condition 8.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4.4 
(Benchmark Amendments). 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or has ceased to 
exist as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original

--- Page 272 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 269 - 
47-41052088 
 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such 
supervisor, the Original Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market and such representativeness will not be 
restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided that notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and 
(v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six 
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not 
be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 8.5.1 (Independent Adviser). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 273 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 270 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board, the 
European Systemic Risk Board, or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTES 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 
Scheduled redemption 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will (subject 
as mentioned below) be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). 
(b) 
The redemption in accordance with this Condition 10.1 of Notes on the Maturity 
Date is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase). If the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are not satisfied, 
redemption of the Notes will be suspended and – unless Condition 10.13 
(Waiver of Redemption Suspension) applies - the Maturity Date will be 
postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
following the day on which the relevant conditions set out in Condition

--- Page 274 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 271 - 
47-41052088 
 
6.1(i) and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were not satisfied are satisfied 
(and provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of 
redemption); or 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are 
instituted in respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a 
Permitted Reorganisation) in accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) 
a resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any 
provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of 
Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 December 2131, though if this is 
extended, redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as 
applicable; or (cc) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of 
any jurisdictional or administrative authority. 
10.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned 
below) in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall – subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (including 
Deferred Interest, if applicable), if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or 
other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the application of official 
or generally published interpretation (or application or interpretation 
made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including 
the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by 
any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to 
such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously 
generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax 
treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the 
Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
(1) deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
is materially reduced for Italian income tax purposes as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws or regulations or 
applicable accounting standards of the Republic of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
as a result of any change in the application of official or generally 
published interpretation (or application or interpretation made for the 
first time) of such laws, regulations or applicable accounting standards, 
including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or 
interpretation by any competent court or authority providing for a

--- Page 275 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 272 - 
47-41052088 
 
position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that differs 
from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs 
from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in 
respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or 
clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issuance of the last 
Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such non-deductibility cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or, 
in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax 
purposes, and provided further that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 10.2 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), Condition 10.9 
(Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 
10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10.2, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts or, in the case of (B), the Issuer is or will be 
unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each case, as 
a result of such change, amendment or clarification. Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.2, the Issuer shall (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase)) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.2. 
(c) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" shall be: (i) if the Issuer's Call Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Tax Event 
occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Tax Event occurs before the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.3 below is applicable if the Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
– subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) - be irrevocable and oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the

--- Page 276 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 273 - 
47-41052088 
 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to (but excluding) such date (including Deferred Interest, if 
applicable). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 
10.3, the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase)) redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice, in accordance with this Condition 10.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with this Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10.3(a) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount 
or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(c) 
Any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.3 on the date fixed 
for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase) and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional 
redemption dates). 
Condition 10.4 is applicable if Regulatory Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
10.4 
Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event 
(a) 
If at any time Assicurazioni Generali determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to the Notes, such Notes will be 
redeemable in whole or, if the relevant Final Terms states that Partial Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event applies, in part at the option of the Issuer, 
at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) - be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory) 
together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.4 on the date fixed for 
redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase), Condition 10.9 (Redemption of Notes prior to fifth 
anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional 
redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.4, 
"Regulatory Event" means that:

--- Page 277 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 274 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
Assicurazioni Generali is no longer subject to the consolidated 
regulatory supervision of the Lead Regulator; 
(ii) 
as the result of new or amended Tier 2 Capital Requirements or any 
change by the Lead Regulator in its interpretation thereof, the Notes (or 
the Lead Regulator notifies to Assicurazioni Generali that the Notes), in 
whole or in part, no longer qualify (or can no longer be treated) as at 
least Tier 2 Capital, except where this is merely the result of exceeding 
any then applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes as own funds, or 
Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be; or  
(iii) 
the Applicable Regulations are supplemented or amended in relation to 
provisions specifically governing internationally active insurance 
groups (IAIG) and/or global systemically important insurers (G-SII) and 
where, following such supplement and/or amendment, the Notes would 
likely not (or no longer) be recognised (in whole or in part) as capital 
resources of at least the same tier pursuant to such provisions, including 
after the expiration of transitional rules, if any, except where this is 
merely the result of exceeding any then applicable limits on the 
inclusion of the Notes as capital resources. 
(c) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)" shall be: (i) if the Issuer's Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
Regulatory Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Regulatory Event occurs 
before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other 
amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.5 is applicable if Rating Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
10.5 
Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that a Rating Event has occurred with 
respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event), together with 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
(including Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.5 on the date fixed for redemption is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), 
Condition 10.9 (Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) 
and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.5, "Rating Event" shall be deemed to 
have occurred if there is a change in the rating methodology (or the 
interpretation thereof) by a recognized international statistical rating

--- Page 278 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 275 - 
47-41052088 
 
organisation as such methodology is in effect on the date when the capital 
treatment was assigned to the Notes for the first time (the "current 
methodology"), and as a consequence of such change, the capital treatment of 
the Notes by such organisation for the Issuer's group shall be amended in such 
a way that is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer materially unfavourable. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10.5, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
a written communication from the relevant international statistical rating 
organisation confirming the change in the current methodology and a certificate 
signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the 
circumstances described in the definition of "Rating Event" have occurred. 
(d) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)" shall be: (i) if the Issuer's 
Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
Rating Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Rating Event occurs 
before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other 
amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.6 is applicable if Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
10.6 
Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that an Accounting Event has occurred with 
respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so stated in 
the Final Terms, in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall – subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) – be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (including 
Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 10.6 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), 
Condition 10.9 (Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) 
and Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.6,  
an "Accounting Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (x) an opinion of a 
recognised accounting firm has been delivered to the Fiscal Agent, stating that 
as a result of any change in or amendment to Applicable Accounting Standards, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the Notes, the Issuer must not or must no longer record the obligations under 
the Notes as liabilities on its consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards; and (y) this cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and

--- Page 279 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 276 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Applicable Accounting Standards" means the accounting standards applied 
by Assicurazioni Generali for its published consolidated financial statements as 
applicable at the relevant dates and for the relevant periods. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10.6, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion of a recognised accounting firm to the effect set out under sub-
paragraph (b)(x) above. 
(d) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)" shall be: (i) if the 
Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the Accounting Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Accounting 
Event occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer's Call 
Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such 
other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.7 is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
(a) 
In the event that at least 80% (or such other percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (the "Clean-up Percentage") of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first 
Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than 
thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) redeem all, but not some 
only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up) 
together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set for redemption 
provided that the Issuer may not redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 10.7 if any Notes of the same Series have been redeemed at the Make 
Whole Amount in accordance with Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Option). 
(b) 
The "Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up)" means the amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
10.8 
Make-Whole Redemption Option 
If "Make-Whole Redemption Option" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) at any time or from time to time prior to the Maturity Date 
commencing from the Make-Whole Redemption Commencement Date specified in the 
Final Terms (each such date on which the Notes are to be so redeemed, a "Make-Whole 
Redemption Date") or during such other period as specified in the Final Terms (the 
"Make-Whole Period"), subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at the Make-Whole

--- Page 280 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 277 - 
47-41052088 
 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set 
for redemption. 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date so delayed. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the Make-Whole Amount or, if different, 
such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
10.9 
Redemption of Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date 
For so long as this is a requirement under applicable legislation at the relevant time in 
order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, any redemption pursuant 
to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating 
Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 
10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) and 
any purchase of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.15 (Purchase) may not take place 
prior to the fifth anniversary after the Issue Date, unless:  
(a) 
such redemption is (i) effected by way of exchange for, or conversion of such 
Notes into another basic own-fund item of at least the same quality; or (ii) made 
out of the proceeds of a new basic own-fund item of at least the same quality, 
provided that the exchange, conversion or redemption is subject to the approval 
of the Lead Regulator; or  
(b) 
all of the following conditions are met:  
(A) 
the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer (on a solo and 
consolidated basis) after the redemption, will be exceeded by an 
appropriate margin, taking into account the solvency position, including 
medium-term capital plan, of the Issuer (on a solo and consolidated 
basis); and 
(B) 
the circumstances are as described in point (i) or (ii): 
(i) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event), the Lead Regulator considers such a change to be 
sufficiently certain; and the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Lead Regulator that the regulatory 
reclassification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of the issuance of the most recent Tranche of the Notes;  
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), there is a change

--- Page 281 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 278 - 
47-41052088 
 
in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes which the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulatory is 
material and was not reasonable foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the most recent Tranche of the Notes; and 
(c) 
in the case of either (A) or (B), to the extent permitted under then prevailing 
Applicable Regulations, any alternative or additional pre-conditions to such 
redemption (if any) under then prevailing Applicable Regulation that need to be 
met in order for the Notes to be redeemed at such time are met. 
10.10 Make Whole Amount 
(a) 
In relation to any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating 
Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or 
Condition 10.7 (Make-Whole Redemption Option), the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Early 
Redemption Amount (Rating Event), the Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event) or, as the case may be, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount – if specified in the Final Terms to be the "Make Whole Amount" – 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher of 
(x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed; and (y) the sum of the present values of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on 
such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such 
present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 
30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 10.10: 
"FA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with 
the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption 
Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date 
is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the Notes. 
"Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event), as the case may be. 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 282 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 279 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the Final Terms or the FA Selected 
Bond. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) 
the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations 
for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
obtains fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the rate 
per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of 
the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Redemption Date. 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
each Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Redemption Date, the 
arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage 
of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on 
the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate 
amount of scheduled payment(s) of interest (assuming each such scheduled 
interest payment to be due in full) on such Note for the remaining term to (i) the 
Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final 
Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
Redemption Date. 
10.11 No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Condition 10.1 (Scheduled redemption), Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to 
a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), 
Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption 
Option).

--- Page 283 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 280 - 
47-41052088 
 
10.12 Postponement of optional redemption dates 
(a) 
Any redemption of the Notes notified to Noteholders pursuant to Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 
(Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up 
Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) shall be 
suspended (in whole or in part), and the Issuer shall not be entitled to give any 
notice of redemption pursuant to the aforementioned Conditions, if the 
conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are not satisfied. 
(b) 
Following any suspension of redemption in accordance with the provisions of 
sub-paragraph (a) above, the date originally fixed for redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or, as the case may be, Condition 
10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) shall (unless Condition 10.13 (Waiver 
of Redemption Suspension) applies) be postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following 
the day on which the relevant conditions set out in Condition 6.1(i) 
and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were not satisfied are satisfied (and 
provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of redemption); 
or 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are 
instituted in respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a 
Permitted Reorganisation) in accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) 
a resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any 
provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of 
Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 December 2131 though if this is 
extended, redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as 
applicable; or (cc) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any 
jurisdictional or administrative authority. 
10.13 Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) and of Condition 10.12 (Postponement of optional redemption dates), 
the Notes may be redeemed even though there is non-compliance with the 
Solvency Capital Requirement or redemption or repayment would lead to such 
non-compliance, where all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
all of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase are met other than 
the condition under paragraph (i) of such definition; 
(ii) 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the suspension of 
redemption of the Notes;

--- Page 284 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 281 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iii) 
the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed is replaced by at least 
equivalent capital with the consent of the Lead Regulator; and 
(iv) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the 
redemption 
(together, the "Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension"). 
(b) 
The Issuer shall give at least 5 Business Days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) informing the Noteholders of the day 
on which any redemption that has been suspended may take place following 
satisfaction of the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
have been satisfied before any suspension of redemption has been notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with these Conditions, no notice needs to be 
given by the Issuer under this Condition 10.12. 
10.14 Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date, or upon its becoming due and repayable pursuant 
to Condition 13 (Events of Default), shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
(b) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be 
made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10.12 or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
10.15 Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons are purchased therewith. Any purchase of the Notes is subject to the prior 
approval of the Lead Regulator unless such prior approval is no longer required under 
applicable legislation at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer. Any such purchase is, unless such purchase is deemed not to be a 
repayment or redemption in accordance with the Applicable Regulations, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) (where references 
therein and in Condition 10.13 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension), to redemption of 
the Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as purchases of the 
Notes) and is subject furthermore to any additional requirements under Applicable 
Regulations at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 285 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 282 - 
47-41052088 
 
10.16 Disapplication of call rights 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, at any time and in its sole 
discretion, waive any of the call rights pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 10.8 (Make-
Whole Redemption Option) (each of such call rights, an "Extraordinary Call Right") 
for a (definite or indefinite) period of time to be determined by the Issuer (the 
"Inapplicability Period") by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices). Any notice so given will be irrevocable and shall specify the 
Inapplicability Period(s) during which the Issuer shall cease to have the respective 
Extraordinary Call Right(s). 
10.17 Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, 
if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. Any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and not so surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other 
than in respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
in the manner described in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at 
the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has 
appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law.

--- Page 286 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 283 - 
47-41052088 
 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to 
the amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate 
amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the 
amount of principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse 
order of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the 
remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require 
a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons 
(or, if less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount 
of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
Condition 11(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this 
Condition 11(f) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are

--- Page 287 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 284 - 
47-41052088 
 
applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option), Condition 
10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of 
presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the 
amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other 
than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of 
the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) (Payments 
in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse 
thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is 
(or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the 
Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts on interest, premium and other income from the Notes (but 
not, unless permitted by then prevailing Applicable Regulations, principal or 
any other amount) as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required,

--- Page 288 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 285 - 
47-41052088 
 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note 
or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Italy other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-
Italian resident entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident for tax purposes in one of the countries or territories not 
allowing the Italian tax authorities to obtain appropriate information in 
respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of 
Italy (the states allowing for an adequate exchange of information with 
the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, as amended and supplemented); or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian 
individual or an Italian legal entity not carrying out commercial 
activities (in particular (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not 
carrying out commercial activities and professional associations, (B) 
public and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying 
out commercial activities, (C) real estate investment funds referred to in 
Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and (D) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities 
which have been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation which have been 
or may subsequently be enacted ("Legislative Decree No. 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth 
in Legislative Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with 
except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if 
it had presented such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 
30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time; or 
(viii) any combination of items (i) through(vii). 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to 
the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to and/or such other 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 289 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 286 - 
47-41052088 
 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occur: 
(a) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer otherwise than for the 
purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation or on terms previously approved by the 
Noteholders; 
(b) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in (a) above, 
then, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable 
at its principal amount (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the amount indicated 
at Condition 10.14 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with accrued 
interest (if any) (including Deferred Interest, if applicable) without further action or 
formality. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that:

--- Page 290 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 287 - 
47-41052088 
 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of 
which require the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental 
Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; 
MODIFICATION AND/OR EXCHANGE FOLLOWING A REGULATORY 
EVENT, TAX EVENT, RATING EVENT OR ACCOUNTING EVENT; 
SUBSTITUTION 
17.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may 
be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how 
their vote was cast at such meeting. 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali, the following provisions shall apply but are subject to compliance 
with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and applicable 
to Assicurazioni Generali from time to time: 
(A) 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative and shall be convened by either of them upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held as a single call meeting 
(assemblea in unica convocazione) ("Single Call Meeting") or as a 
multiple call meeting (i.e. each of the first, second and further call of the 
Meeting respectively and collectively, a ("Multiple Call Meeting")) if 
(i) in the case of a Single Call Meeting there are one or more persons 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of 
the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; or (ii) 
in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting, there are one or more persons

--- Page 291 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 288 - 
47-41052088 
 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding (a) at the initial 
meeting, more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, or (b) at a second meeting, more than one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (c) at a third 
meeting or any subsequent meeting, more than one fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes provided, however, that the 
quorum shall always be more than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes for the purposes of considering a 
Reserved Matter and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may 
from time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) 
require a higher (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a 
regulated market, different) quorum at any such meeting which shall be 
indicated in the Notice convening the relevant Meeting; 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any 
meeting convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for 
want of quorum) will be one or more persons holding or representing at 
least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented at the meeting, provided, however, that a Reserved Matter 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or representing 
at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time 
to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a 
larger (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated 
market, different) majority which shall be indicated in the Notice 
convening the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Noteholders' Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders' 
Representative (rappresentante comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the 
interest of Noteholders in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, such 
appointment to be made by an Extraordinary Resolution or by an order of a competent 
court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. Each such Noteholders' 
Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian 
Civil Code. 
17.3 
Modification 
These Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Lead Regulator 
(unless such approval is not required by applicable law at the relevant time in order for 
the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer). The Notes, these Conditions and 
(in case the Notes are governed by English law) the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct 
a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification of the 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments

--- Page 292 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 289 - 
47-41052088 
 
in accordance with Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation) shall not require the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Condition 17.4 below applies if the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event 
Modification Provisions or the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
17.4 
Modification and/or Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating 
Event or Accounting Event 
(a) 
Where a Regulatory Event, a Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting Event, 
which is stated in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable for the purposes 
of this Condition 17.4, has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
(A) 
where the Final Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions are applicable, modify the terms of the 
Notes to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as 
applicable, Accounting Event, would exist after such modification; or 
(B) 
in relation to Notes governed by English law only, where the Final 
Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are applicable, exchange all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for Qualifying Securities so that the relevant Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event that has 
occurred would no longer exist in relation to the Qualifying Securities, 
in each case, provided that, following such modification or, as applicable, 
exchange: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of, in the case of sub-(A) above, the Notes, as 
so modified (the "modified Notes") or, in the case of sub-(B) above, the 
Qualifying Securities, are – in the Issuer's reasonable determination after 
having consulted an independent investment bank of international 
standing - not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms 
and conditions applicable to the Notes prior to such modification or 
exchange (the "existing Notes") provided that any modification may be 
made in accordance with paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below or, as applicable, 
any exchange of existing Notes for a basic own-fund item of at least the 
same quality that meet the requirements set out in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) 
below ("Qualifying Securities"), shall not constitute a breach of this 
paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
either the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the modified 
Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities (x) continues to be the 
Issuer, or (y) is substituted in accordance with Condition 17.5 
(Substitution); and 
(iii) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities rank at least 
equal to the existing Notes prior to such modification or exchange and 
feature the same tenor, principal amount, redemption amounts, at least

--- Page 293 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 290 - 
47-41052088 
 
the same interest rates (including applicable margins), the same interest 
payment dates, first call date (if any) and any early redemption rights (if 
any) as under the existing Notes for Regulatory Event, Tax Event, 
Rating Event or Accounting Event, the same existing rights to any 
accrued interest, any Deferred Interest and any other amounts payable 
under the modified Notes or, as applicable, the Qualifying Securities, as 
the existing Notes prior to such modification or exchange and do not 
contain any terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-
down or conversion into ordinary shares; and 
(iv) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities continue to 
be listed on a regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EC) of an internationally 
recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the 
existing Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory 
Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event), 
and provided further that: 
(1) 
Assicurazioni Generali obtains approval of the proposed 
modification or exchange from the Lead Regulator (unless such 
approval is no longer required by applicable law at the relevant 
time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is required to 
be given) to the Lead Regulator and, following the expiry of all 
relevant statutory time limits, the Lead Regulator is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed 
modification or exchange; 
(2) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to a change in 
any published rating of the existing Notes in effect at such time 
(to the extent the existing Notes were rated prior to the 
occurrence of such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event 
or, as applicable, Accounting Event); 
(3) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to any right on 
the part of the Issuer to exercise any option to redeem the 
modified Notes or the Qualifying Securities that does not already 
exist prior to such modification or exchange, without prejudice 
to the provisions under Condition 10.3 (Redemption and 
purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
(4) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, 
substantially in the form shown in the Agency Agreement, 
signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating 
that conditions (i) to (iv) and (1) to (3) above have been complied 
with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders; and 
(5) 
in the case of any proposed modifications or an exchange owing 
to a Tax Event, the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent an 
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised

--- Page 294 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 291 - 
47-41052088 
 
standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the 
proposed modifications or exchange. 
(b) 
In connection with any modification or exchange as indicated in this Condition 
17.4, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
The following Condition 17.5 shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that the 
Substitution Provisions are applicable to the Notes and only to Notes governed by 
English law. 
17.5 
Substitution 
(a) 
Any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing 
under the laws of its jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
but with the prior written approval of Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (the "Substituted Debtor"), 
provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the 
Substituted Debtor and, to the extent necessary, Assicurazioni Generali 
and the other parties to the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant, as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the 
"Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) 
pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of 
each Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) to be bound by these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been 
named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Assicurazioni 
Generali. An unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee 
substantially in the form annexed to the Agency Agreement shall be 
executed by Assicurazioni Generali whereby Assicurazioni Generali 
shall guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and each Accountholder 
the payment of all sums payable by the substituted Debtor as such 
principal debtor substantially to the extent of, and in the terms specified 
in, the form of deed of guarantee annexed to the Agency Agreement 
(such guarantee is referred to in this Condition 17.5 as the "Substitution 
Guarantee" and such guarantor as the "Guarantor"); 
(ii) 
the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee shall contain a warranty 
and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (a) that 
each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and the giving of such Substitution Guarantee, (b) that each 
of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor of its 
obligations under the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (c) 
that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor are legal, valid and binding in accordance with their

--- Page 295 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 292 - 
47-41052088 
 
respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and each 
Accountholder (subject to all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or 
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and 
general equitable principles); 
(iii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from whom 
copies will be available to Noteholders (and if applicable 
Accountholders) (a) from lawyers of recognised standing as to matters 
of law of the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the Substituted 
Debtor confirming that upon the substitution taking place (1) the 
requirements of this Condition 17.5, save as to the giving of notice to 
the Noteholders, have been met, (2) the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor (subject to all applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of 
creditors' rights generally and general equitable principles), (3) the 
Substituted Debtor is validly incorporated under the laws of its 
jurisdiction, and (4) that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
substitution and for the entry into and performance of the Documents 
and (b) from the legal counsel to the Guarantor confirming that upon the 
substitution taking place, (1) the Substitution Guarantee and the 
Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Guarantor, (2) the Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform the 
obligations to be assumed by the Guarantor in the Documents and the 
Substitution Guarantee, and (3) the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the entry into 
and the performance of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee; 
(iv) 
each Rating Agency shall have confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, 
Assicurazioni Generali and the Fiscal Agent that after giving effect to 
such substitution and the giving of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes 
shall (to the extent they were rated by such rating agency prior to the 
substitution) continue to be rated the same as immediately prior to the 
substitution; 
(v) 
no right of redemption pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase), any of the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee would 
become applicable on or as a result of such substitution; 
(vi) 
the appropriate regulatory authorities in Luxembourg shall have 
confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni Generali and the 
Fiscal Agent that, after giving effect to such substitution and the giving 
of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall continue to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (provided that the relevant Notes were 
so listed prior to such substitution); and 
(vii) 
a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor, signed by two 
directors of the Substituted Debtor shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 296 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 293 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions as 
referred to in paragraph (a) above; (A) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed 
to be named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as 
the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (and, where the context requires, 
references to Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as the issuer of the Notes 
will be replaced by references to the Substituted Debtor as the issuer of the 
Notes) and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the foregoing as well as 
all other amendments incidental to such substitution, and (B) the Issuer shall be 
released from all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Counterparts of each of the Documents (which shall include the Conditions 
amended and restated to give effect to the substitution) and the Substitution 
Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as 
any of the Notes remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against 
the Substituted Debtor or the Guarantor by any Noteholder or Accountholder in 
relation to the Notes, the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and 
the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee the right of every Noteholder and Accountholder to the production 
of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee for the enforcement of any of 
the Notes, Documents or Substitution Guarantee. 
(d) 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee, the Substituted Debtor together with the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) (or 
if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe) or, if the Notes which are listed or admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the

--- Page 297 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 294 - 
47-41052088 
 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States 
dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that English 
law is applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, except that provisions concerning the status of 
the Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali are governed by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. Condition 17.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant 
provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders of 
Assicurazioni Generali and the appointment of a Noteholders' Representative 
(rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to

--- Page 298 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 295 - 
47-41052088 
 
hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not 
to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to the person or persons for 
the time being registered at the Companies Register under Parts 34 and 37 of 
the Companies Act 2006 and authorised to accept service of process in England 
on behalf of the Issuer. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed 
to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the 
written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This clause 
applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder 
to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law 
is applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of Milan shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to 
hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not 
to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall 
not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
(e) 
Waiver of trial by jury: Without prejudice to the remaining paragraphs of this 
Condition 22, the Issuer waives any right it may have to a jury of trial or cause

--- Page 299 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 296 - 
47-41052088 
 
of action in connection with the Agency Agreement and the Notes. These 
Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
(f) 
Italian Civil Code: The Notes do not have the benefit of Article 1186 of the 
Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, Article 1819 of the Italian Civil 
Code.

--- Page 300 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 297 - 
47-41052088 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RESTRICTED TIER 1 NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes, will be 
applicable to each Tranche of Restricted Tier 1 Notes. These Terms and Conditions, as so 
completed, shall be endorsed on each Restricted Tier 1 Note in definitive form issued under the 
Programme.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Restricted Tier 1 Note in global form will differ 
from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Restricted Tier 1 Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. ("Assicurazioni Generali") (the 
"Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms 
and conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (the "Conditions") are issued in 
series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the 
"Final Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer may also issue Senior Notes pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes (the "Senior Conditions"), Tier 
3 Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes (the "Tier 3 
Conditions") and Tier 2 Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 
2 Notes (the "Tier 2 Conditions").  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by English law are the subject of an issue and paying agency 
agreement that is governed by English law; and the Notes that are stated in the 
relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law are the subject of an issue 
and paying agency agreement that is governed by Italian law, in each case, dated 
30 May 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agent 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant 
Final Terms are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the

--- Page 301 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 298 - 
47-41052088 
 
Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, 
talons for further Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accounting Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event); 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Applicable Regulations" means the solvency margin, regulatory capital or capital 
regulations introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable to Assicurazioni 
Generali (including for the purpose of any capital requirements or provisions of 
regulatory laws applicable from time to time with respect to internationally active 
insurance groups (IAIGs) and global systemically important insurers (G-SIIs) or 
equivalent designation), which set out, inter alia, the Tier 1 Capital Requirements 
(including the Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
of 10 October 2014 supplementing the Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019 and any other applicable laws, legislation, 
rules and regulations as well as regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards adopted in relation thereto, together with (to the extent applied by 
the Lead Regulator) published interpretation, guidance or guidelines of the foregoing) 
and, where the context requires, legislation on the recovery and resolution of 
(re)insurance undertakings introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable 
to Assicurazioni Generali; 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means:

--- Page 302 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 299 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 303 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 300 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Calculation Agent" means (i) the Fiscal Agent or (ii) the Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Conditions for Redemption and Purchase" means each of the following conditions: 
(i) 
no Solvency Capital Event has occurred and/or is continuing, and such 
redemption would not itself result in a Solvency Capital Event;  
(ii) 
the prior approval of the Lead Regulator has been obtained and such approval 
continues to be valid and effective at the relevant date;  
(iii) 
if and to the extent required under then Applicable Regulations in order for the 
Notes to be treated as regulatory capital, where any insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking included in the scope of group supervision of the Issuer under the 
Applicable Regulations (a "Relevant Undertaking") is subject to a Relevant 
Proceeding (as defined below) at the time of the proposed redemption, all claims 
owed by the Relevant Undertaking to its policyholders and beneficiaries have 
been met; and 
(iv) 
to the extent required under then prevailing Applicable Regulations, any 
alternative or additional pre-condition to redemption or purchase of the Notes 
are met, 
unless, in each case, such Condition for Redemption is no longer a requirement under 
the Applicable Regulations at such time in order for the Notes to be recognised in the 
determination of own funds. 
For the purposes of sub-(iii) above, "Relevant Proceeding" means the winding-up of 
a Relevant Undertaking under applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the Relevant 
Undertaking in circumstances where the assets of the Relevant Undertaking (in the 
reasonable determination of the Issuer) may or will be insufficient to meet all amounts 
which, under applicable legislation or rules relating to the winding-up of insurance 
companies, the policyholders and beneficiaries are entitled to receive pursuant to a 
contract of insurance or reinsurance of the Relevant Undertaking. 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time; 
"Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies" means Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 209 of 7 September 2005, as amended from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made

--- Page 304 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 301 - 
47-41052088 
 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 305 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 302 - 
47-41052088 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 306 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 303 - 
47-41052088 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
"Distributable Items" means, with respect to and as at any Interest Payment Date (and 
any other date on which interest is due to be paid on the Notes), without double-
counting, an amount equal to: (i) retained earnings and distributable reserves of the 
Issuer, calculated on an unconsolidated basis, as at the last calendar day of then most 
recently ended financial year of the Issuer; plus (ii) the interim retained earnings (if any) 
of the Issuer, calculated on an unconsolidated basis, for the period from the Issuer's then 
latest financial year end to (but excluding) such date; less (iii) the interim net loss (if 
any) of the Issuer, calculated on an unconsolidated basis, for the period from the Issuer's 
then latest financial year end to (but excluding) such date, each as defined under 
national law, or in the by-laws of the Issuer and subject as otherwise specified from 
time to time in the Applicable Regulations;  
"Distributions" means any kind of payment of dividends or interest; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Full Loss Absorbing Instrument" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Write-
Down); 
"Further Write-Down" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal Loss 
Absorption – Write-Down); 
"Generali Finance" means Generali Finance B.V., which has merged with and 
incorporated into Assicurazioni Generali following the Generali Finance Merger;  
"Generali Finance Merger" means the merger of Generali Finance with, and its 
incorporation into, Assicurazioni Generali with effect as of 9 April 2018; 
"Generali Perpetual Notes" means any existing or future direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with no specified maturity date or 
with a maturity date linked to the duration of Assicurazioni Generali; 
"Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali" means Generali Perpetual Notes and 
any other obligation of Assicurazioni Generali (including obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali in respect of undated subordinated notes issued by Generali Finance specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as "More Deeply Subordinated Notes" in respect of which 
Assicurazioni Generali has replaced, by operation of law, Generali Finance as issuer 
following the Generali Finance Merger) from time to time expressed by its terms to 
rank pari passu with Generali Perpetual Notes;

--- Page 307 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 304 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Initial Interest Payment Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Initial Write-Down" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal Loss 
Absorption – Write-Down); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable – subject to these Conditions – in respect of that Note for that Interest 
Period; 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"IVASS" means the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni, the Italian supervisory 
body for insurance; 
"Junior Securities" means (A) all classes of share capital (including preference shares 
– azioni privilegiate – and savings shares – azioni di risparmio, if any) of Assicurazioni 
Generali; (B) any obligation, including preferred securities, guarantees or similar 
instruments issued by Assicurazioni Generali which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
junior to the Notes; and (C) any guarantee or similar instrument from Assicurazioni 
Generali, ranking, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Notes, covering the preferred

--- Page 308 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 305 - 
47-41052088 
 
securities or preferred or preference shares issued by a Subsidiary of Assicurazioni 
Generali; 
"Lead Regulator" means IVASS, or any successor entity of IVASS, or any other 
competent lead regulator to which Assicurazioni Generali becomes subject and, where 
the context requires, any authority (if different) having responsibility for the recovery 
and resolution of the Issuer or the Group under applicable legislation; 
"Legislative Decree No. 239" has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
"Linear Write-Down Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal 
Loss Absorption – Write-Down); 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa 
as described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law or Articles 245 ff of 
the Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies, as the case may be; 
"Loss Absorbing Instrument" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal 
Loss Absorption – Write-Down); 
"Loss Absorbing Written Down Instrument" has the meaning given in Condition 
10.2 (Principal Loss Absorption – Write-Down); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital Requirement" means the minimum capital requirement (and, 
where applicable, the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement) 
referred to, and calculated in accordance with, applicable provisions set forth under, the 
Solvency II Directive and Applicable Regulations, where non-compliance with the 
Minimum Capital Requirement shall be deemed to have occurred if the amount of own 
fund items eligible to cover the Minimum Capital Requirement of the Issuer, on a solo 
or, where applicable, consolidated basis, is less than the Minimum Capital Requirement 
of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means 
subordinated notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be more 
senior subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with a specified maturity date, 
and shall include notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes; 
"Observation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Original Principal Amount" means, in respect of a Note or, as the case may be, a 
Loss Absorbing Instrument, the principal amount of such Note or, as the case may be,

--- Page 309 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 306 - 
47-41052088 
 
Loss Absorbing Instrument, as of the Issue Date or the issue date of the Loss Absorbing 
Instrument, as applicable;  
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
demerger, consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer (or, in the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such 
assets and undertaking) are vested in a body corporate in good standing and such body 
corporate (i) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) liability as principal debtor in 
respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the business of the Issuer 
as reported in the Issuer's most recently published audited financial statements 
immediately prior to such amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation or restructuring; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Prevailing Principal Amount" means, in respect of a Note or, as the case may be, a 
Loss Absorbing Instrument, on any date, the Original Principal Amount of such Note 
or, as the case may be, Loss Absorbing Instrument as reduced from time to time (on 
one or more occasions, as applicable) pursuant to a write-down and/or as reinstated 
from time to time (on one or more occasions, as applicable) pursuant to a write-up (in 
each case, howsoever defined), in each case being effective on or prior to such date; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 310 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 307 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms, and if the relevant Final Term specifies that: (A) Change of 
interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean (a) for 
each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Initial 
Rate of Interest; and (b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), the Rate of Interest (Post-Call); or (B) Reset Notes provisions are 
applicable, shall mean (a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the First Reset Date, 
the Initial Rate of Interest; and (b) for each Interest Period after the First Reset Date, 
the relevant Reset Rate; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody's Investors Service Ltd and/or Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and/or AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (or their respective 
affiliates) and/or any other rating agency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, and any 
of their respective successors; 
"Rating Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.5 (Redemption and Purchase 
- Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Interest); 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regulatory Event" has the meaning given in Condition 9.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event);

--- Page 311 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 308 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in Condition 8.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service and 
Moneyline Telerate Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes 
any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or the date for any such payment, to 
effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; to change the currency of any payment under the 
Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend the definition of "Reserved 
Matter"; 
"Reset Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes); 
"Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be senior subordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali having a specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme that are stated in the relevant Final 
Terms to have the status of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes; 
"Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali" means notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali that are expressed to be senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali having a specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued 
by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Senior Notes; 
"Solvency II Directive" means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking up and pursuit of the business of 
insurance and reinsurance (solvency II) (as amended) and any applicable implementing 
provisions; 
A "Solvency Capital Event" is deemed to have occurred if: (i) there is non-compliance 
with the Solvency Capital Requirement, or the payment of interest or principal on the

--- Page 312 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 309 - 
47-41052088 
 
Notes would lead to such non-compliance; or (ii) any other event has occurred which, 
under the Applicable Regulations in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 1 Capital, 
would require payment of interest or principal on the Notes to be cancelled or, as the 
case may be, suspended;  
"Solvency Capital Requirement" means the solo and/or group solvency capital 
requirement of the Issuer referred to, and calculated in accordance with applicable 
provisions set forth under, the Solvency II Directive and Applicable Regulations, 
provided that: 
(a) 
non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be deemed to 
have occurred if the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency 
Capital Requirement of the Issuer, whether at solo or group level, is less than 
the solo or, as the case may be, group Solvency Capital Requirement of the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
references to the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be read as references to 
the Minimum Capital Requirement where non-compliance with the Minimum 
Capital Requirement occurs before non-compliance with the Solvency Capital 
Requirement; 
"Solvency Margin" means the own funds eligible to cover Assicurazioni Generali's 
Solvency Capital Requirement and/or, as the case may be, Minimum Capital 
Requirement, in each case, as determined pursuant to the Applicable Regulations; 
"Solvency Ratio" means, from time to time, the ratio between (x) own fund items 
eligible to meet the Solvency Capital Requirement or the Minimum Capital 
Requirement of the Issuer, on a solo or group basis; and (y) the Solvency Capital 
Requirement or the Minimum Capital Requirement of the Issuer, on a solo or group 
basis. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system;

--- Page 313 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 310 - 
47-41052088 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" or "TARGET Business Day" means any day on which 
T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of 
Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
"Tier 1 Capital" means own funds or capital resources which have the necessary 
features to be classified as Tier 1 under the Applicable Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means own funds or capital resources which have the necessary 
features to be classified as Tier 2 under the Applicable Regulations; 
"Tier 3 Capital" means own funds or capital resources which have the necessary 
features to be classified as Tier 3 under the Applicable Regulations; 
"Tier 1 Capital Requirements" means the requirements of the Lead Regulator for 
instruments to qualify as Tier 1 Capital for capital adequacy purposes in respect of the 
relevant company, either on a solo or on a consolidated basis, pursuant to the Applicable 
Regulations;  
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended;  
"Trigger Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10.1 (Principal Loss Absorption 
- Trigger Event); 
"Write-Down" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal Loss Absorption – 
Write-Down); 
"Write-Down Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal Loss 
Absorption – Write-Down); 
"Write-Down Effective Date" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal 
Loss Absorption – Write-Down); 
"Write-Up" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal Loss Absorption – 
Write-Down);  
"Write-Down Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal Loss 
Absorption – Write-Down); and 
"Write-Up Effective Date" has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Principal Loss 
Absorption – Write-Down). 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(ii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;

--- Page 314 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 311 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iii) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Prevailing Principal 
Amount and, where the context requires to the extent permitted under the 
Applicable Regulations, any additional amounts in respect of principal which 
may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect 
of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(iv) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(vi) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder. With reference to any Note that is governed by English law, no Person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any such Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
4.1 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and:  
(i) 
at least equally with (aa) Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali for so 
long as they continue to constitute (or would but for any applicable limitation 
on the amount of such capital constitute) Tier 1 Capital; and (bb) all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute (or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute) Tier 1 Capital, 
including as a result of grandfathering; 
(ii) 
junior to (aa) any unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali (including any Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali 
and the policyholders of Assicurazioni Generali); (bb) obligations (if any) of 
Assicurazioni Generali under Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of

--- Page 315 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 312 - 
47-41052088 
 
Assicurazioni Generali and More Senior Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali, and any other subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of 
such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer, including 
as a result of grandfathering; and (cc) any instruments listed in sub-(i) above 
that no longer constitute Tier 1 Capital and any other subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer other than those that rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with 
or junior to, the Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to any obligations of the Issuer in respect of (aa) Junior Securities; and 
(bb) any other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
4.2 
Winding-up etc. of the Issuer: The claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes are, in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer 
subordinated to all other current and future unsubordinated and unprivileged claims on 
the Issuer and (subject to any mandatory provisions of law to the contrary), all other 
subordinated obligations ranking senior thereto pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Status) 
above and/or pursuant to mandatory provisions of law. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Noteholders will, in the event of the 
winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, only be made after all preferred and non-preferred 
unsubordinated obligations and (subject to any mandatory provisions of law to the 
contrary) all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking senior thereto pursuant 
to Condition 4.1 (Status) above and/or pursuant to mandatory provisions of law, in each 
case, admissible in any such winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter 
alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, have been satisfied in full or 
after an arrangement or composition has been arrived at with them under which they 
have given full discharge against receipt of part of their claim. 
4.3 
Waiver: Each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
5. 
CANCELLATION OF INTEREST 
5.1 
Optional Cancellation of Interest 
(a) 
The Issuer may elect, at its sole and absolute discretion, by giving notice to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.4 (Notice of Interest Cancellation) below, 
to cancel payment of all (or some only) of the interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
If the Issuer elects to cancel all or part of an interest payment pursuant to this 
Condition 5.1 (Optional Cancellation of Interest), it shall not have any 
obligation to make such interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
and the failure to pay such interest shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or 
any other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose.

--- Page 316 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 313 - 
47-41052088 
 
This sub-paragraph (c) is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the relevant Final 
Term states that Condition 5.1(c) is applicable. 
(c) 
To the extent permitted by the Applicable Regulations, if (i) a Regulatory Event 
has occurred and is continuing in respect of the Notes and (ii) the Notes are fully 
excluded from the Issuer's own fund items but the Issuer has not exercised its 
option to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due 
to a Regulatory Event), the Issuer shall not exercise its discretion under this 
Condition 5.1 to cancel accrued interest on the Notes (in whole or in part) for 
so long as such Regulatory Event continues. 
5.2 
Mandatory Cancellation of Interest 
5.2.1 
The Issuer shall cancel payment of all of the interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital 
Event (or, in the case where the payment of interest would itself result in the 
occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, all or part of the interest amount that 
would result in such occurrence). 
5.2.2 
In addition, the Issuer shall cancel any payment of interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date if: 
(a) 
payment of the relevant interest would result in, or accelerate, the Issuer 
becoming insolvent in accordance with provisions of the relevant 
insolvency laws and rules and regulations thereunder (including any 
applicable decision of a court) applicable to the Issuer from time to time; 
or 
(b) 
the Lead Regulator notifies Assicurazioni Generali that it has 
determined that Assicurazioni Generali's financial and solvency 
condition is deteriorating in such a manner that its Solvency Margin 
would fall below the Solvency Capital Requirement in the short term, or 
otherwise orders or requires the Issuer to cancel the relevant interest 
payment on the Notes;  
(c) 
the amount of the relevant interest payment, when aggregated with any 
additional amounts referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) payable with 
respect thereto, interest payments or distributions which have been paid 
and made (or are scheduled to be paid or made simultaneously) on shares 
and on other instruments on which Distributions may only be made from 
Distributable Items (excluding any such payments which do not reduce 
the Distributable Items and any payments, scheduled payments or 
accruals already accounted for by way of deduction in determining the 
Distributable Items) since the end of the last financial year to (and 
including) such Interest Payment Date, would exceed the amount of 
Distributable Items available on such Interest Payment Date. 
5.2.3 
If the Issuer is required to cancel all or part of an interest payment pursuant to 
Condition 5.2.1 or otherwise cancels any payment of interest pursuant to 
Condition 5.2.2, it shall not have any obligation to make such interest payment 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date, and the failure to pay such interest on 
such Interest Payment Date shall not constitute a default of the Issuer, or any

--- Page 317 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 314 - 
47-41052088 
 
other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose. The Issuer 
shall give notice of such cancellation of interest to the Noteholders pursuant to 
Condition 5.4 (Notice of Interest Cancellation) which shall include, in the case 
of a mandatory cancellation pursuant to Condition 5.2.2(c) above, details of the 
available Distributable Items. 
5.2.4 
Notwithstanding the provisions set out in Conditions 5.2.1 and 5.2.2 above, 
interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes which the 
Issuer would otherwise be required to cancel, upon the occurrence of a Solvency 
Capital Event may be paid by the Issuer if all of the following conditions are 
met: 
(i) 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the cancellation of interest; 
(ii) 
the payment does not further weaken the solvency position of the Issuer 
as determined in accordance with the Applicable Regulations; and 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately 
following the payment of such interest. 
Where this Condition 5.2.4 applies, the Issuer may make the relevant interest payment 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, if later, the date following satisfaction of all 
the aforementioned conditions (which date shall be specified by the Issuer in the notice 
to the Noteholders), provided that no additional interest shall be due from the Issuer 
even if such date falls after the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
5.3 
Full flexibility; interest non-cumulative; no restrictions on the Issuer  
(a) 
The Issuer has full discretion at all times to cancel interest accrued on the Notes 
for an unlimited period and on a non-cumulative basis, and any unpaid amounts 
of interest cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.1 (Optional Cancellation of 
Interest) and/or Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Cancellation of Interest) shall be 
irrevocably cancelled and shall not accumulate or be payable at any time 
thereafter, and the Noteholders shall have no right thereto. The Issuer may use 
the cancelled interest payments without restriction to meet its obligations as 
they fall due. 
(b) 
The payment by the Issuer of interest or distributions on any other own fund 
item (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Applicable Regulations) 
does not impose any obligation on the Issuer to pay interest on the Notes. 
(c) 
The non-payment of interest on the Notes that has been cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 5.1 (Optional Cancellation of Interest) and/or Condition 5.2 
(Mandatory Cancellation of Interest): (i) does not constitute an event of default 
of the Issuer, or any other breach of obligations under these Conditions or for 
any purpose; (ii) impose any obligation on the Issuer to substitute the cancelled 
interest payment by a payment in any other form; and (iii) does not impose any 
other restrictions on the Issuer. 
5.4 
Notice of Interest Cancellation 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice (setting out the reason(s) 
for the relevant cancellation of interest) to the Paying Agents and to the Noteholders in

--- Page 318 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 315 - 
47-41052088 
 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of any Interest Payment Date on which, 
pursuant to the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 5.1 (Optional Cancellation of 
Interest) or Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Cancellation of Interest), interest (or, as 
appropriate, the part thereof specified in the notice) will be cancelled, provided that in 
any case where interest is not paid pursuant to Condition 5.1 or Condition 5.2, if it is 
not practicable to deliver the notice of cancellation at least 5 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable 
thereafter; and provided further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate 
the relevant cancellation of interest. 
6. 
CONDITIONS FOR REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Any redemption of Notes on any date fixed for optional redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional 
Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or any 
purchase pursuant to Condition 9.12 (Purchase), is subject to (i) satisfaction of the 
Conditions for Redemption and Purchase on the relevant redemption date or waiver 
thereof in accordance with Condition 9.11 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension); and (ii) 
redemption of the Notes will not result in, or accelerate, the Issuer becoming insolvent 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant insolvency laws and rules and 
regulations thereunder (including any applicable decision of a court) applicable to the 
Issuer from time to time. 
6.2 
In case the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 above are not satisfied, redemption of 
the Notes shall be suspended and, unless Condition 9.11 (Waiver of Redemption 
Suspension) applies, the date fixed for optional redemption pursuant to Condition 9.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 
(Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event) or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option), shall be postponed 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 9.10(b) (Postponement of 
optional redemption dates), in each case, regardless of any prior notice of redemption 
that may already have been delivered to the Noteholders and interest will – subject to 
the applicable interest cancellation provisions of these Conditions – continue to accrue 
on the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 
(Interest) until such Notes are redeemed in full pursuant to Condition 9 (Redemption 
and Purchase). 
6.3 
Failure to redeem the Notes on the date fixed for any optional redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional 
Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option), in 
the circumstances described in Condition 6.1 above shall not constitute a default of the 
Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose. 
6.4 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of any date on which 
redemption of the Notes is to be suspended and the date fixed for optional redemption 
of the Notes will be postponed pursuant to Condition 6.2 above, provided that if it is

--- Page 319 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 316 - 
47-41052088 
 
not practicable to deliver such notice at least 5 Business Days prior to the date fixed for 
any optional redemption pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or 
Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option), such notice shall be delivered as soon as 
practicable thereafter; provided further that failure to deliver such notice shall not 
invalidate the suspension of redemption of the Notes. 
Condition 7 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that 
Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) applies. 
7. 
INITIAL AND POST-CALL INTEREST PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Issue Date to 
but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) on their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, on a non-cumulative basis, at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as 
provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Initial Interest Payment Date(s) specified 
in the Final Terms. 
7.2 
Post-Call Interest Provisions: If the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 9.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
on (or before) the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Notes will bear interest on their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, on a non-cumulative basis, for each Interest Period falling 
after the Optional Redemption Date (Call) at such Rate of Interest (Post-Call) as will 
be indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable, subject as provided in these 
Conditions, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call). 
8. 
INTEREST 
Condition 8.1 below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
8.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
8.1.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) on their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, on a non-cumulative basis, at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in these Conditions. Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Prevailing Principal Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such

--- Page 320 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 317 - 
47-41052088 
 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
8.1.2 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable – subject to these 
Conditions – per Calculation Amount in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. Payment of any Broken 
Amount will be made on the Interest Payment Date so specified in the Final 
Terms. 
8.1.3 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable – subject to 
these Conditions – in respect of each Note for any period shall be calculated by 
applying the relevant Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such 
Note during such Interest Period, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
Condition 8.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the relevant Final Term specifies that 
Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being applicable. 
8.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
8.2.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is 
more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), 
on their Prevailing Principal Amount, on a non-cumulative basis, at the Initial 
Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.2 
Interest Basis Reset Provisions: The Notes will bear interest on their Prevailing 
Principal Amount, on a non-cumulative basis, in respect of the Reset Period (or, 
if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset Period thereafter) 
at the relevant Reset Rate (as will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 8.2) 
payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.3 
Accrual of interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Prevailing 
Principal Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
As used in these Conditions:

--- Page 321 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 318 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means the benchmark rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity 
as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, 
(A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and 
lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by 
the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors; or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
each Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent 
by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 322 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 319 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as 
specified in the Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such 
Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying during such Reset Period 
will be determined. 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms, which 
corresponds to the margin used to determine the Initial Rate of Interest. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the 
first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date. 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to three 
decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded down). 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(A) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate 
displayed on the Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
or 
(B) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count 
basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal 
to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
8.2.4 
Reset Rate Screen Page: if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, or the 
Mid Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to 
Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide it and the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference 
Rate at approximately the Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 8.2.4: 
(a) 
if Option A is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 323 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 320 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
if Option B is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be the 
Reset Reference Rate that most recently appeared on the Reset Rate 
Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin 
(if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purpose of this Condition 8.2.4, "Reference Banks" means four (or, if 
the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the Reset Reference Rate and 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for the 
purpose of this Condition 8.2.4. 
8.2.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Interest Amount payable – subject to these Conditions – on each Reset Note for 
each relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, 
as soon as practicable after the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be 
determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period), by applying the Initial Rate 
of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to the Principal 
Prevailing Amount of such Note during such Interest Period, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards), and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be aggregate of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Condition 8.3 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in 
respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
8.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
8.3.1 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date (or the applicable Interest Payment Date) on their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, on a non-cumulative basis, at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in these Condition. Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Prevailing Principal Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the

--- Page 324 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 321 - 
47-41052088 
 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
8.3.2 
Rate of Interest 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR 
Linked Interest Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes, €STR Notes or Index 
Determination (SONIA/SOFR Compounded Index) Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of each the Reference Banks to provide it 
and the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified

--- Page 325 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 322 - 
47-41052088 
 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest of such Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), be Compounded Daily SONIA plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 326 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 323 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date or, as the 
case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which 
the floating Rate of Interest applies) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date on which such Interest Period ends (or the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable);

--- Page 327 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 324 - 
47-41052088 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or 
the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
"i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 8.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or

--- Page 328 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 325 - 
47-41052088 
 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) 
if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (A). 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period). 
(v) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(C) 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this 
Condition 8.3.2(a)(C).

--- Page 329 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 326 - 
47-41052088 
 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday 
or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the 
number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) 
prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) below will 
apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological

--- Page 330 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 327 - 
47-41052088 
 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period 
ends (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or

--- Page 331 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 328 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iii) 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the or Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and

--- Page 332 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 329 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time;

--- Page 333 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 330 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the

--- Page 334 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 331 - 
47-41052088 
 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark or 
such component) announcing that the Benchmark (or such 
component) (i) is no longer representative; (ii) has been or will 
be prohibited from being used; or (iii) its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the relevant Notes; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, determined under this sub-paragraph (iii) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect.

--- Page 335 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 332 - 
47-41052088 
 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised signatory 
of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, 
(y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where 
applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C); and  
(B) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(C) or if the replacement 
of SOFR in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
8.3.2(a)(C) or any other amendments to these Conditions necessary to 
implement such replacement, would result, in the determination of the 
Issuer, in the current or future disqualification of the Notes as Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group under the Tier 1 Capital 
Requirements, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating 
rate) Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case 
may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the 
floating Rate of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(D) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the "CMS Reference 
Rate", "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate", "Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate" or "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate", the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions set out below:

--- Page 336 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 333 - 
47-41052088 
 
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(B) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
(c) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
where 
"Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or 
(B) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; 
C} 
(d) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
L x Min [Max (CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M = Margin 
As used above:

--- Page 337 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 334 - 
47-41052088 
 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions 
in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Margin", 
"Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide it and the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
(iii) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(D): 
"Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, 
the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, 
(ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal 
New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
as selected by the Issuer. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the 
bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and

--- Page 338 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 335 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-
market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(iv) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may 
be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or the Cap or 
the Floor or the Leverage of such Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Cap, Floor and/or Leverage (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first (floating rate) Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the 
first Interest Payment Date commencing from which the floating Rate 
of Interest applies) (including applying the Margin and any Cap, Floor 
and Leverage applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest Period). 
(E) 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Notes 
(i) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.  
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where:

--- Page 339 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 336 - 
47-41052088 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, 
at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or 
the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 340 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 337 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment Date commencing 
from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) to (but excluding) the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest 
Period ends or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E), 
in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement 
Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published 
by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be

--- Page 341 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 338 - 
47-41052088 
 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first (floating rate) Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first (floating 
rate) Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, as the case may be, the first Interest Payment 
Date commencing from which the floating Rate of Interest applies) 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first (floating rate) Interest 
Period). 
(F) 
Floating Rate Notes which are Index Determination (SONIA/SOFR 
Compounded Index) Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 8.3.2(a)(F) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin 
(if any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or 
the SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined;

--- Page 342 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 339 - 
47-41052088 
 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 
London Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 
and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary 
(with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA 
rate as published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as 
published at 15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published 
for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End 
date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for 
that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 8.3.2(a)(B) or Condition 
8.3.2(a)(C), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, 
and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 
8.3.2(a)(B) or Condition 8.3.2(a)(C) (as applicable) shall be deemed to 
be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and 
where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen 
Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) 
(in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 8.5 
(Benchmark discontinuation) shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR 
Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the

--- Page 343 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 340 - 
47-41052088 
 
provisions of Condition 8.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.3.3 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
8.3.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
8.3.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period. The amount of interest payable – subject to these

--- Page 344 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 341 - 
47-41052088 
 
Conditions – in respect of any Note for any period will be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of such Note during such Interest Period, multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
8.3.6 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3, unless defined above, 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market; and in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than 
EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major 
banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Rate" means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate 
("SIBOR"); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"); (iv) the Hong 
Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"); (v) the bank rate of the Bank of 
England (the "Bank of England Base Rate"), in each case, for the relevant 
currency and for the relevant period (if applicable), as specified for each in the 
Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in 
the Final Terms or if none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Brussels; (ii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Singapore; 
(iii) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo; (iv) in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, Hong Kong; or (v) in the case of a determination of 
the Bank of England Base Rate, London. 
8.4 
Miscellaneous 
8.4.1 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any 
other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
8.4.2 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and 
any other amount(s) required to be determined by it and the relevant payment 
date(s), to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Noteholders.

--- Page 345 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 342 - 
47-41052088 
 
8.4.3 
Recalculations: The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period or if one or 
more Write-Up(s) has occurred during the relevant Interest Period in accordance 
with Condition 10.4 (Principal Loss Absorption - Write-Up) below. Any such 
recalculation will be promptly notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
In the event that one or more Write-Up(s) has occurred during an Interest Period 
in accordance with Condition 10.4 (Write-Up), the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the amount of interest payable – subject to these Conditions – on the 
Notes for each period within such Interest Period during which a different 
Prevailing Principal Amount subsists (each such period being, for the purposes 
of this Condition 8.4.3, a "Relevant Calculation Period"), with each Relevant 
Calculation Period commencing on (and including) a Write-Up Effective Date 
(or, as the case may be, the first day of such Interest Period) and ending on (and 
excluding) a Write-Up Effective Date (or, as the case may be, the last day of 
such Interest Period). The amount of interest payable – subject to these 
Conditions – in respect of each Note: 
(A) 
for each Relevant Calculation Period shall be calculated by applying the 
applicable Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such 
Note during such period, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards); and 
(B) 
for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest 
calculated in accordance with paragraph (A) in respect of each of the 
Relevant Calculation Periods comprised in such Interest Period.  
8.4.4 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8.5 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 8.3 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any required Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, (A) in 
the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded 
Index", the provisions of Condition 8.3.2(a)(C)(iii) (SOFR Benchmark Replacement) 
shall apply; and (B) in all other cases, the following provisions of this Condition 8.5 
shall apply.

--- Page 346 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 343 - 
47-41052088 
 
8.5.1 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 8.5.3 (Adjustment Spread) below) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8.5.4 (Benchmark 
Amendments) below). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.5 shall act in 
good faith and (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 8.5.  
8.5.2 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
8.5), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, 
as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, 
etc.) below; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 8.5), with effect as 
from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the 
notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.) below.  
8.5.3 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology 
for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
8.5.4 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 8.5 
and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that

--- Page 347 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 344 - 
47-41052088 
 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with applicable regulations or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related documents published by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
(subject to prior agreement with the Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, if 
required under the Agency Agreement) with effect from the date specified in 
such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8.5.4 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.5, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other 
amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect 
the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
of the relevant Notes as Tier 1 Capital. 
8.5.5 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8.5 will 
be notified at least 10 Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and/or Paying 
Agents (as appropriate)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the date (or the Interest Period) from 
which the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate shall take 
effect, whether any Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate, and the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate 
signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 8.5; and

--- Page 348 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 345 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by 
the Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent's or the 
Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.5, if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 8.5, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
8.5.6 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 8.5.1 
(Independent Adviser) to 8.5.5 (Notices, etc.), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) 
or Condition 8.3.2.(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate 
Determination) as applicable will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 8.5.5 
(Notices, etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 
(i) 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) on or before the date 
falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date (or 
Reset Determination Date) relating to the next Interest Period; or

--- Page 349 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 346 - 
47-41052088 
 
(iii) 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not determined or adopted 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 8.5 prior to such date; or 
(iv) 
the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 8.5 or any other amendments to these Conditions 
necessary to implement such replacement, would result, in the 
determination of the Issuer, in the current or future disqualification of 
the Notes as Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group under the Tier 
1 Capital Requirements, 
then the Rate of Interest (or the Reset Rate of Interest) for the next Interest 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 
8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 8.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
8.5.7 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.5, unless defined above: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or (b) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the Issuer determines, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with Condition 8.5.2 (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.5.4 
(Benchmark Amendments).

--- Page 350 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 347 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or has ceased to 
exist as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such 
supervisor, the Original Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market and such representativeness will not be 
restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided that notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and 
(v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six 
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not 
be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 8.5.1 (Independent Adviser).

--- Page 351 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 348 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board, the 
European Systemic Risk Board, or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 
No specified maturity date 
(a) 
The Notes are perpetual securities in respect of which there is no maturity date. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event) and Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option), in each case, if 
applicable, the Notes will become immediately due and payable at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount together with (to the extent that such interest has 
not been cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) accrued interest by the 
Issuer on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings 
are instituted in respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a 
Permitted Reorganisation) in accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) a 
resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any provision of the 
by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of Assicurazioni Generali is set at 
31 December 2131 though if this is extended, redemption of the Notes will be 
equivalently adjusted), as applicable; or (cc) any applicable legal provision, or 
any decision of any jurisdictional or administrative authority. 
(b) 
The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of Noteholders. 
(c) 
Any redemption of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.1 is subject to 
prior approval of the Lead Regulator (if so required).

--- Page 352 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 349 - 
47-41052088 
 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned 
below) in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall - subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be 
irrevocable), at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with (to the extent 
that such interest has not been cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or 
other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the application of official 
or generally published interpretation (or application or interpretation 
made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including 
the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by 
any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to 
such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously 
generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax 
treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the 
Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
(1) deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
is materially reduced for Italian income tax purposes as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws or regulations or 
applicable accounting standards of the Republic of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
as a result of any change in the application of official or generally 
published interpretation (or application or interpretation made for the 
first time) of such laws, regulations or applicable accounting standards, 
including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or 
interpretation by any competent court or authority providing for a 
position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that differs 
from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs 
from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in 
respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or 
clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issuance of the last 
tranche of the Notes; and (2) such non-deductibility cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or, 
in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax 
purposes,

--- Page 353 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 350 - 
47-41052088 
 
and provided further that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 9.2 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), Condition 9.8 
(Redemption and Purchase of Notes prior to or between the fifth and tenth 
anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 9.10 (Postponement of optional 
redemption dates). 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
9.2, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts or, in the case of (B), the Issuer is or will be 
unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each case, as 
a result of such change, amendment or clarification. Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9.2, the Issuer shall (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase)) redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.2. 
Condition 9.3 below is applicable if the Issuer's Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 
(Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be irrevocable and oblige the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such 
notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date), at their Prevailing Principal 
Amount plus (to the extent that such interest has not been cancelled in 
accordance with these Conditions) accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) 
such Optional Redemption Date. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 9.3, the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase)) redeem the Notes or, 
as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice, in accordance with this 
Condition 9.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with this Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as 
the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9.3(a) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount 
or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then

--- Page 354 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 351 - 
47-41052088 
 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(c) 
Any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 9.3 on the date fixed 
for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase), Condition 9.8 (Redemption and Purchase of Notes 
prior to or between the fifth and tenth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 9.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
Condition 9.4 is applicable if Regulatory Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
9.4 
Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event 
(a) 
If at any time Assicurazioni Generali determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to the Notes, such Notes will be 
redeemable in whole or, if the relevant Final Terms states that Partial Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event applies, in part at the option of the Issuer, 
at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) - be irrevocable), at their Prevailing Principal Amount together with 
(to the extent that such interest has not been cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions) interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, provided that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 9.4 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase), Condition 9.7 
(Redemption and Purchase of Notes prior to or between the fifth and tenth 
anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 9.10 (Postponement of optional 
redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.4, 
"Regulatory Event" means that: 
(i) 
Assicurazioni Generali is no longer subject to the consolidated 
regulatory supervision of the Lead Regulator; or 
(ii) 
as the result of new or amended Tier 1 Capital Requirements or any 
change by the Lead Regulator in its interpretation thereof, the Notes (or 
the Lead Regulator notifies to Assicurazioni Generali that the Notes), in 
whole or in part, no longer qualify (or can no longer be treated) as at 
least Tier 1 Capital, except where this is merely the result of exceeding 
any then applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes as own funds, or 
Tier 1 Capital, as the case may be; or  
(iii) 
the Applicable Regulations are supplemented or amended in relation to 
provisions specifically governing internationally active insurance 
groups (IAIG) and/or global systemically important insurers (G-SII) and 
where, following such supplement and/or amendment, the Notes would 
likely not (or no longer) be recognised (in whole or in part) as capital 
resources of at least the same tier (or the highest tier available for

--- Page 355 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 352 - 
47-41052088 
 
subordinated debt instruments) pursuant to such provisions, including 
after the expiration of transitional rules, if any, except where this is 
merely the result of exceeding any then applicable limits on the 
inclusion of the Notes as capital resources. 
Condition 9.5 is applicable if Rating Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
9.5 
Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that a Rating Event has occurred with 
respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) - be 
irrevocable), at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with (to the extent 
that such interest has not been cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, 
provided that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 9.5 on the 
date fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions 
for Redemption and Purchase), Condition 9.7 (Redemption and Purchase of 
Notes prior to or between the fifth and tenth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 9.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.5, "Rating Event" shall be deemed to have 
occurred if there is a change in the rating methodology (or the interpretation 
thereof) by a recognized international statistical rating organisation as such 
methodology is in effect on the date when the capital treatment was assigned to 
the Notes for the first time (the "current methodology"), and as a consequence 
of such change, the capital treatment of the Notes by such organisation for the 
Issuer's group shall be amended in such a way that is, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Issuer materially unfavourable. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
9.5, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
a written communication from the relevant international statistical rating 
organisation confirming the change in the current methodology and a certificate 
signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the 
circumstances described in the definition of Rating Event have occurred. 
Condition 9.6 is applicable if Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
9.6 
Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that an Accounting Event has occurred with 
respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so stated in 
the Final Terms, in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall – subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) – be irrevocable), at

--- Page 356 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 353 - 
47-41052088 
 
their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with (to the extent that such interest 
has not been cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) any interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, provided that any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.6 on the date fixed for 
redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase), Condition 9.7 (Redemption and Purchase of Notes 
prior to or between the fifth and tenth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 9.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.6,  
an "Accounting Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (x) an opinion of a 
recognised accounting firm has been delivered to the Fiscal Agent, stating that 
as a result of any change in or amendment to Applicable Accounting Standards, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the Notes, the Issuer must not or must no longer record the obligations under 
the Notes as liabilities on its consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards; and (y) this cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
"Applicable Accounting Standards" means the accounting standards applied 
by Assicurazioni Generali for its published consolidated financial statements as 
applicable at the relevant dates and for the relevant periods. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
9.6, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion of a recognised accounting firm to the effect set out under sub-
paragraph (b)(x) above. 
Condition 9.7 is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
9.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
(a) 
In the event that at least 80% (or such other percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (the "Clean-up Percentage") of the Original Principal 
Amount of the Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any additional 
Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of 
a particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the 
Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty (30) 
nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding 
Notes at their Prevailing Principal Amount together with (to the extent that such 
interest has not been cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) any interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date set for redemption. 
(b) 
Any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 9.7 on the date fixed 
for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase), Condition 9.7 (Redemption and Purchase of Notes 
prior to or between the fifth and tenth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 9.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates).

--- Page 357 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 354 - 
47-41052088 
 
9.8 
Redemption and Purchase of Notes prior to or between the fifth and tenth 
anniversary from Issue Date 
9.8.1 
For so long as this is a requirement under applicable legislation at the relevant 
time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, any 
redemption pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due to 
an Accounting Event) or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option), and any 
purchase of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9.12 (Purchase), may not take 
place prior to the fifth anniversary after the Issue Date, unless:  
(A) 
such redemption is (i) effected by way of exchange for, or conversion of 
such Notes into another basic own-fund item of at least the same quality; 
or (ii) made out of the proceeds of a new basic own-fund item of at least 
the same quality, provided that the exchange, conversion or redemption 
is subject to the approval of the Lead Regulator; or  
(B) 
all of the following conditions are met:  
(a) 
the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer (on a solo and 
consolidated basis) after the redemption, will be exceeded by an 
appropriate margin, taking into account the solvency position, 
including medium-term capital plan, of the Issuer (on a solo and 
consolidated basis); and 
(b) 
the circumstances are as described in point (i) or (ii): 
(i) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event), the Lead Regulator considers such a 
change to be sufficiently certain; and the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulator 
that the regulatory reclassification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the 
most recent Tranche of the Notes;  
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), there is 
a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes 
which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Lead Regulatory is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the most recent 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(C) 
in the case of either (A) or (B), to the extent permitted under then 
prevailing Applicable Regulations, any alternative or additional pre-
conditions to such redemption (if any) under then prevailing Applicable 
Regulation that need to be met in order for the Notes to be redeemed at 
such time are met.

--- Page 358 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 355 - 
47-41052088 
 
9.8.2 
For so long as this is a requirement under applicable legislation at the relevant 
time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, any 
redemption pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event) Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event) or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option) after the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date and before the tenth anniversary of the Issue Date 
can only take place if the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer (on a solo 
and consolidated basis) after the redemption, will be exceeded by an appropriate 
margin, taking into account the solvency position, including medium-term 
capital plan, of the Issuer (on a solo and consolidated basis), unless such 
redemption is (i) effected by way of exchange for, or conversion of such Notes 
into another basic own-fund item of at least the same quality; or (ii) made out 
of the proceeds of a new basic own-fund item of at least the same quality, 
provided that the exchange, conversion or redemption is subject to the approval 
of the Lead Regulator. 
9.9 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional 
Redemption due to an Accounting Event), or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option). 
9.10 
Postponement of optional redemption dates 
(a) 
Any redemption of the Notes notified to Noteholders pursuant to Condition 9.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 
(Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up 
Call Option) shall be suspended (in whole or in part), and the Issuer shall not 
be entitled to give any notice of redemption pursuant to the aforementioned 
Conditions, if the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are not satisfied. 
(b) 
Following any suspension of redemption in accordance with the provisions of 
sub-paragraph (a) above, the date originally fixed for redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating 
Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or, as 
the case may be, Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option) shall (unless Condition 
9.11 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension) applies) be postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following 
the day on which the relevant conditions set out in Condition 6.1(i) 
and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were not satisfied are satisfied (and 
provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of redemption); 
or

--- Page 359 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 356 - 
47-41052088 
 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are 
instituted in respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a 
Permitted Reorganisation) in accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) 
a resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any 
provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of 
Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 December 2131 though if this is 
extended, redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as 
applicable; or (cc) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any 
jurisdictional or administrative authority. 
9.11 
Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) and of Condition 9.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates), 
the Notes may be redeemed even though there is non-compliance with the 
Solvency Capital Requirement or redemption or repayment would lead to such 
non-compliance, where all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
all of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase are met other than 
the condition under paragraph (i) of such definition; 
(ii) 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the suspension of 
redemption of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed is replaced by at least 
equivalent capital with the consent of the Lead Regulator; and 
(iv) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the 
redemption 
(together, the "Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension"). 
(b) 
The Issuer shall give at least 5 Business Days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) informing the Noteholders of the day 
on which any redemption that has been suspended may take place following 
satisfaction of the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
have been satisfied before any suspension of redemption has been notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with these Conditions, no notice needs to be 
given by the Issuer under this Condition 9.11. 
9.12 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons are purchased therewith. Any purchase of the Notes is subject to the prior 
approval of the Lead Regulator unless such prior approval is no longer required under 
applicable legislation at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer. Any such purchase is, unless such purchase is deemed not to be a 
repayment or redemption in accordance with the Applicable Regulations, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and Purchase) (where references 
therein and in Condition 9.11 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension) to redemption of the

--- Page 360 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 357 - 
47-41052088 
 
Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as purchases of the 
Notes) and is subject furthermore to any additional requirements under Applicable 
Regulations at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 1 Capital of 
the Issuer. 
9.13 
Disapplication of call rights 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, at any time and in its sole 
discretion, waive any of the call rights pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event), Condition 9.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event), or Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option) (each of such call rights, an 
"Extraordinary Call Right") for a (definite or indefinite) period of time to be 
determined by the Issuer (the "Inapplicability Period") by notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). Any notice so given will be irrevocable and 
shall specify the Inapplicability Period(s) during which the Issuer shall cease to have 
the respective Extraordinary Call Right(s). 
9.14 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, 
if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. Any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and not so surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
10. 
PRINCIPAL LOSS ABSORPTION 
10.1 
Trigger Event 
10.1.1 If at any time a Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Lead 
Regulator (unless occurrence of the Trigger Event has been determined by the 
Lead Regulator) and shall deliver a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable (a "Trigger Event Notice").  
The Trigger Event Notice shall specify (inter alia) the Write-Down Amount and 
the Write-Down Effective Date. If the Write-Down Amount and/or Write-Down 
Effective Date has not yet been determined on the date the Trigger Event Notice 
is delivered, or if there is any change to the amount and/or the date previously 
notified, the Issuer shall deliver a further notice to the Lead Regulator and the 
Noteholders to specify the Write-Down Amount and/or Write-Down Effective 
Date (or the change thereto) as soon as practicable after the date of delivery of 
the Trigger Event Notice. 
10.1.2 A "Trigger Event" shall be deemed to have occurred, at any time, if the Issuer 
or the Lead Regulator determines that:

--- Page 361 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 358 - 
47-41052088 
 
(i) 
the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or group basis) is equal to or less than 75% of 
the Solvency Capital Requirement (on a solo or, as the case may be, 
group basis); 
(ii) 
the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Minimum Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or group basis) is equal to or less than the 
Minimum Capital Requirement (on a solo or, as the case may be, group 
basis); or 
(iii) 
the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or group basis) is less than the Solvency Capital 
Requirement (on a solo or, as the case may be, group basis) for a 
continuous period of three months from the date when non-compliance 
with the Solvency Capital Requirement was first observed. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Trigger Event has occurred, the 
Solvency Capital Requirement, the Minimum Capital Requirement and the 
amount of eligible own-fund items may be calculated at any time based on the 
latest values (whether or not published) available to the management of the 
Issuer and/or the Lead Regulator, including information reported by the Issuer 
internally pursuant to applicable reporting and monitoring procedures. Such 
determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Noteholders. The Trigger Event Notice delivered to the Agent shall be 
accompanied by a certificate signed by a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer 
certifying the occurrence of a Trigger Event. Such certificate, which shall also 
be made available to the Noteholders, shall be treated and accepted by the Agent, 
the Noteholders and other interested parties, as correct and sufficient evidence 
thereof and shall be conclusive and binding upon all such persons. Any final 
determination of the relevant Write-Down Amount by the Lead Regulator shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be treated and accepted by the Agent, the 
Noteholders and other interested parties as correct and shall be conclusive and 
binding upon all such persons. 
10.1.3 A Trigger Event may occur on one or more occasions and the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Note may be written-down in accordance with this 
Condition 10 on more than one occasion, including where a Further Write-
Down of the Notes takes place after an Initial Write-Down (each such term as 
defined in Condition 10.2.5(D) below) following a further deterioration of the 
Solvency Capital Requirement, provided that the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of a Note may never be reduced to below the smallest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency. For the purposes of this Condition 10, a "sub-unit" means, in the case 
of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency; and in the case of euro, 
one cent, as determined by Applicable Regulations.  
10.1.4 Any failure to deliver (or delay in the delivery of) the Trigger Event Notice or 
to give any other notifications to the Noteholders in connection with any Write-
Down of the Notes shall not in any way affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise 
invalidate or prejudice, such Write-Down or give the Holders any rights, or 
entitlement to compensation or penalties, as a result of such failure or delay.

--- Page 362 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 359 - 
47-41052088 
 
10.2 
Write-Down 
10.2.1 Following the occurrence of a Trigger Event: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall - unless Condition 10.3 (Waiver of Write-Down) applies 
– write-down the Notes, without delay and without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, with effect as from (and 
including) the Write-Down Effective Date (each, a "Write-Down") by 
an amount corresponding to the Write-Down Amount; and  
(ii) 
any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes through to (and including) 
the Write-Down Effective Date shall be automatically cancelled and 
shall not be due and payable; and from (and including) the Write-Down 
Effective Date, interest on the Notes shall accrue on their Principal 
Prevailing Amount as reduced by the Write-Down Amount (subject to 
any subsequent Write-Down(s) or Write-Up(s)). 
"Write-Down Effective Date" means the date, selected by the Issuer, on which 
a Write-Down will take effect. 
10.2.2 Each Write-Down of the Notes shall be made on the following basis: 
(i) 
the Notes shall – in circumstances where a Write-Down of each Note to 
the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency is not required – be 
written-down on a pro-rata basis on the basis of their Prevailing 
Principal Amount immediately prior to such Write-Down;  
(ii) 
where appropriate and subject to compliance with the Applicable 
Regulations, each Write-Down of the Notes shall take place on a pro-
rata basis with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down 
or conversion into equity of other Loss Absorbing Instruments that 
contain similar principal loss absorbency mechanisms, on the basis of 
their respective Prevailing Principal Amounts, provided that:  
(A) 
any failure by the Issuer to write-down or convert into equity any 
other Loss Absorbing Instrument on a pro-rata basis with the 
Write-Down of these Notes will not affect the effectiveness, or 
otherwise invalidate, the Write-Down of these Notes or give the 
Noteholders any rights against, or entitlement to compensation 
from, the Issuer; and any write-down or conversion into equity 
of other Loss Absorbing Instrument that is not effective shall not 
be taken into account in determining the Write-Down Amount 
of the Notes;  
(B) 
if the terms of any other Loss Absorbing Instrument provide for 
their write-down or conversion into equity in full and not in part 
only 
(the 
"Full 
Loss 
Absorbing 
Instruments"), 
in 
circumstances where a Write-Down of these Notes to the 
smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency is not required: 
(x) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of these Notes shall 
be effected on a pro-rata basis with the write-down or

--- Page 363 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 360 - 
47-41052088 
 
conversion into equity of the Full Loss Absorbing 
Instruments shall not be construed as to require the Notes 
to be written-down in full (except for the floor of the 
smallest sub-unit) simply by virtue of the fact that such 
Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down or 
converted into equity in full;  
(y) 
for the purposes of determining the Write-Down Amount, 
the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be treated as if 
their terms permitted partial write-down or conversion, 
such that the write-down or conversion of such Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall be deemed to occur in two 
stages: firstly, the principal amount of such Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down or 
converted on a pro-rata basis with the Notes and all other 
Loss Absorbing Instruments; and secondly, any residual 
principal amount of such Full Loss Absorbing 
Instruments shall be written-down or converted, with the 
effect of further increasing the Solvency Ratio. 
10.2.3 Following a Write-Down, the Noteholders shall automatically and irrevocably 
lose their rights to receive, and shall no longer have any rights against the Issuer 
with respect to, repayment of the Write-Down Amount (whether in winding-up 
of the Issuer or upon redemption of the Notes), without prejudice to their rights 
in respect of any principal amount reinstated pursuant to Condition 10.4 
(Write-Up). 
10.2.4 Any Write-Down of the Notes does not constitute an event of default or a breach 
of the Issuer's obligations or duties or failure to perform by the Issuer in any 
manner whatsoever, and shall not entitle the Noteholders to demand penalties 
or any other compensation or to petition for the insolvency, winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
10.2.5 The Write-Down Amount shall be determined by the Issuer as follows: 
(A) 
if a Trigger Event has occurred in the circumstances described in point 
(iii) of the definition of Trigger Event and a partial Write-Down of these 
Notes would be sufficient to re-establish full compliance with the 
Solvency Capital Requirement, the Write-Down Amount shall 
correspond to the amount that – together with the concurrent (or 
substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity of other 
Loss Absorbing Instruments as a result of the Solvency Ratio having 
fallen below the applicable trigger level of such instrument – would be 
sufficient to re-establish compliance with the Solvency Capital 
Requirement; 
(B) 
if a Trigger Event has occurred in the circumstances described in point 
(iii) of the definition of Trigger Event and a partial Write-Down of these 
Notes would not be sufficient to re-establish full compliance with the 
Solvency Capital Requirement, the Write-Down Amount shall 
correspond to the Linear Write-Down Amount;

--- Page 364 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 361 - 
47-41052088 
 
(C) 
if a Trigger Event has occurred in the circumstances described in point 
(i) or (ii) of the definition of Trigger Event, the Write-Down Amount 
shall correspond to the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Note to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency; 
(D) 
following a Write-Down made in accordance sub-paragraph (B) above 
(the "Initial Write-Down"): 
(x) 
if a Trigger Event subsequently occurs in the circumstances 
described in point (i) or (ii) of the definition of Trigger Event, the 
Write-Down Amount shall correspond to the amount necessary 
to reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note to the 
smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency; 
(y) 
if, by the end of a period of three months commencing from the 
date of the Trigger Event that resulted in the Initial Write-Down, 
no Trigger Event has occurred in the circumstances described in 
point (i) or (ii) of the definition of Trigger Event but the Solvency 
Ratio has deteriorated further, a further Write-Down of the Notes 
shall be made in accordance with sub-paragraph (B) to reflect 
that further deterioration in the Solvency Ratio (each such Write-
Down being a "Further Write-Down"), provided that a Further 
Write-Down shall be made for each subsequent deterioration in 
the Solvency Ratio at the end of each subsequent period of three 
months until the Issuer has re-established compliance with the 
Solvency Capital Requirement; or 
(E) 
in any case, at such time and/or in such (other) amount as may be 
approved or determined by the Lead Regulator in its sole and absolute 
discretion in accordance with the Applicable Regulations 
(the "Write-Down Amount"). 
"Linear Write-Down Amount" means the amount, calculated by the Issuer, 
that would reflect a write-down of the Notes on a linear basis such as to result 
in each Note being written down: 
(x) 
to a Prevailing Principal Amount corresponding to the smallest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency, if the then prevailing coverage of the 
Solvency Capital Requirement was at or below 75%; and  
(y) 
by a Write-Down Amount corresponding to zero, if the then prevailing 
coverage of the Solvency Capital Requirement was 100% or above, 
taking into account, for the purposes of calculating the then prevailing coverage 
of the Solvency Capital Requirement, the concurrent (or substantially 
concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity of other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (if any) and the latest available values of the Solvency Ratio. 
"Loss Absorbing Instrument" means at any time any instrument (other than 
the Notes) issued by the Issuer or any member of the Group which at such time

--- Page 365 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 362 - 
47-41052088 
 
is subject to utilization and conversion into equity or utilization and write-down 
(as applicable) of the Prevailing Principal Amount thereof (in accordance with 
its terms or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Solvency Ratio 
falling below a specified level. 
10.3 
Waiver of Write-Down 
10.3.1 Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 10.2 (Write-Down), a Write-Down 
of the Notes will not be required if all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the Trigger Event occurs in the circumstances described in point (iii) of 
the definition of Trigger Event; 
(ii) 
there have been no previous Trigger Event(s) in the circumstances 
described in points (i) or (ii) of the definition of Trigger Event;  
(iii) 
the Lead Regulator has agreed exceptionally to waive a write-down of 
the Notes on the basis of: (x) projections provided to the Lead Regulator 
when the Issuer submits the recovery plan required by Article 138(2) of 
the Solvency II Directive that demonstrate that a write-down of the 
Notes would be very likely to give rise to a tax liability that would have 
a significant adverse effect on the solvency position of the Issuer (on a 
solo or, as applicable, group basis); and (y) a certificate issued by the 
Issuer's statutory or independent auditors certifying that all of the 
assumptions used in the projections are realistic; 
(iv) 
any additional conditions required to be satisfied under then Applicable 
Regulations in order for a Write-Down of the Notes to be waived 
(together, the "Conditions for Waiver of Write-Down"). 
10.3.2 In case a Trigger Event Notice has already been delivered to the Noteholders, 
the Issuer shall deliver a further notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) to inform the Noteholders that the relevant write-down 
has been waived following satisfaction of the Conditions for Waiver of Write-
Down.  
10.3.3 For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer is able to ascertain immediately 
satisfaction of the Conditions for Waiver of Write-Down following the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event in the circumstances described in point (iii) of 
the definition of Trigger Event, no Trigger Event Notice needs to be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders under Condition 10.1 (Trigger Event) above. 
10.4 
Write-Up 
10.4.1 For so long as the Notes remain written down, the Issuer may, at its discretion, 
write-up the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes up to a maximum of the 
Original Principal Amount (each, a "Write-Up"), in an amount corresponding 
to the Write-Up Amount, provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
no Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing, or would occur as a 
result of such Write-Up (either alone or together with the write-up of 
other Loss Absorbing Written Down Instruments);

--- Page 366 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 363 - 
47-41052088 
 
(ii) 
prior approval of the Lead Regulator has been obtained (if such approval 
is required under the then prevailing Applicable Regulations); 
(iii) 
compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement has been re-
established; 
(iv) 
the Write-Up is not activated by reference to own fund items issued or 
increased in order to restore compliance with the Solvency Capital 
Requirement; and 
(v) 
the Write-Up occurs on the basis of profits which contribute to 
Distributable Items made subsequent to compliance with the Solvency 
Capital Requirement, in a manner that does not undermine the loss 
absorbency intended by Article 71(5), or hinder recapitalisation as 
required by Article 71(1)(d), of the Solvency II Regulation. 
10.4.2 A Write-Up may occur on one or more occasions until the Prevailing Principal 
Amount of the Notes have been reinstated to the Original Principal Amount. 
10.4.3 A Write-Up of these Notes shall be operated at the full discretion of the Issuer, 
subject to the approval (if required) of the Lead Regulator, and there shall be no 
obligation for the Issuer to operate or accelerate any Write-Up under specific 
circumstances. Any decision by the Issuer to effect, or not to effect, a Write-Up 
on any occasion shall not oblige the Issuer to effect, or prevent the Issuer from 
effecting, a Write-Up on any other occasion pursuant to this Condition 10.4.  
10.4.4 If the Issuer exercises its discretion to effect a Write-Up in accordance with and 
subject to the limits of this Condition 10.4, it shall give a notice thereof to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) specifying the Write-
Up Amount (which shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders) and the 
date such Write-Up shall take effect (the "Write-Up Effective Date"). 
10.4.5 On the Write-Up Effective Date and provided that all requisite conditions for a 
write-up of the Notes continue to be satisfied, the Issuer may write-up the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Notes by the Write-Up Amount. 
10.4.6 Each Write-Up of the Notes shall be made on the following basis: 
(i) 
each Note shall be written-up on a pro-rata basis with all other Notes; 
(ii) 
the Write-Up shall take place with effect as of the date of the Write-Up 
Effective Date; and 
(iii) 
from (and including) the Write-Up Effective Date, interest on the Notes 
shall accrue on their Prevailing Principal Amount as written-up by the 
Write-Up Amount (subject to any subsequent Write-Down(s) or Write-
Up(s)). 
10.4.7 The Issuer shall endeavour that each Write-Up of the Notes will take place on a 
pro-rata basis with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-up of 
other Loss Absorbing Written Down Instruments with similar write-up 
provisions to those contained in these Conditions, on the basis of their respective 
Prevailing Principal Amounts, provided however that any failure by the Issuer

--- Page 367 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 364 - 
47-41052088 
 
to write-up these Notes on at least a pro-rata basis with the write-up of any other 
Loss Absorbing Written Down Instruments shall not constitute any default by, 
and will not give the Noteholders any rights against, or entitlement to 
compensation from, the Issuer. 
"Loss Absorbing Written Down Instrument" means any Loss Absorbing Instrument 
whose principal amount outstanding has been written down in accordance with its terms. 
"Write-Up Amount" means the amount determined by the Issuer at its discretion, by 
which the Notes are to be written-up with effect as of the Write-Up Effective Date in 
accordance with and subject to the limits of Condition 10.4 and the Applicable 
Regulations.  
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other 
than in respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
in the manner described in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at 
the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has 
appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments.

--- Page 368 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 365 - 
47-41052088 
 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to 
the amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate 
amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the 
amount of principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse 
order of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the 
remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require 
a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons 
(or, if less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount 
of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided 
in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this 
Condition 11(f) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event), Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 13 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still 
attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of

--- Page 369 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 366 - 
47-41052088 
 
presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the 
amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other 
than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of 
the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) (Payments 
in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse 
thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is 
(or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the 
Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts on interest, premium and other income from the Notes (but 
not, unless permitted by then prevailing Applicable Regulations, principal or 
any other amount) as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note 
or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Italy other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-
Italian resident entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident for tax purposes in one of the countries or territories not

--- Page 370 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 367 - 
47-41052088 
 
allowing the Italian tax authorities to obtain appropriate information in 
respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of 
Italy (the states allowing for an adequate exchange of information with 
the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, as amended and supplemented); or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian 
individual or an Italian legal entity not carrying out commercial 
activities (in particular (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not 
carrying out commercial activities and professional associations, (B) 
public and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying 
out commercial activities, (C) real estate investment funds referred to in 
Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and (D) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities 
which have been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation which have been 
or may subsequently be enacted ("Legislative Decree No. 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth 
in Legislative Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with 
except where such requirements and procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if 
it had presented such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 
30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time; or 
(viii) any combination of items (i) through (vii). 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to 
the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occur: 
(A) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer otherwise than for the 
purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation or on terms previously approved by the 
Noteholders; 
(B) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in (A) above,

--- Page 371 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 368 - 
47-41052088 
 
then, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable 
at its Prevailing Principal Amount together with (to the extent not cancelled pursuant to 
these Conditions) accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of 
which require the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system; and

--- Page 372 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 369 - 
47-41052088 
 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental 
Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; 
MODIFICATION AND/OR EXCHANGE FOLLOWING A REGULATORY 
EVENT, TAX EVENT,RATING EVENT OR ACCOUNTING EVENT; 
SUBSTITUTION 
17.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may 
be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how 
their vote was cast at such meeting. 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali, the following provisions shall apply but are subject to compliance 
with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and applicable 
to Assicurazioni Generali from time to time: 
(A) 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
Representative and shall be convened by either of them upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held as a single call meeting 
(assemblea in unica convocazione) ("Single Call Meeting") or as a 
multiple call meeting (i.e. each of the first, second and further call of the 
Meeting respectively and collectively, a ("Multiple Call Meeting") if 
(i) in the case of a Single Call Meeting there are one or more persons 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of 
the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding; or (ii) 
in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting, there are one or more persons 
present, being or representing Noteholders holding (a) at the initial 
meeting, more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, or (b) at a second meeting, more than one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (c) at a third 
meeting or any subsequent meeting, more than one fifth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes provided, however, that the 
quorum shall always be more than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes for the purposes of considering a 
Reserved Matter and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may 
from time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) 
require a higher (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a

--- Page 373 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 370 - 
47-41052088 
 
regulated market, different) quorum at any such meeting which shall be 
indicated in the Notice convening the relevant Meeting; 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any 
meeting convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for 
want of quorum) will be one or more persons holding or representing at 
least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented at the meeting, provided, however, that a Reserved Matter 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or representing 
at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time 
to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a 
larger (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated 
market, different) majority which shall be indicated in the Notice 
convening the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Noteholders' Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders' 
Representative (rappresentante comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the 
interest of Noteholders in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, such 
appointment to be made by an Extraordinary Resolution or by an order of a competent 
court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. Each such Noteholders' 
Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian 
Civil Code. 
17.3 
Modification 
These Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Lead Regulator 
(unless such approval is not required by applicable law at the relevant time in order for 
the Notes to qualify as Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer). The Notes, these Conditions and 
(in case the Notes are governed by English law) the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct 
a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification of the 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments 
in accordance with Condition 8.5 (Benchmark discontinuation) shall not require the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Condition 17.4 below applies if the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event 
Modification Provisions or the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
17.4 
Modification and/or Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating 
Event or Accounting Event 
(a) 
Where a Regulatory Event, a Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting Event, 
which is stated in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable for the purposes

--- Page 374 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 371 - 
47-41052088 
 
of this Condition 17.4, has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
(A) 
where the Final Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions are applicable, modify the terms of the 
Notes to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as 
applicable, Accounting Event, would exist after such modification; or 
(D) 
in relation to Notes governed by English law only, where the Final 
Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are applicable, exchange all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for Qualifying Securities so that the relevant Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event that has 
occurred would no longer exist in relation to the Qualifying Securities, 
in each case, provided that, following such modification or, as applicable, 
exchange: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of, in the case of sub-(A) above, the Notes, as 
so modified (the "modified Notes") or, in the case of sub-(B) above, the 
Qualifying Securities, are – in the Issuer's reasonable determination after 
having consulted an independent investment bank of international 
standing - not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms 
and conditions applicable to the Notes prior to such modification or 
exchange (the "existing Notes") provided that any modification may be 
made in accordance with paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below or, as applicable, 
any exchange of existing Notes for a basic own-fund item of at least the 
same quality that meet the requirements set out in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) 
below ("Qualifying Securities"), shall not constitute a breach of this 
paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
either the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the modified 
Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities (x) continues to be the 
Issuer, or (y) is substituted in accordance with Condition 17.5 
(Substitution); and 
(iii) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities rank at least 
equal to the existing Notes prior to such modification or exchange and 
feature the same tenor, the same Original Principal Amount and 
Prevailing Principal Amount, at least the same interest rates (including 
applicable margins), the same interest payment dates, first call date (if 
any), optional redemption date(s) and any early redemption rights (if any) 
as under the existing Notes for Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating 
Event or Accounting Event, the same existing rights to any accrued 
interest (to the extent not cancelled under these Conditions) and to any 
other amounts payable under the modified Notes or, as applicable, the 
Qualifying Securities, as the existing Notes prior to such modification 
or exchange; and 
(iv) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities continue to 
be listed on a regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in

--- Page 375 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 372 - 
47-41052088 
 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EC) of an internationally 
recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the 
existing Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory 
Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event), 
and provided further that: 
(1) 
Assicurazioni Generali obtains approval of the proposed 
modification or exchange from the Lead Regulator (unless such 
approval is no longer required by applicable law at the relevant 
time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is required to 
be given) to the Lead Regulator and, following the expiry of all 
relevant statutory time limits, the Lead Regulator is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed 
modification or exchange; 
(2) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to a change in 
any published rating of the existing Notes in effect at such time 
(to the extent the existing Notes were rated prior to the 
occurrence of such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event 
or, as applicable, Accounting Event); 
(3) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to any right on 
the part of the Issuer to exercise any option to redeem the 
modified Notes or the Qualifying Securities that does not already 
exist prior to such modification or exchange, without prejudice 
to the provisions under Condition 9.3 (Redemption and purchase 
- Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
(4) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, 
substantially in the form shown in the Agency Agreement, 
signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating 
that conditions (i) to (iv) and (1) to (3) above have been complied 
with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders; and 
(5) 
in the case of any proposed modifications or an exchange owing 
to a Tax Event, the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent an 
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the 
proposed modifications or exchange. 
(b) 
In connection with any modification or exchange as indicated in this Condition 
17.4, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
The following Condition 17.5 shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that the 
Substitution Provisions are applicable to the Notes and only to Notes governed by 
English law.

--- Page 376 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 373 - 
47-41052088 
 
17.5 
Substitution 
(a) 
Any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing 
under the laws of its jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
but with the prior written approval of Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (the "Substituted Debtor"), 
provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the 
Substituted Debtor and, to the extent necessary, Assicurazioni Generali 
and the other parties to the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant, as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the 
"Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) 
pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of 
each Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) to be bound by these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been 
named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Assicurazioni 
Generali. An unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee 
substantially in the form annexed to the Agency Agreement shall be 
executed by Assicurazioni Generali whereby Assicurazioni Generali 
shall guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and each Accountholder 
the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such 
principal debtor substantially to the extent of, and in the terms specified 
in, the form of deed of guarantee annexed to the Agency Agreement 
(such guarantee is referred to in this Condition 17.5 as the "Substitution 
Guarantee" and such guarantor as the "Guarantor"); 
(ii) 
the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee shall contain a warranty 
and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (a) that 
each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and the giving of such Substitution Guarantee, (b) that each 
of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor of its 
obligations under the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (c) 
that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor are legal, valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and each 
Accountholder (subject to all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or 
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and 
general equitable principles); 
(iii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from whom 
copies will be available to Noteholders (and if applicable 
Accountholders) (a) from lawyers of recognised standing as to matters 
of law of the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation of the Substituted 
Debtor confirming that upon the substitution taking place (1) the 
requirements of this Condition 17.5, save as to the giving of notice to

--- Page 377 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 374 - 
47-41052088 
 
the Noteholders, have been met, (2) the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor (subject to all applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of 
creditors' rights generally and general equitable principles), (3) the 
Substituted Debtor is validly incorporated under the laws of its 
jurisdiction, and (4) that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
substitution and for the entry into and performance of the Documents 
and (b) from the legal counsel to the Guarantor confirming that upon the 
substitution taking place, (1) the Substitution Guarantee and the 
Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Guarantor, (2) the Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform the 
obligations to be assumed by the Guarantor in the Documents and the 
Substitution Guarantee, and (3) the Guarantor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the entry into 
and the performance of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee; 
(iv) 
each Rating Agency shall have confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, 
Assicurazioni Generali and the Fiscal Agent that after giving effect to 
such substitution and the giving of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes 
shall (to the extent they were rated by such rating agency prior to the 
substitution) continue to be rated the same as immediately prior to the 
substitution; 
(v) 
no right of redemption pursuant to Condition 9 (Redemption and 
Purchase), any of the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee would 
become applicable on or as a result of such substitution; 
(vi) 
the appropriate regulatory authorities in Luxembourg shall have 
confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni Generali and the 
Fiscal Agent that, after giving effect to such substitution and the giving 
of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall continue to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (provided that the relevant Notes were 
so listed prior to such substitution); and 
(vii) 
a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor, signed by two 
directors of the Substituted Debtor shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions as 
referred to in paragraph (a) above; (A) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed 
to be named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as 
the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (and, where the context requires, 
references to Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as the issuer of the Notes 
will be replaced by references to the Substituted Debtor as the issuer of the 
Notes) and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the foregoing as well as 
all other amendments incidental to such substitution, and (B) the Issuer shall be 
released from all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 378 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 375 - 
47-41052088 
 
(c) 
Counterparts of each of the Documents (which shall include the Conditions 
amended and restated to give effect to the substitution) and the Substitution 
Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as 
any of the Notes remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against 
the Substituted Debtor or the Guarantor by any Noteholder or Accountholder in 
relation to the Notes, the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and 
the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee the right of every Noteholder and Accountholder to the production 
of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee for the enforcement of any of 
the Notes, Documents or Substitution Guarantee. 
(d) 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee, the Substituted Debtor together with the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) (or 
if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe) or, if the Notes which are listed or admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making 
or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) 
the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof.

--- Page 379 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 376 - 
47-41052088 
 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States 
dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that English 
law is applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, except that provisions concerning the status of 
the Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali are governed by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. Condition 17.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant 
provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders of 
Assicurazioni Generali and the appointment of a Noteholders' Representative 
(rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject to compliance with the 
laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to 
hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not 
to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to the person or persons for 
the time being registered at the Companies Register under Parts 34 and 37 of 
the Companies Act 2006 and authorised to accept service of process in England 
on behalf of the Issuer. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed 
to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the 
written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be

--- Page 380 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 377 - 
47-41052088 
 
entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This clause 
applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder 
to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the 
extent permitted by law. 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law 
is applicable to the Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts 
of Milan shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to 
hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not 
to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall 
not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
(e) 
Waiver of trial by jury: Without prejudice to the remaining paragraphs of this 
Condition 22, the Issuer waives any right it may have to a jury of trial or cause 
of action in connection with the Agency Agreement and the Notes. These 
Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
(f) 
Italian Civil Code: The Notes do not have the benefit of Article 1186 of the 
Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, Article 1819 of the Italian Civil 
Code.

--- Page 381 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 378 - 
47-41052088 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Senior Notes will be substantially in the 
following form, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Senior Notes and their 
issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms 
of the Senior Notes but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms of the Senior Notes. 
The Final Terms of the Senior Notes are for use in connection with issues of Senior Notes with 
a denomination of at least €100,000 only. 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance 
or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either

--- Page 382 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 379 - 
47-41052088 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 
309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).][1] 
Final Terms dated [•]  
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Senior Notes 
[being [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]] 
under the  
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [30 
May 2023] (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] 
[and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 
 
[1]  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify 
the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 383 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 380 - 
47-41052088 
 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the relevant implementing 
measures in Luxembourg. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer is 
only available on the basis of the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and full information 
on the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may 
be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] and, in the case of 
Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the 
Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche Number:] 
[     ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series):  
[(iii)] [Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and form 
a single series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on 
[insert]]. 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Specified Currency) 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche:] 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable).] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Specified 
Denomination(s)) 
[     ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess 
thereof up to and including [   ]. No Notes in 
definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination above [     ].] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent).)

--- Page 384 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 381 - 
47-41052088 
 
(Note where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose 
issue 
otherwise 
constitutes 
a 
contravention of Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than 
one year must have a minimum redemption value 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Calculation 
Amount) 
[     ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
Condition 2(a) 
(Interpretation – Definitions 
– Issue Date) 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] Trade Date: 
[     ] 
 
[(iii)] Interest Commencement 
Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Interest 
Commencement Date) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Maturity Date) 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year.] 
 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from 
the Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds 
are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried 
on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must

--- Page 385 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 382 - 
47-41052088 
 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold 
only to "professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
FSMA must be available.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] % Fixed Rate] 
 
Condition 6 (Interest) 
[[ 
 ] 
month 
EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/ 
HIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate] +/- [  ]% per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
[applicable/not applicable]: [[    ] per cent. Fixed 
Rate in respect of the Interest Period(s) ending on 
(but excluding) [   ] calculated in accordance with 
paragraph 
12 
below, 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance with paragraph [14/17] below.] / 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [   ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [12/16] 
below.] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
Condition 
8 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase) 
[Instalment Notes] 
10. 
(i) 
Change of interest following 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable:) 
[Rate of Interest (Post-Call): [  ] (further 
particulars specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Basis reset on Reset 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) 
Redemption for tax reasons

--- Page 386 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 383 - 
47-41052088 
 
Early redemption for tax non-
deductibility 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
[Issuer Call] 
 
Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) 
[Investor Put] 
 
Condition 8.5 (Clean-up Call 
Option) 
Clean-up Call: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Clean-up Percentage: [    ]] 
 
Condition 8.6 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 6.1 (Interest – Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year from (and including) [     ] up 
to and including the Maturity Date/[     ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
Condition 6.1.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
– Fixed Coupon Amount) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Broken 
Amount) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] /

--- Page 387 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 384 - 
47-41052088 
 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
13. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 6.2 (Interest – Interest on 
Reset Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps/Reference 
Bond] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [     ] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin: 
[     ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[Option A Applies:] / [Option B Applies:] [     ] 
 
(viii) Mid Swap Maturity: 
[     ]

--- Page 388 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 385 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[     ] 
 
(x) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[     ] 
 
(xi)  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
[EURIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[Ban
k of England Base Rate] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
Condition 6.3 (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [   ]] 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
Condition 6.3.2(a) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest – 
Screen Rate Determination) / 
Condition 6.3.2(b) (Interest 
– Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest – 
ISDA Determination) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[     ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform 
this function)]

--- Page 389 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 386 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(vi) 
Calculation of other amounts 
by the Calculation Agent 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify manner of 
calculation] 
 
Condition 6.4.1 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Miscellaneous – 
Calculation of other 
amounts) 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 
 
 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate]/ 
 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]]/[Call Spread CMS 
Reference Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: [   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: [   ]/[The CMS Rate having a Designated 
Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 1 and the CMS 
Rate having a Designated Maturity of [•] shall be 
CMS Rate 2]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS 
Rate) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01/other 
(give details)] 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions)] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] 
time/other (give details)] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro/other 
(give details))] 
 
(viii) In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph)

--- Page 390 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 387 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
(ix) In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation Method: [Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation Method: [Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SONIA Compounded Index [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 391 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 388 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place 
 
• Relevant Number of Index 
Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(xii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: [     ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
(xiii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Margin(s) [(Pre-Call)]: 
[+/-][   ]% per annum. 
 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(xviii) CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 392 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 389 - 
47-41052088 
 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ]% per annum. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[    ]% of Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purpose of Condition 7(ii) 
(Zero Coupon Notes) and 
Condition 8.10(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – 
Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes): 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION DATE (CALL) 
Condition 5 (Initial and Post-Call Interest Provisions) 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
(Post-Call): 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [     ] up to and 
including the date of redemption of the Notes, if 
the Issuer does not redeem the Notes on (or 
before) the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)] 
 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will 
be a long first coupon] / [There will be a short 
last coupon] / [There will be a long last coupon]

--- Page 393 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 390 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount; 
 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] [     ] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Margin (Post-Call): 
[+/-] [     ]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)] up to and including the 
date of redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer does 
not redeem the Notes on (or before) the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) pursuant to Condition 
8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)] 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will 
be a long first coupon] / [There will be a short 
last coupon] / [There will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] /

--- Page 394 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 391 - 
47-41052088 
 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner of determination: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[ 
 
 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
HIBOR]]/[Bank 
of 
England 
Base 
Rate]/ 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate] 
/[Leveraged CMS Reference Rate]/[Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]]/[Call Spread CMS 
Reference Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: [[   ] /[The CMS Rate having a Designated 
Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 1 and the CMS 
Rate having a Designated Maturity of [•] shall be 
CMS Rate 2]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS 
Rate) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: [[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 395 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 392 - 
47-41052088 
 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions)] 
 
(vii) In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation Method: [Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
(viii) In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation Method: [Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation Method: [Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 396 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 393 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place 
 
• Relevant Number of Index 
Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity:  
 
• 
Reset Date: 
 
 
(xi) Party responsible for 
calculation: 
[      ] 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(xiii) CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 397 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 394 - 
47-41052088 
 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Dates: [[any Business Day from (and including) [     ] to 
(and including) [     ]/[the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)] and thereafter, [_____]] in each year 
beginning on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)]/[        ]]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ] 
19. 
Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount.] 
 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – Final 
Redemption Amount) 
(where Notes are Instalment Notes, cross refer to 
paragraph 26 (Details relating to Instalment 
Notes) including detail of Instalment Amounts 
and Instalment Amount Payment Dates. Note 
that the first instalment amount cannot be 
payable prior to 18 months from Issue Date.)

--- Page 398 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 395 - 
47-41052088 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation 
reasons (Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax)): 
Condition 8.2 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Tax Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if the Tax Event 
occurs before the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), [principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up):  
Condition 8.5 (Clean-up Call 
Option) 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount:  
Condition 8.6 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option) 
[Make Whole Amount/[    ]/Not Applicable] 
Make-Whole Redemption Commencement Date: 
[       ] 
Make-Whole Period: [    ] 
 
(iv) 
Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Redemption Margin: [[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Bond: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Quotation Time: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Make Whole 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable / [     ] shall be the Calculation 
Agent]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
Condition 3 (Form, Denomination 
and Title) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the

--- Page 399 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 396 - 
47-41052088 
 
Permanent Global Note representing such Notes 
shall only be exchangeable to Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the 
ICSDs; and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
23. 
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions - 
Additional Financial Centre(s)) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment.] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments. Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 28 
coupon payments are still to be made]/[No] 
(If yes:) [Dates on which Talons mature: [ ]] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes 
(amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made): 
Condition 8.8 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption by 
Instalments) 
[Not Applicable/give details of Instalment 
Amount due on each Instalment Amount Payment 
Date] 
(First Instalment Amount cannot be payable 
prior to 18 months from Issue Date) 
 
27. 
Unmatured Coupons void 
 
Condition 9(g) (Payments – 
Unmatured Coupons void) 
 
Condition 9(g) [applies/does not apply] 
28. 
Substitution Provisions 
 
Condition 15.4 (Substitution) 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
29. 
Governing Law 
 
Condition 20 (Governing law and 
jurisdiction) 
[English law]/[Italian law] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[   ] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [  ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

--- Page 400 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 397 - 
47-41052088 
 
By: 
………………………………… 
Duly authorised

--- Page 401 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 398 - 
47-41052088 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the Professional 
Segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] / [specify any 
other relevant stock exchange] with effect from 
[       ].] and on [specify] with effect from [       ].] / 
[Not Applicable.] (where documenting a fungible 
issue need to indicate that original securities are 
already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses of admission 
to trading: 
[     ] [   ]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes 
to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[AM Best Europe: [   ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: 
[   ]] 
 
 
[Moody's: 
[   ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: 
[   ]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK 
and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[EEA]/[UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 402 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 399 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and has applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")], although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority]/[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the relevant 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
relevant CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the relevant CRA Regulation

--- Page 403 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 400 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but is certified under [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in [the EEA]/[the UK] and 
registered under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[UK 
CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
Option 7 – to be used if the rating is issued or 
endorsed by a UK CRA (which is not certified 
under the UK CRA but is registered with the FCA) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[UK]/[insert] and is [registered with the FCA in 
accordance with] / [the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] 
/ [certified under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies 
Regulation, as amended by the Credit Rating 
Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2019]]. 
 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted under the EU CRA Regulation and UK 
regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA 
Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation; or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA or the UK but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the

--- Page 404 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 401 - 
47-41052088 
 
UK and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK 
which is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Senior Notes being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
ADDITIONAL INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS 
INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, 
that is material to the issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base 
Prospectus, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown below. 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead]Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
4. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
The amount of the proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes, net of expenses of admission to trading, is 
€[_____]. 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES / BENCHMARK RATES (Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters].] / [Not Applicable] 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark]] is provided by [[European Money Markets 
Institute]/[administrator legal name]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [[European 
Money Markets Institute]/[administrator legal name]] [appears]/[does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.] As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that the [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration [(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ]

--- Page 405 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 402 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
 
(iii) 
Intended to be held in 
a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form) / [No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing 
system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg and 
the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number (s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ]

--- Page 406 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 403 - 
47-41052088 
 
8. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the EEA  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
9. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
10. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 407 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 404 - 
47-41052088 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Tier 3 Notes will be substantially in the following 
form, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Tier 3 Notes and their issue. Text 
in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms of the Tier 
3 Notes but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms of the Tier 3 Notes.  
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance 
or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 408 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 405 - 
47-41052088 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 
309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).][1] 
Final Terms dated [•]  
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Tier 3 Notes 
[being [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]] 
under the 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [30 
May 2023] (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] 
[and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the relevant implementing 
measures in Luxembourg. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
 
[1] 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify 
the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 409 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 406 - 
47-41052088 
 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer is 
only available on the basis of the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and full information 
on the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may 
be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] and, in the case of 
Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the 
Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche Number:] 
[     ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series): 
 
[(iii)]  [Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – Specified 
Currency) 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche:] 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable).] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Specified Denomination(s)) 
[     ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess 
thereof up to and including [   ]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [     ].] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum 
denomination 
of 
EUR 
100,000 
(or 
equivalent).)

--- Page 410 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 407 - 
47-41052088 
 
(Note where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be 
followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].") 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in 
Sterling, in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Calculation Amount) 
[     ] (If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Issue Date) 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)]    Trade Date: 
[     ] 
 
[(iii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Interest Commencement Date) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – Maturity 
Date) 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to the relevant month and year.] 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption 
and 
Purchase) 
and 
Condition 
10.1 
(Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled 
redemption) apply. 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] % Fixed Rate]

--- Page 411 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 408 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
Condition 8 (Interest) 
[[  ] month EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/ 
HIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate] +/- 
[  ]% per annum Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
[applicable/not applicable]: [[    ] per cent. 
Fixed Rate in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [   ] 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 12 
below, then calculated in accordance with 
paragraph [14/17] below.] / [[Floating Rate] 
in respect of the Interest Period(s) ending on 
(but excluding) [   ], then calculated in 
accordance with paragraph [12/16] below.] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase) 
 
10. 
(i) 
Change of interest following 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable:) 
[Rate of Interest (Post-Call): [  ] (further 
particulars specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Basis reset on Reset 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Call Options: 
 
 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
[Issuer Call] 
 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event]

--- Page 412 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 409 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to a Rating 
Event] 
 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event] 
 
Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call Option) 
[Optional Redemption due to Clean-up 
Call] 
[Clean-up Percentage: [     ]] 
 
Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option) 
[Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.1 (Interest – Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year from (and including) [     ] 
up to and including the Maturity Date/[     ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
Condition 8.1.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes – 
Fixed Coupon Amount) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Broken Amount) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[     ]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] /

--- Page 413 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 410 - 
47-41052088 
 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
13. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.2 (Interest – Interest on 
Reset Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [     ] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin: 
[     ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[Option A Applies:] / [Option B Applies:] 
[     ] 
 
(viii) Mid Swap Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[     ] 
 
(x) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[     ]

--- Page 414 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 411 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(xi)  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
[EURIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/
[Bank of England Base Rate] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [   ]] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Condition 8.3.2(a) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
– Rate of Interest – Screen Rate 
Determination) / Condition 
8.3.2(b) (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes – Rate of 
Interest – ISDA Determination) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[     ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
 
(vi) 
Calculation of other amounts by 
the Calculation Agent: 
Condition 8.4.1 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
– Miscellaneous – Calculation 
of other amounts) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
manner of calculation] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 415 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 412 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank of England Base 
Rate]/ 
 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For 
example, 
Reuters 
page 
EURIBOR01/other (give details)] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] 
time/other (give details)] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro/other (give details))] 
 
(viii) In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
(ix) 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 416 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 413 - 
47-41052088 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, it should be the fifth decimal 
place 
 
• Relevant Number of Index Days [  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 
5) 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
(xiii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short

--- Page 417 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 414 - 
47-41052088 
 
or long interest period)] [+/-] [  ] per cent. 
per annum 
 
(xiv) Margin(s) [(Pre-Call)]: 
[+/-][   ]% per annum. 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ]% per annum. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[    ]% of Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purpose of Condition 9(ii) (Zero 
Coupon Notes) and Condition 
10.13(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early redemption of 
Zero Coupon Notes): 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] /

--- Page 418 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 415 - 
47-41052088 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION DATE (CALL) 
Condition 7 (Initial and Post-Call Interest Provisions) 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest (Post-Call): 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [     ] up to 
and including the date of redemption of the 
Notes, if the Issuer does not redeem the 
Notes 
on 
(or 
before) 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Call) 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer)] 
 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There 
will be a long first coupon] / [There will be 
a short last coupon] / [There will be a long 
last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount; 
 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] [     ] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] /

--- Page 419 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 416 - 
47-41052088 
 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Margin (Post-Call): 
[+/-] [     ]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)] up to and 
including the date of redemption of the 
Notes, if the Issuer does not redeem the 
Notes 
on 
(or 
before) 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Call) 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer)] 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There 
will be a long first coupon] / [There will be 
a short last coupon] / [There will be a long 
last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner of determination: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
HIBOR]]/[Bank of England Base Rate]/

--- Page 420 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 417 - 
47-41052088 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
(viii) In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 421 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 418 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(ix) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, it should be the fifth decimal 
place 
 
• Relevant Number of Index Days [  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 
5) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
 
 
(xii) 
Party responsible for calculation: [      ] 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] /

--- Page 422 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 419 - 
47-41052088 
 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Dates: 
[[any Business Day from (and including) 
[     ] to (and including) [     ]/[the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)] and thereafter, ] 
[     ] in each year beginning on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)/[        ]]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
19. 
Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to a Regulatory Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event applies/does not apply] 
 
20. 
Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 423 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 420 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to a Rating Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to an 
Rating Event applies/does not apply] 
21. 
Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event applies/does not apply] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount.] 
 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – Final 
Redemption Amount) 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax)): 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for 
tax reasons) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) 
if the Tax Event occurs on or after the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call), principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if 
the Tax Event occurs before the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), [principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] 
/ [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory): 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) 
if the Regulatory Event occurs on or after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes; 
or (b) if the Regulatory Event occurs before 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] 
/ [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] 
/ [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Rating Event): 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating 
Event) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) 
if the Rating Event occurs on or after the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call), principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if 
the Rating Event occurs before the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), [principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount]

--- Page 424 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 421 - 
47-41052088 
 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] 
/ [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event): 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) 
if the Accounting Event occurs on or after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes; 
or (b) if the Accounting Event occurs before 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] 
/ [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] 
/ [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
[(v) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up): 
Condition 10.7 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Clean-up Call 
Option)] 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] 
/ [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
[(v[i]) Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount:  
Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option)] 
[Make Whole Amount/[    ]/Not Applicable] 
Make-Whole Redemption Commencement 
Date: [       ] 
Make-Whole Period: [    ] 
 
(v[ii]) Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Redemption Margin: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Bond: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Quotation Time: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi[ii]) Party responsible for 
calculating the Make Whole 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable / [     ] shall be the 
Calculation Agent]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and 
Title) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited

--- Page 425 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 422 - 
47-41052088 
 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) 
and integral multiples of €1,000 (or 
equivalent), the Permanent Global Note 
representing such Notes shall only be 
exchangeable to Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances of (1) closure of the 
ICSDs; and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Days: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions - 
Additional Financial Centre(s)) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment.] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments. Talons may be required 
if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 28 coupon payments are still to be 
made]/[No] 
(If yes:) [Dates on which Talons mature: [ ]] 
28. 
Unmatured Coupons void 
 
Condition 11(f) (Payments – 
Unmatured Coupons void) 
 
Condition 11(f) [applies/does not apply] 
29. 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions: 
Condition 17.4(a)(A) (Modification and/or 
Exchange following a Regulatory Event, 
Tax Event, Rating Event or Accounting 
Event) is [not applicable]/ [applicable in 
relation 
to 
[Regulatory 
Event/Tax 
Event/Rating Event/Accounting Event]] 
 
30. 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Exchange Provisions: 
(applicable only to Notes governed by 
English law) 
Condition 17.4(a)(B) (Modification and/or 
Exchange following a Regulatory Event, 
Tax Event, Rating Event or Accounting 
Event) is [not applicable]/ [applicable in 
relation 
to 
[Regulatory 
Event/Tax 
Event/Rating Event/Accounting Event]] 
 
31. 
Substitution Provisions 
 
Condition 17.5 (Substitution) 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 426 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 423 - 
47-41052088 
 
(applicable only to Notes governed by 
English law) 
 
32. 
Governing Law 
 
Condition 22 (Governing law and 
Jurisdiction) 
[English law]/[Italian law] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[   ] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [  ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
………………………………… 
Duly authorised

--- Page 427 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 424 - 
47-41052088 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the Professional 
Segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] / [specify any 
other relevant stock exchange] with effect from 
[       ].] and on [specify] with effect from [       ].] / 
[Not Applicable.] (where documenting a fungible 
issue need to indicate that original securities are 
already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses of admission 
to trading: 
[     ] [   ]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes 
to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[AM Best Europe: 
[ ]] 
[Fitch: 
[     ]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [     ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [     ]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK 
and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[EEA]/[UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 428 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 425 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[EEA]/[UK] and has applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")], although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority]/[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in [the 
EEA]/[the UK] and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the relevant 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
relevant CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the relevant CRA Regulation

--- Page 429 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 426 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but is certified under [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in [the EEA]/[the UK] and 
registered under [the EU CRA Regulation]/[the UK 
CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
Option 7 – to be used if the rating is 
issued/endorsed by a UK CRA (which is not 
certified under the UK CRA but is registered with 
the FCA) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[UK]/[insert] and is [registered with the FCA in 
accordance with] / [the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] 
/ [certified under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies 
Regulation, as amended by the Credit Rating 
Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2019]]. 
 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted under the EU CRA Regulation and UK 
regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA 
Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation, or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA or the UK but is endorsed by

--- Page 430 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 427 - 
47-41052088 
 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the 
UK and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation, or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or in the 
UK which is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of this type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
ADDITIONAL INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS 
INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, 
that is material to the issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base 
Prospectus, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown below. 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead]Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
4. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
The amount of the proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes, net of expenses of admission to trading, is 
€[_____]. 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES / BENCHMARK RATES (Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters].] / [Not Applicable] 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark]] is provided by [[European Money Markets 
Institute]/[administrator legal name]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [[European 
Money Markets Institute]/[administrator legal name]] [appears]/[does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.] As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that the [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration [(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ]

--- Page 431 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 428 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
 
(iii) 
Intended to be held in 
a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form) / [No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg and 
the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number (s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
8. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the EEA 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and

--- Page 432 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 429 - 
47-41052088 
 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
9. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
10. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 433 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 430 - 
47-41052088 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Tier 2 Notes will be substantially in the following 
form, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Tier 2 Notes and their issue. Text 
in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms of the Tier 
2 Notes but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms of the Tier 2 Notes.  
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance 
or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 434 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 431 - 
47-41052088 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 
309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).][1] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Tier 2 Notes 
[being [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]] 
under the 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [30 
May 2023] (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] 
[and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the relevant implementing 
measures in Luxembourg. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
 
[1]  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify 
the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 435 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 432 - 
47-41052088 
 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer is 
only available on the basis of the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and full information 
on the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may 
be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] and, in the case of 
Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the 
Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/).] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under the 2022 Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2022 which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [30 May 2023]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated [30 May 2023] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus 
dated 25 May 2022 and are attached hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes set forth in the Base prospectus dated 25 May 2022 which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [30 May 2023] [and the supplement 
dated [•]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement] are available for viewing at [address] 
and [website] and copies may be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on 
the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable 
Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche Number:] 
[     ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing 
Series): 
 
[(iii)]  [Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on 
[insert]]. 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ]

--- Page 436 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 433 - 
47-41052088 
 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Specified Currency) 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche:] 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable).] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Specified 
Denomination(s)) 
[     ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess 
thereof up to and including [   ]. No Notes in 
definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination above [     ].] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent).) 
(Note where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Calculation 
Amount) 
[     ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Issue Date) 
[     ]

--- Page 437 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 434 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
[(ii)]    Trade Date: 
[     ] 
 
[(iii)] Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Interest 
Commencement Date) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Maturity Date) 
 [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year.] 
 
 
[Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase) and Condition 10.1 (Redemption and 
Purchase –Scheduled redemption) apply.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] % Fixed Rate] 
 
Condition 8 (Interest) 
[[ 
 ] 
month 
EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/ 
HIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate] +/- [  ]% per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
[applicable/not applicable]: [[    ] per cent. Fixed 
Rate in respect of the Interest Period(s) ending on 
(but excluding) [   ] calculated in accordance with 
paragraph 
13 
below, 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance with paragraph [15/18] below.] / 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [   ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [13/17] 
below.] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase)

--- Page 438 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 435 - 
47-41052088 
 
10. (i) 
Change of interest 
following Optional 
Redemption Date (Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable:) 
[Rate of Interest (Post-Call): [  ] (further 
particulars specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Basis reset on 
Reset Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. Call Options: 
 
 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
[Issuer Call] 
 
Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event] 
 
Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event] 
 
Condition 10.6 (Optional 
Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event] 
 
Condition 10.7 (Clean-up Call 
Option) 
[Optional redemption due to Clean-up Call] 
[Clean-up Percentage: [    ]] 
 
Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option) 
[Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. Status of the Notes: 
Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) 
Senior Dated Subordinated Notes 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.1 (Interest – Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year from (and including) [     ] up 
to and including the Maturity Date/[     ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [     ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 439 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 436 - 
47-41052088 
 
Condition 8.1.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes – Fixed Coupon 
Amount) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Broken 
Amount) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
14. Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.2 (Interest – Interest on 
Reset Notes) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] /

--- Page 440 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 437 - 
47-41052088 
 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps/Reference 
Bond] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [     ] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin: 
[     ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[Option A Applies:] / [Option B Applies:] [     ] 
 
(viii) Mid Swap Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[     ] 
 
(x) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[     ] 
 
(xi)  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
[EURIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[Bank 
of England Base Rate] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [   ]]

--- Page 441 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 438 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
Condition 8.3.2(a) (Interest 
– Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest – 
Screen Rate Determination) 
/ Condition 8.3.2(b) 
(Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes – Rate 
of Interest – ISDA 
Determination) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[     ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform 
this function)] 
 
(vi) 
Calculation of other 
amounts by the Calculation 
Agent: 
Condition 8.4.1 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Miscellaneous – 
Calculation of other 
amounts) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify manner of 
calculation] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 
 
 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate]/ 
 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]]/[Call Spread CMS 
Reference Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Reference 
Currency: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[   ]/[The CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity 
of [•] shall be CMS Rate 1 and the CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [•] shall be CMS 
Rate 2]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 442 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 439 - 
47-41052088 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01/other 
(give details)] 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions)] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] 
time/other (give details)] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro/other 
(give details))] 
 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 Observation Method:
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 Lag Period:
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
 Observation Shift Period:
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
 D:
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 443 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 440 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Index Determination
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 SONIA Compounded 
Index
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 SOFR Compounded Index
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 Relevant Decimal Place
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place 
 
 Relevant Number of Index 
Days
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify

--- Page 444 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 441 - 
47-41052088 
 
for each short or long interest period)] [+/-] [  ] 
per cent. per annum 
 
Margin(s) [(Pre-Call)]: 
[+/-][   ]% per annum. 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Notes) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ]% per annum. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[    ]% of Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purpose of Condition 9(ii) 
(Zero Coupon Notes) and 
Condition 10.13(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase 
– Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes): 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] /

--- Page 445 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 442 - 
47-41052088 
 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION DATE (CALL) 
Condition 7 (Initial and Post-Call Interest Provisions) 
17. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
(Post-Call): 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [     ] up to and 
including the date of redemption of the Notes, if 
the Issuer does not redeem the Notes on (or 
before) the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)] 
 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will 
be a long first coupon] / [There will be a short last 
coupon] / [There will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount; 
 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] [     ] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] /

--- Page 446 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 443 - 
47-41052088 
 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
18. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Margin (Post-Call): 
[+/-] [     ]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)] up to and including the 
date of redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer does 
not redeem the Notes on (or before) the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) pursuant to Condition 
10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)] 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will 
be a long first coupon] / [There will be a short last 
coupon] / [There will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner of determination: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)

--- Page 447 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 444 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[ 
 
 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
HIBOR]]/[Bank 
of 
England 
Base 
Rate]/ 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Currency: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
(viii) In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 448 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 445 - 
47-41052088 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SONIA Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place 
 
• Relevant Number of Index 
Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
 
 
• 
Reset Date:

--- Page 449 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 446 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(xii) 
Party responsible for 
calculation: 
[      ] 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST DEFERRAL  
Condition 5 (Deferral of Interest) 
19. (i) 
Optional Deferral of 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 5.1 (Deferral of 
Interest – Optional 
Deferral of Interest) 
[If applicable:] 
[Optional Deferral Conditions [A/B]] 
[Look Back Period [A/B]] 
 
(ii) 
Mandatory Deferral of 
Interest 
Applicable 
 
Condition 5.2 (Deferral of 
Interest – Mandatory 
Deferral of Interest) 
 
 
(iii) 
Deferred Interest Payment 
Events 
Condition 5.3 (Arrears of 
Interest) 
 
 
Deferred Interest Payment Events [Option 
A/Option B/Option C/Option D] applies 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 450 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 447 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Dates: 
[[any Business Day from (and including) [     ] to 
(and including) [     ]/[the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)] and thereafter, ] [     ] in each year 
beginning on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)/[        ]]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
21. Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event applies/does not apply] 
22. Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to an Rating 
Event applies/does not apply] 
23. Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event applies/does not apply] 
24. Final Redemption Amount 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount.] 
 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Final Redemption Amount)

--- Page 451 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 448 - 
47-41052088 
 
25. Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation 
reasons (Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax)): 
Condition 10.2 
(Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption for tax 
reasons) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Tax Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if the Tax Event 
occurs before the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), [principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory): 
Condition 10.4 
(Redemption and Purchase 
– Optional Redemption due 
to a Regulatory Event) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Regulatory Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if the Regulatory 
Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Rating Event): 
Condition 10.5 
(Redemption and Purchase 
– Optional Redemption due 
to a Rating Event) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Rating Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if the Rating 
Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event): 
Condition 10.6 
(Redemption and Purchase 
– Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event) 
If the Issuer's Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Accounting Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if the Accounting 
Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer's Call Option is not applicable: 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
[(v) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up): 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount]

--- Page 452 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 449 - 
47-41052088 
 
Condition 10.7 
(Redemption and Purchase 
– Clean-up Call Option)] 
 
[(v[i]) Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount:  
Condition 10.8 (Make-
Whole Redemption Option)] 
[Make Whole Amount/[    ]/Not Applicable] 
Make-Whole Redemption Commencement Date: 
[       ] 
Make-Whole Period: [    ] 
 
(v[ii]) Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Bond: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Quotation Time: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi[ii]) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Make Whole 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable / [     ] shall be the Calculation 
Agent]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. Form of Notes: 
Condition 3 (Form, Denomination 
and Title) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the 
Permanent Global Note representing such Notes 
shall only be exchangeable to Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the 
ICSDs; and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
27. New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28. Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions - 
Additional Financial Centre(s)) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment.]

--- Page 453 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 450 - 
47-41052088 
 
29. Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments. Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 28 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[No] 
(If yes:) [Dates on which Talons mature: [ ]] 
30. Unmatured Coupons void 
 
Condition 11(f) (Payments – 
Unmatured Coupons void) 
 
Condition 11(f) [applies/does not apply] 
31. Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions: 
Condition 
17.4(a)(A) 
(Modification 
and/or 
Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) is [not 
applicable]/ [applicable in relation to [Regulatory 
Event/Tax 
Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting 
Event]] 
 
31. Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Exchange Provisions: 
(applicable only to Notes governed 
by English law) 
Condition 
17.4(a)(B) 
(Modification 
and/or 
Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) is [not 
applicable]/ [applicable in relation to [Regulatory 
Event/Tax 
Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting 
Event]] 
32. Substitution Provisions 
 
Condition 17.5 (Substitution) 
 
(applicable only to Notes governed 
by English law) 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
33. Governing Law 
 
Condition 22 (Governing law and 
Jurisdiction) 
[English law]/[Italian law] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[   ] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [  ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
………………………………… 
Duly authorised

--- Page 454 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 451 - 
47-41052088 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the Professional 
Segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] / [specify any 
other relevant stock exchange] with effect from 
[       ].] and on [specify] with effect from [       ].] / 
[Not Applicable.] (where documenting a fungible 
issue need to indicate that original securities are 
already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses of admission 
to trading: 
[     ] [   ]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes 
to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[AM Best Europe: 
[ ]] 
[Fitch: 
[     ]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [     ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [     ]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK 
and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[EEA]/[UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 455 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 452 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in [the 
EEA]/[the UK] and has applied for registration 
under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")], although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority]/[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the relevant 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
relevant CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the relevant CRA Regulation

--- Page 456 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 453 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but is certified under [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in [the EEA]/[the UK] and 
registered under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[UK 
CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
Option 7 – to be used if the rating is issued or 
endorsed by a UK CRA (which is not certified 
under the UK CRA but is registered with the FCA) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[UK]/[insert] and is [registered with the FCA in 
accordance with] / [the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance 
with] / [certified under] [the UK Credit Rating 
Agencies Regulation, as amended by the Credit 
Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019]]. 
 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted under the EU CRA Regulation and UK 
regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA 
Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation; or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA or the UK but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the

--- Page 457 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 454 - 
47-41052088 
 
UK and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation; or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK 
which is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
ADDITIONAL INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS 
INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, 
that is material to the issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base 
Prospectus, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown below. 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead]Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
4. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
The amount of the proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes, net of expenses of admission to trading, is 
€[_____]. 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES / BENCHMARK RATES (Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters].] / [Not Applicable] 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark]] is provided by [[European Money Markets 
Institute]/[administrator legal name]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, 
[[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator legal name]] [appears]/[does 
not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.] As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration [(or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ]

--- Page 458 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 455 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
 
(iii) 
Intended to be held in 
a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form) / [No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg and 
the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number (s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
8. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the EEA  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and

--- Page 459 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 456 - 
47-41052088 
 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
9. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
10. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 460 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 457 - 
47-41052088 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE RESTRICTED TIER 1 NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Restricted Tier 1 Notes will be substantially in 
the following form, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Restricted Tier 1 
Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of 
the Final Terms of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes but denotes directions for completing the Final 
Terms of the Tier Restricted 1 Notes.  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance 
or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 461 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 458 - 
47-41052088 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 
309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).][1] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Restricted Tier 1 Notes 
[being [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]] 
under the 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus 
dated [30 May 2023] (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the relevant 
implementing measures in Luxembourg. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
 
[1]  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify 
the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 462 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 459 - 
47-41052088 
 
be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on 
the Issuer is only available on the basis of the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and full 
information on the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] 
and copies may be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] and, 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, on the Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform 
of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche Number:] 
[     ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing 
Series): 
 
[(iii)]  [Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on 
[insert]]. 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
Specified Currency) 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] [Tranche:] 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable).] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Specified 
Denomination(s)) 
[     ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess 
thereof up to and including [   ]. No Notes in 
definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination above [     ].] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of EUR 200,000 (or equivalent).) 
(Note where multiple denominations above 
[€200,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:

--- Page 463 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 460 - 
47-41052088 
 
"[€200,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€399,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€399,000].") 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of £200,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Calculation 
Amount) 
[     ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Issue Date) 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)]    Trade Date: 
[     ] 
 
[(iii)] Interest Commencement 
Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Interest 
Commencement Date) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] % Fixed Rate] 
 
Condition 8 (Interest) 
[[ 
 ] 
month 
EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/ 
HIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate] +/- [  ]% per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
[applicable/not applicable]: [[    ] per cent. Fixed 
Rate in respect of the Interest Period(s) ending on

--- Page 464 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 461 - 
47-41052088 
 
(but excluding) [   ] calculated in accordance with 
paragraph 
10 
below, 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance with paragraph [13/15] below.] / 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [   ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [11/14] 
below.] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
8. 
(i) 
Change of interest 
following Optional 
Redemption Date (Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable:) 
[Rate of Interest (Post-Call): [  ] (further 
particulars specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Basis reset on Reset 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Call Options: 
 
 
Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
 
Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
[Issuer Call] 
 
Condition 9.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event] 
 
Condition 9.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event] 
 
Condition 9.6 (Optional 
Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event) 
[Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event] 
 
Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call 
Option) 
[Optional redemption due to Clean-up Call] 
[Clean-up Percentage: [    ]] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10. Condition 5.1(c) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.1 (Interest – Interest 
on Fixed Rate Notes) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)

--- Page 465 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 462 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year from (and including) [     ] up 
to and including the Maturity Date/[     ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
Condition 8.1.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
– Fixed Coupon Amount) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and Interpretation – 
Definitions – Broken 
Amount) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
12. Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.2 (Interest – Interest on 
Reset Notes) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] /

--- Page 466 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 463 - 
47-41052088 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps/Reference 
Bond] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [     ] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin: 
[     ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[Option A Applies:] / [Option B Applies:] [     ] 
 
(viii) Mid Swap Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[     ] 
 
(x) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[     ] 
 
(xi)  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
[EURIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[Bank 
of England Base Rate] 
13. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] /

--- Page 467 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 464 - 
47-41052088 
 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [   ]] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
Condition 8.3.2(a) (Interest 
– Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest – 
Screen Rate Determination) 
/ Condition 8.3.2(b) 
(Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes – Rate 
of Interest – ISDA 
Determination) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[     ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform 
this function)] 
 
(vi)  
Calculation of other 
amounts by the Calculation 
Agent: 
Condition 8.3.6 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Calculation of 
other amounts) 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify manner of 
calculation] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 
 
 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate]/ 
 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[Steepener 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]]/[Call Spread CMS 
Reference Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Reference 
Currency: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[   ]/[The CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity 
of [•] shall be CMS Rate 1 and the CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [•] shall be CMS 
Rate 2]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 468 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 465 - 
47-41052088 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01/other 
(give details)] 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions)] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] 
time/other (give details)] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro/other 
(give details))] 
 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 469 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 466 - 
47-41052088 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Index Determination
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 SONIA Compounded 
Index
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 SOFR Compounded Index
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 Relevant Decimal Place
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place 
 
 Relevant Number of Index 
Days
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[     ]

--- Page 470 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 467 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
Margin: 
[+/-][   ]% per annum. 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[     ]% per annum.] 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION DATE (CALL) 
Condition 7 (Initial and Post-Call Interest Provisions) 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest 
(Post-Call): 
[     ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [     ] up to and 
including the date of redemption of the Notes, if 
the Issuer does not redeem the Notes on (or 
before) the Optional Redemption Date (Call)

--- Page 471 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 468 - 
47-41052088 
 
pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)] 
 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will 
be a long first coupon] / [There will be a short last 
coupon] / [There will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount; 
 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] [     ] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [     ]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
 
[[     ] in each year beginning on [the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)] up to and including the 
date of redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer does 
not redeem the Notes on (or before) the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) pursuant to Condition 
10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)]

--- Page 472 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 469 - 
47-41052088 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will 
be a long first coupon] / [There will be a short last 
coupon] / [There will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner of determination: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[ 
 
 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/ 
HIBOR]]/[Bank 
of 
England 
Base 
Rate]/ 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate]/[€STR] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Currency: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 473 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 470 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(vii) 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] 
 
(viii) In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [TARGET Settlement Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 474 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 471 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SONIA Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place 
 
• Relevant Number of Index 
Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[      ] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[      ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[      ] 
 
(xii) 
Party responsible for 
calculation: 
[      ] 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 475 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 472 - 
47-41052088 
 
16. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 9.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Dates: 
[[any Business Day from (and including) [     ] to 
(and including) [     ]/[the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)] and thereafter, ] [     ] in each year 
beginning on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)/[        ]]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
17. Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Condition 9.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event) 
 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory 
Event applies/does not apply] 
18. Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 9.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to a Rating 
Event applies/does not apply] 
19. Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 9.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event applies/does not apply] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable

--- Page 476 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 473 - 
47-41052088 
 
Condition 3 (Form, denomination 
and title) 
for Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a 
denomination of €200,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the 
Permanent Global Note representing such Notes 
shall only be exchangeable to Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the 
ICSDs; and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
21. New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation 
– 
Definitions 
- 
Additional Financial Centre(s)) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment.] 
23. Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments. Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 28 coupon 
payments are still to be made 
[Dates on which Talons mature: [ ]] 
24. Unmatured Coupons void 
 
Condition 
11(f) 
(Payments 
– 
Unmatured Coupons void) 
 
Condition 11(f) [applies/does not apply] 
25. Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions: 
Condition 
17.4(a)(A) 
(Modification 
and/or 
Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) is [not 
applicable]/ [applicable in relation to [Regulatory 
Event/Tax 
Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting 
Event]] 
 
26. Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Exchange Provisions: 
(applicable only to Notes governed 
by English law) 
Condition 
17.4(a)(B) 
(Modification 
and/or 
Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) is [not 
applicable]/ [applicable in relation to [Regulatory 
Event/Tax 
Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting 
Event]] 
27. Substitution Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 477 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 474 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
Condition 17.5 (Substitution) 
 
(applicable only to Notes governed 
by English law) 
 
28. Governing Law 
 
Condition 22 (Governing law and 
jurisdiction) 
[English law]/[Italian law] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[   ] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [  ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
………………………………… 
Duly authorised

--- Page 478 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 475 - 
47-41052088 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the Professional 
Segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] / [specify any 
other relevant stock exchange] with effect from 
[       ].] and on [specify] with effect from [       ].] / 
[Not Applicable.] (where documenting a fungible 
issue need to indicate that original securities are 
already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses of admission 
to trading: 
[     ] [   ]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes 
to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[AM Best Europe: 
[ ]] 
[Fitch: 
[     ]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [     ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [     ]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK 
and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[EEA]/[UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 479 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 476 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in [the 
EEA]/[the UK] and has applied for registration 
under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")], although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority]/[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, 
not registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the relevant 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in [the EEA] / 
[the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
relevant CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the relevant CRA Regulation

--- Page 480 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 477 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] but is certified under [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in [the 
EEA] / [the UK] and is not certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in [the EEA]/[the UK] and 
registered under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[UK 
CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
Option 7 – to be used if the rating is issued or 
endorsed by a UK CRA (which is not certified 
under the UK CRA but is registered with the FCA) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the 
[UK]/[insert] and is [registered with the FCA in 
accordance with] / [the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance 
with] / [certified under] [the UK Credit Rating 
Agencies Regulation, as amended by the Credit 
Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019]]. 
 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted under the EU CRA Regulation and UK 
regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA 
Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation; or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA or the UK but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the

--- Page 481 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 478 - 
47-41052088 
 
UK and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation; or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK 
which is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
ADDITIONAL INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS 
INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, 
that is material to the issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base 
Prospectus, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown below. 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead]Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
4. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
The amount of the proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes, net of expenses of admission to trading, is 
€[_____]. 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES / BENCHMARK RATES (Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters].] / [Not Applicable] 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark]] is provided by [[European Money Markets 
Institute]/[administrator legal name]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, 
[[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator legal name]] [appears]/[does 
not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.] As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration [(or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ]

--- Page 482 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 479 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
(iii) 
Intended to be held in 
a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form) / [No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing 
system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg and 
the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number (s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
8. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the EEA  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and

--- Page 483 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 480 - 
47-41052088 
 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
9. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared "Applicable" should be 
specified.] 
 
10. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 484 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 481 - 
47-41052088 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions or, as 
applicable, the Tier 3 Conditions or Restricted Tier 1 Conditions to "Noteholder" are references 
to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a 
depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case 
of a NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the 
Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in 
the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 485 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 482 - 
47-41052088 
 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions, the Tier 3 Conditions or 
the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, as applicable, or the date for final redemption of a 
Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount 
of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note 
or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or 
at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but, in the case of Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to be governed by English law, without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 30 
May 2023 (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note (each, an 
"Accountholder") will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. In the case of Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law, the Temporary Global Note shall include 
an undertaking by the Issuer in favour of each Accountholder that it will make all payments in 
respect of the principal amount of Notes for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as being held by the Accountholder and represented by the 
Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note and an acknowledgement 
by the Issuer that each Accountholder may take proceedings to enforce this undertaking directly 
against the Issuer. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange.

--- Page 486 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 483 - 
47-41052088 
 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the 
thirtieth day after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange 
of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes;  
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a 
Temporary Global Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note 
becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions, the Tier 3 Conditions or the 
Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, as applicable, or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes 
void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case 
of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but, in the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by English law, 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note (each, an "Accountholder") will 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by Italian law, the Permanent Global Note shall include an undertaking by the Issuer 
in favour of each Accountholder that it will make all payments in respect of the principal 
amount of Notes for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as being held by the Accountholder and represented by the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note and an acknowledgement by the Issuer that 
each Accountholder may take proceedings to enforce this undertaking directly against the 
Issuer. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 
Conditions or, as applicable, the Tier 3 Conditions or the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and 
(in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge 
the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a 
payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure

--- Page 487 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 484 - 
47-41052088 
 
that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN 
the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8.4 (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders) of the Senior Conditions the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put 
notice, instruct the Fiscal Agent through the ICSDs. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8.6 (Make-Whole 
Redemption Option) of the Senior Conditions and, if applicable, Condition 10.3 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 10.6 (Optional 
Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.8 (Make-Whole Redemption Option) 
of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions and, if applicable, Condition 9.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9.4 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event), Condition 9.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 
9.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) of the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, in 
relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Conditions and the 
Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the relevant Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 19 
(Notices) of the Tier 2 Conditions, the Tier 3 Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions, 
while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global 
Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary 
Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 19 (Notices) of the Tier 2 Conditions, the 
Tier 3 Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/). 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Business Day" in 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, "Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 488 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 485 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 489 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 486 - 
47-41052088 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets (if the relevant Notes 
are indicated in the applicable Final Terms as Green Bonds), Eligible Social Assets (if 
the relevant Notes are indicated in the applicable Final Terms as Social Bonds) or, as 
the case may be, a mix of Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets (if the 
relevant Notes are indicated in the applicable Final Terms as Sustainability Bonds), 
meeting the Green Eligibility Criteria and/or, as the case may be, Social Eligibility 
Criteria (each as defined below).  
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and 
the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing 
Eligible Green Assets and/or, as the case may be, Eligible Social Assets, and complying with 
the relevant Green Eligibility Criteria and/or the Social Eligibility Criteria and any other criteria 
set out in the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework, being Generali's umbrella framework 
for the issuance of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds and which is available 
in the "investor relations" section of the Issuer's website at https://www.generali.com (as 
amended, restated or updated on such website from time to time, the "Issuer's Sustainability 
Bond Framework") will be classified as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or, as the case may 
be, "Sustainability Bonds". 
The Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent 
of Noteholders. Amendments may be made in order to (inter alia) ensure alignment with 
market expectations, voluntary standards, and anticipated regulatory developments such as the 
EU Taxonomy and EU Green Bond Standard. Any revisions or updates to the Sustainability 
Bond Framework will be made available in the "investor relations" section of the Issuer's 
website at https://www.generali.com, but the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify the 
Noteholders of any such amendments. The Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework is not 
incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Use of proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Green Bond, Social Bond or, as the case may 
be, Sustainability Bond issuance will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part – 
through project bonds, equity investments, loans or tax credits (including investments by 
Assicurazioni Generali in companies for which at least 90%, or such different percentage 
indicated from time to time in Generali's Sustainability Bond Framework, of turnover is 
attributable to) – eligible assets that meet the Green Eligibility Criteria (in the case of Green 
Bonds), eligible assets that meet the Social Eligibility Criteria (in the case of Social Bonds) or, 
as the case may be, a mix of eligible assets that meet the Green Eligibility Criteria and Social 
Eligibility Criteria (in the case of Sustainability Bonds). 
For the purposes of this section: 
"Eligible Green Assets" means the assets that meet the Green Eligibility Criteria for the 
(re)financings of green buildings, renewable energy, energy efficiency, clean transportation, 
sustainable water management, recycling, re-use and waste management.

--- Page 490 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 487 - 
47-41052088 
 
"Eligible Social Assets" means assets that meet the Social Eligibility Criteria for the 
(re)financings relating to access to essential services/social infrastructure, affordable housing, 
SME financing, socioeconomic advancement, employment generation, response to health and 
natural disaster crisis. 
"Green Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's 
Sustainability Bond Framework. 
"Social Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's 
Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Process for asset evaluation and selection  
Relevant assets are evaluated by Generali for compliance with official national/international 
environmental and social standards and local laws and regulations on a best effort basis, taking 
into account Generali Group's internal ESG policies and guidelines, such as the Group 
Sustainability Policy, Code of Conduct, and Responsible Investment Guideline.  
Generali has also set up a Sustainability Bond Committee to supervise the selection and 
monitoring of the pool of Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets, to ensure the 
compliance with best practices, and to oversee other relating activities. The Sustainability Bond 
Committee is chaired by the head of the Group Debt and Treasury function, with members 
from other functions/teams of the Group in order to bring together relevant competences. More 
specifically, the role of the Sustainability Bond Committee includes: 
− to review and validate the existing pool of Eligible Assets;  
− to review and validate the new investments/financing to be included in the pool of 
Eligible Assets; 
− to manage any future updates of the Sustainability Bond Framework;  
− to monitor any on-going evolution related to Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
market practices in terms of disclosure/reporting, harmonization;  
− to monitor at least on a yearly basis the impacts of the investments and financings 
included in the pool of eligible assets. 
Management of proceeds 
Net proceeds from Green Bond, Social Bond or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bond, will 
be allocated for disbursements relating to Generali's portfolio of Eligible Assets managed by 
the Sustainability Bond Committee. The portfolio of Eligible Assets is comprised of a sub-
portfolio Eligible Green Assets and a sub-portfolio of Eligible Social Assets. Generali commits 
on a best effort basis to reach full allocation within one year following the issuance of the Green 
Bond, Social Bond or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bond. 
The Group will monitor and track the net proceeds through its internal accounting system. 
Pending full allocation, unallocated proceeds may temporarily be invested in accordance with 
Generali’s investment guidelines in cash, deposits and money market instruments or SRI 
Investment. Generali intends to designate sufficient investments in Eligible Assets to ensure 
that the outstanding balance related to the portfolio of Eligible Assets is always equal to or 
higher than the total balance of Green, Social or Sustainability Bond net proceeds. If any

--- Page 491 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 488 - 
47-41052088 
 
Eligible Assets exit the portfolio of Eligible Assets or cease to fulfil the relevant Eligibility 
Criteria, Generali will strive to substitute those assets with replacement Eligible Assets that 
comply with the applicable Eligibility Criteria, as soon as reasonably practicable. 
Reporting 
In accordance with market best practices such as the 'Joint International Financial Institution 
communication on a Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting', Generali will endeavour 
to produce a reporting annually until full allocation and to update it upon any material changes 
that would affect the portfolio of Eligible Assets. The reporting will include details on 
allocation of the net proceeds (including details on the balance of unallocated proceeds, share 
of financing versus refinancing, breakdown by category/country). Generali also commits on a 
best effort basis to report on relevant impact metrics. 
External Review 
A second party consultant has reviewed the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework dated June 
2021 and has issued an opinion confirming that the framework aligns with ICMA's 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, Green Bond Principles 2021 and Social Bond Principles 
2021. This opinion (and any other opinion issued from time to time on the Issuer's 
Sustainability Bond Framework) is (or will be) available in the "investor relations" section on 
the Issuer's website at https://www.generali.com. 
Generali intends to request, on an annual basis starting one year after issuance of any Green 
Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond until full allocation, an assurance report on the 
allocation of bond net proceeds to Eligible Assets, to be provided by an external auditor. 
General 
Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained (or incorporated by 
reference) in this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of 
proceeds, and its purchase of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds should 
be based upon its own determination and such other investigation as it deems necessary. See 
further risk factor entitled "Risks relating to Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds" in the "Risk Factors" section.

--- Page 492 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 489 - 
47-41052088 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
Established in Trieste in 1831 as a company limited by shares (Società per Azioni) with a 
duration of 300 years, Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. ("Assicurazioni Generali" or "Generali") 
and its consolidated subsidiaries (together the "Generali Group" or the "Group") is the largest 
insurance group in Italy1 and one of the major players in Europe. Since 2017, Assicurazioni 
Generali has also launched a focused asset management strategy. The registered address of 
Assicurazioni Generali is Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi 2, 34132 Trieste, Italy and the telephone 
number is (0039) 040 671111. Assicurazioni Generali is registered at the Companies' Registry 
of the Chamber of Commerce of Venezia Giulia, Italy, under registration No. 00079760328. 
The corporate purpose of Assicurazioni Generali, as provided by Articles 4.1 and 4.2 of its by-
laws, is to (i) conduct insurance, reinsurance, and capital redemption activities of any sort and 
to manage any supplementary pension schemes, including by setting up open-end funds, in 
Italy and abroad, or by engaging in any other insurance activities allowed by the law; and (ii) 
generally perform any transactions that are related to, connected with or conducive to the 
attainment of the corporate purpose, also by participating in Italian or foreign companies and 
organisations. 
As parent company of the Group, in the performance of its management and coordination 
activities, Assicurazioni Generali adopts all the necessary measures with the Group companies 
to implement the provisions given by IVASS to ensure the stable and efficient management of 
the Group pursuant to article 214-bis, paragraph 2, of the Italian private insurance code. 
Since 15 April 1994, Assicurazioni Generali shares have been listed on the Mercato Telematico 
Azionario, the electronic stock market of the Italian Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2022, 
Assicurazioni Generali had a market capitalisation of approximately €26,365 million.  
Generali Group 
At 31 December 2022, the Generali Group consolidated 542 companies, an increase compared 
to 505 at 31 December 2021. The Group is present in over 50 countries in the world, with gross 
written premiums of €81,538 million in 2022. With more than 82 thousand employees serving 
some 69 million customers (as at 31 December 2022), the Group has a leading position in 
Europe and a growing presence in Asia and Latin America. At the heart of Generali's strategy 
is its Lifetime Partner commitment to customers, achieved through innovative and personalised 
solutions, best-in-class customer experience and its digitalised global distribution capabilities. 
The Group has fully embedded sustainability into all strategic choices, with the aim to create 
value for all stakeholders while building a fairer and more resilient society. 
The Generali Group undertakes a wide range of direct life and non-life insurance business, 
assumed reinsurance business and activities in fund and asset management and related areas. 
The following is a graphical representation of the Generali Group as of 31 December 2022.
 
1 
Source: ANIA (Associazione Nazionale fra le imprese Assicuratrici, the Italian national association of 
insurance undertakings).

--- Page 493 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 490 - 
47-41052088 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumyna Investments  
Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
Generali Investments 
Holding S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali Insurance Asset 
Management S.p.A. Società di 
Gestione del Risparmio 
 
100% 
37,72% 
52,82% 
Generali 
Ecuador 
Compañía de 
Seguros S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
61,89% 
(33,99% owned by 
Generali France and 
28,29% by Generali 
Deutschland) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sycomore Factory SAS 
 
 
Generali Real Estate 
S.p.A. 
100% 
100% 
Generali 
Seguros, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
Future Generali India Life 
Insurance Company Ltd 
 
 
 
 
Generali Sigorta A.S. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
71,79% 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali Vietnam Life 
Insurance Limited 
Liability Company 
100% 
 
 
 
 
Future Generali India 
Insurance Company Ltd 
50.51% 
 
Generali Participations Netherlands N.V.  
(100% owned by the Group) 
 
100% 
Generali Turkey Holding B.V. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48,99% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TUA Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
 
Catt Re S.A. 
 
 
 
Generali Hellas 
Insurance Company 
S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
Shendra Advisory Services 
Private Limited 
48,99% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0,59% 
Generali Brasil Seguros 
S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
99,99% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99,41% 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
66,92% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cattolica 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
100% 
 
Generali Italia S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
Generali Beteiligungs-GmbH 
 
 
 
 
Generali CEE 
Holding B.V. 
 
 
 
Generali France S.A. 
31,73% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali China Life Insurance 
Co. Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
70% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
94,10% 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCC Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali Deutschland AG 
 
4,04% 
 
100% 
Generali Investments 
CEE, Investicní 
Spolecnost, a.s. 
 
 
100% 
Generali Retraite 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MPI Generali Insurans Berhad 
 
Generali Life Insurance 
Malaysia Berhad (ex AXA 
Affin Life Insurance 
Berhad) 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
62,50% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,86% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
67,5% 
32,47% 
 
 
 
100% 
Alleanza Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali 
Beteiligungsverwaltung 
GmbH 
 
 
 
100% 
 
70% 
 
 
Generali Asia N.V. (100% 
owned by Generali P. 
Netherlands N.V.) 
 
 
 
Caja de Ahorro y 
Seguro S.A. 
27,50 
Genirland Limited 
(100% owned by 
Generali P. 
Netherlands N.V.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99,01% 
 
 
 
70% 
BCC Vita S.p.A 
Compagnia di 
Assicurazioni Vita 
 
100% 
Genertellife S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
Generali Deutschland 
Lebensversicherung AG 
 
100% 
 
100% 
Generali Česká 
pojišťovna a.s. 
 
 
100% 
Generali Iard S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
Generali Beteiligungs- und 
Vermögensverwaltung GmbH 
 
Generali Insurance 
Malaysia Berhad (ex AXA 
Affin General Insurance) 
 
PT Asuransi Jiwa Generali 
Indonesia 
98% 
 
 
Caja De Seguros S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(0,00013% owned by Generali Participations 
Netherlands N.V.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(44,4% owned by KAG Holding 
Company Ltd) 
 
 
 
(0,99% owned by Generali 
Participations Netherlands N.V.) 
 
65% 
Vera Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. 
 
 
Genertel S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
Generali Deutschland 
Versicherung AG 
 
100% 
 
99,96% 
Generali Insurance 
AD 
 
 
 
GFA Caraïbes 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75% 
Generali Versicherung AG 
 
 
 
Generali Life Assurance 
(Thailand) Public Co. Ltd 
49% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vera Protezione 
S.p.A. 
 
50,01% 
D.A.S. Difesa 
Automobilistica Sinistri  
- S.p.A. di 
Assicurazione 
 
 
 
 
Generali Deutschland 
Krankenversicherung AG 
 
100% 
 
100% 
GP Reinsurance EAD 
 
 
0,01% 
Prudence Creole 
95,94% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75% 
BAWAG P.S.K. Versicherung AG 
 
 
 
Generali Insurance (Thailand) 
Public Co. Ltd 
49% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(41,9% owned by KAG Holding 
company Ltd) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
65% 
Vera Vita S.p.A. 
 
33,82% 
Banca Generali 
0,45% 
4,90% 
 
 
Cosmos Lebensversicherungs 
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
100% 
 
99,97% 
S.C. Generali 
Romania Asigurare 
Reasigurare S.A. 
 
 
 
La Médicale 
99,99% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
2,46% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51,05% 
 
 
20,01% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vera Financial 
Designated Activity 
Company 
 
 
(9,74% owned by Generali 
Vie) 
 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bausparkasse Badenia 
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
100% 
 
99,95% 
Akcionarsko društvo 
za osiguranje 
Generali Osiguranje 
Srbija 
 
 
 
L'Equité S.A. Cie 
d'Assurances et 
Réass.contre les risques de 
toute nature 
99,99% 
 
 
 
 
Redoze Holding N.V.  
(100% owned by the 
Group) 
 28,94% 
Generali (Schweiz) Holding AG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(0,05% owned by GP Reinsurance EAD) 
 
 
0,01% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99,98% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADVOCARD 
Rechtsschutzversicherung AG 
 
100% 
 
 
Akcionarsko društvo 
za reosiguranje 
Generali 
Reosiguranje Srbija 
99,99% 
 
100% 
Generali Vie S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali Assurances Générales 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(0,01% owned by GP Reinsurance EAD) 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cosmos Versicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
100% 
 
62,25% 
Akcionarsko društvo 
za osiguranje 
Generali Osiguranje 
Montenegro 
26,82% 
 
 
Generali Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali España 
Holding de Entidades 
de Seguros S.A. 
 
 
Generali Personenversicherungen AG 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(7,93% owned by Akcionarsko društvo za 
reosiguranje Generali Reosiguranje Srbija) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ENVIVAS Krankenversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
100% 
 
100% 
Generali 
Towarzystwo 
Ubezpieczen Spólka 
Akcyjna 
 
 
 
Europ Assistance Holding 
S.A.S. 
96,35% 
 
 
95,24% 
 
Generali España, S.A. 
de Seguros y 
Reaseguros 
 
 
Fortuna Rechtsschutz-Versicherung-
Gesellschaft AG 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3,65% owned by Generali P. Netherlands) 
 
 
 
 
(4,67% owned by 
Hermes Sociedad 
Limitada) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dialog Lebensversicherungs-
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
100% 
 
100% 
Generali Zycie 
Towarzystwo 
Ubezpieczen Spólka 
Akcyjna 
 
 
 
Europ Assistance S.A. 
100% 
 
 
50% 
 Cajamar Vida S.A. de 
Seguros y Reaseguros  
 
Fortuna Lebens-Versicherungs AG 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19,99% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
Generali Investments 
Towarzystwo 
Fundusy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A. 
 
 
 
Europ Assistance Italia 
S.p.A. 
53,96% 
 
 
50% 
 
Cajamar Seguros 
Generales, S.A. de 
Seguros y Reaseguros 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(26,05% owned by Assicurazioni Generali 
S.p.A.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
Generali Biztosító Zrt. 
 
 
 
(49,99% owned by Generali Versicherung AG) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50,01% Europ Assistance Austria 
Holding GmbH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Európai Utazási 
Biztosító Zrt. 
61% 
 
 
74,99% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(13% owned by Europäische Reisevers. AG) 
 
 
Europäische 
Reiseversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Genertel Biztosító Zrt. 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Legenda 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
Generali Osiguranje 
d.d. 
 
 
 
AdvanceCare, 
 Gestão de Serviços de 
Saúde, S.A. 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insurance entities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
Generali 
zavarovalnica d.d. 
Ljubljana 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Holding entities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generali Investments, 
družba za 
upravljanje, d.o.o. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other entities (financial, 
real estate)

--- Page 494 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 491 - 
47-41052088 
 
Financial Overview 
The financial information in respect of Assicurazioni Generali in this Base Prospectus is 
derived from the consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.2 
The table below shows the value of the Group's main Key Performance Indicators as at and for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
As at and for the years ended 
31 December 
2022
2021
(millions of Euros) 
Gross earned premiums 
79,497
73,985
- 
Life gross earned premiums 
51,145
50,185
- 
Non-life gross earned premiums 
28,353
23,799
Life segment net cash inflows 
8,696
12,729
Operating result 
6,509
5,852
- 
Life 
3,522
2,816
- 
Non-life 
2,696
2,650
- 
Asset & Wealth Management (1) 
972
1,076
- 
Holding and other businesses 
202
157
- 
Consolidation adjustments 
-883
-847
Non-operating result 
-1,710
-1,306
Financial Liabilities 
48,653
47,713
(billions of Euros) 
Assets under management 
505
575
(1) As from 1Q2022, the Asset Management segment changed its name to become Asset & Wealth Management: in line with new managerial 
responsibilities, it also includes the Banca Generali group that was previously represented in the Holding and other business segment. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 gross earned premiums of the Generali Group amounted 
to Euro 79,497 million (for the year ended 31 December 2021: Euro 73,985 million), of which 
Euro 51,145 million (for the year ended 31 December 2021: Euro 50,185 million) was 
attributable to its life insurance business and Euro 28,353 million (for the year ended 31 
December 2021: Euro 23,799 million) to its non-life insurance business.  
The Group's net result for the full year 2022 was Euro 2,912 million (for the year ended 31 
December 2021, including the result of discontinued operations: Euro 2,847 million). 
Excluding the negative impacts deriving from Russian investments (which amounted to €154 
million, of which €71 million refer to fixed income instruments held directly by the Group and 
€83 million to the investment in Ingosstrakh), the net result for 2022 would be €3,066 million. 
The adjusted net result, defined as the net result without the impact of gains and losses related 
to acquisitions and disposals, in 2022 was equal to the net result of the period. In 2021, adjusted 
net profit amounted to €2,795 million, calculated excluding €52 million relating to the 
acquisition of control and the extraordinary costs linked to the integration of the Cattolica group.  
 
2  With reference to changes calculated on 2021 appearing in the 2022 Annual Report, unless reported otherwise, 
changes in premiums, Life net inflows and new business were on equivalent terms (i.e. at constant exchange 
rates and consolidation scope): as a result, the contribution from the Cattolica group was neutralised in the 
calculation of changes on equivalent terms; while changes in operating result, general account investments 
and Life technical provisions excluded any assets under disposal or disposed of during the same period of 
comparison: as a result, they considered the contribution from the Cattolica group in percentage changes.

--- Page 495 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 492 - 
47-41052088 
 
Total investments of the Generali Group as at 31 December 2022 amounted to Euro 451,317 
million (Euro 527,904 million as at 31 December 2021).  
Insurance provisions (gross of amounts ceded to reinsurers from insurance provisions) of the 
Generali Group as at 31 December 2022 amounted to Euro 423,501 million (Euro 479,449 
million as at 31 December 2021), of which insurance provisions for policies where the 
investment risk is borne by the policyholders and those related to pension funds amounted to 
Euro 95,116 million (Euro 102,481 million as at 31 December 2021). See further the section 
"Our Financial Performance" (pages 101-145) of the Management Report in the 2022 Annual 
Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Selected Financial Information 
The section "Overview Financial Information of the Issuer", included at pages 516 to 518 in 
this Base Prospectus, contains consolidated balance sheet and income statement information in 
summary form, extracted from the consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali 
as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. Certain numerical figures contained 
in this Base Prospectus, including financial information and certain operating data, have been 
subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum of the numbers in 
a column or a row in tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column 
or row or the sum of certain numbers presented as a percentage may not conform exactly to the 
total percentage given. 
The following table sets out certain selected consolidated financial information of 
Assicurazioni Generali as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
As at and for the years ended 
31 December 
2022
2021
IFRS 
(millions of Euros or 
percentage) 
Gross earned premiums 
79,497 
73,985 
Total income  
81,530 
99,088 
Total expenses 
-76,792 
-94,509 
Investments 
451,317 
527,904 
Insurance provisions  
423,501 
479,449 
Shareholders' equity (group) 
16,201 
29,308 
Group operating result 
6,509 
5,852 
Loss ratio (non-life, net of consolidated adjustments) 
64.5% 
62.6% 
Combined ratio (non-life, net of consolidated adjustments) 
93.2% 
90.8% 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains, or incorporates by reference, certain financial measures and 
alternative performance indicators that the Issuer considers to constitute alternative 
performance measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the ESMA (European Securities Markets 
Authority) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures dated 5 October 2015 (the 
"Guidelines"). These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by the Issuer's 
auditors and are not measures required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. Many of 
these APMs are based on the Group’s internal estimates, assumptions and calculations. These 
APMs are used in order to help the assessment of the quality and sustainability of the net result 
of the Group in the various business segments and territorial areas. Investors should view the 
APMs as complementary to, and not a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS.

--- Page 496 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 493 - 
47-41052088 
 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs. See further 
the section "Methodological notes on alternative performance measures" (pages 188-191) 
appearing in the 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for 
certain reconciliations in respect of the APMs required in accordance with the Guidelines. 
Strategy and business developments  
Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth  
The Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali approved, at a board meeting held on 15 
December 2021, the Group's new three-year strategy: Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth 
(the "2022-24 Strategic Plan"). The 2022-24 Strategic Plan aims to deliver sustainable growth 
across Generali's core and emerging business lines, building on the strong foundations 
established since 2016. The bedrock of the plan is Generali's ongoing commitment to be a 
Lifetime Partner to its customers. Generali aims to strengthen its leadership in Europe and 
foothold in fast-growing markets; maintain its financial strength in all market conditions; 
champion sustainability to be the originator of its strategy; enhance the Lifetime Partner 
ambition for its customers; and accelerate its digital transformation to make Generali a 
recognised data-driven innovator. Thanks to all these actions, General aims to keep delivering 
robust earnings, increased cash generation and higher dividends to its shareholders, while 
creating sustainable value for all its stakeholders.  
Generali plans to go further in its sustainability commitments during this strategic cycle, with 
a continued focus on making a positive social, environmental and stakeholder impact. Over the 
duration of the 2022-24 Strategic Plan, Generali aims to complete the integration of ESG 
criteria into the direct investments of its general account portfolio (general account - direct 
investments: corporate bond and equity, sovereign bond) by 2024, reduce the carbon footprint 
of the corporate investments portfolio by 25% by 2024 (general account - listed equity and 
corporate bond portfolios. Carbon footprint in terms of greenhouse gas intensity per invested 
amount. Baseline: 2019), and increase gross written premiums of insurance solutions with ESG 
components by 5% to 7% (CAGR 2021-2024). Through the actions envisaged under the 2022-
24 Strategic Plan, Generali aims to enhance its earnings profile, increase the profitability of its 
Life business, invest in technology and digital transformation, grow third-party Asset 
Management revenues and further improve efficiency. Generali has also launched the "Fenice 
190" €3.5 billion investment plan in March 2021 to support the sustainable recovery of the 
European economies. 
The Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth Strategic Plan is built on three key pillars, which the 
Group aims to pursue through the levers and strategic actions identified below: 
Pillar 1: Drive sustainable growth 
- 
Boost P&C revenues and maintain best-in class technical margins 
o improve market share in segments with significant growth potential – SMEs, Senior 
Care in Europe and Travel in the US 
o leverage its leadership in the Health market to take advantage of growth 
opportunities, going beyond traditional medical reimbursement plans 
o leverage on the Group's comprehensive range of services, including telemedicine, 
homecare and digital symptom checkers, to make healthcare more accessible 
 
- 
Grow capital light business, technical profits and ESG product range 
o drive unit-linked business volumes and further internalise margins

--- Page 497 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 494 - 
47-41052088 
 
o boost protection as a de-risking tool for investment solutions 
o expand the range of ESG solutions proposition 
 
- 
Underpin growth with effective cost management 
o focus investments on Asian growing markets and on fee-based businesses 
o continue to develop distribution capabilities in the Asset Management space 
o in core European insurance markets, achieve expense reduction to offset expected 
inflation, with a view to leading to overall flat expenses  
Pillar 2: Enhance earnings profile 
- 
Improve life business profile and profitability 
o undertake comprehensive in-force optimisation to reduce capital intensity of Life 
business and improve operating result 
o enhance strategic asset allocation, integrate ESG criteria and leverage real asset 
platform to improve returns 
o reduce solvency capital requirements with in-force management, with a view to 
improved capital productivity and further reduction in market sensitivity 
 
- 
Redeploy capital to profitable growth initiatives 
o target activities that allow earnings diversification and increase market leadership, 
minimising execution risks 
o reinforce leadership in Europe and strengthen presence in specific growing markets, 
especially in Asia;  
o invest in selected Asset Management capabilities and build scale to accelerate third-
party growth 
 
to maximise long-term value creation for shareholders, while finding the right mix of 
capital deployment and capital return 
 
- 
Develop asset management franchise further 
o expand real asset capabilities, capitalising on the strong track record of Generali 
Real Estate and Generali Global Infrastructure, in order to optimise general account 
and better attract third-party clients, thereby expanding recurring and high-margin 
fee business 
o further integrate Life and Asset Management businesses; broaden investment 
capabilities to expand product offering, in order to support unit-linked strategy and 
further develop third-party client base 
o upscale distribution platform to drive growth in third-party revenues, by 
maximising reach of the multi-boutique platform beyond core European markets, 
diversifying profit sources with new markets and new channels 
o continue to integrate ESG criteria into investments, in line with Generali's 
commitment to sustainability and customers' expectations 
Pillar 3: Lead innovation  
- 
Increase customer value through lifetime partner advisory model 
o increase customer value by scaling digitally-enabled advisory model 
o establish a seamless omni-channel distribution approach  
o grow presence in the European direct business market 
o gain share of European digital profit pool by scaling up direct operations

--- Page 498 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 495 - 
47-41052088 
 
with a view to maintaining the Group's leadership position within peer groups in terms of 
Relationship Net Promoter Score 
- 
Accelerate innovation as a data-driven company 
o leverage new data capabilities to improve technical leadership and offer value-
added services through digital ecosystems 
o develop powerful and sustainable innovation engine to support future growth, 
increasing both efficiency and productivity by reducing complexity and leveraging 
on the Group scale as well as on the wider adoption of all new technologies and 
digital capabilities available 
o investment in digital transformation initiatives, to further improve business model 
across the board and create data-driven opportunities to deliver profitable growth 
 
- 
Achieve additional operational efficiency by scaling automation and technology 
o reduce costs through digitisation, core process automation and shared platforms 
o optimise further claims management using artificial intelligence 
o investments in areas like automation and artificial intelligence to deliver additional 
operational efficiency to the Group's core processes, with a view to improving cost-
to-income ratio. 
Generali has identified four responsible roles to play as investor, insurer, employer and citizen, 
in order to create long-term sustainable value. 
As a responsible investor, Generali is committed to widely integrate ESG criteria into all its 
investment activities by the end 2024. In line with this commitment, Generali has identified the 
following objectives: reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the investment portfolio to net-
zero by 2050, in line with its commitments as a member of the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance; 
invest € 8.5 - € 9.5 billion in new green, social and sustainable bond investments by 2025; and 
invest € 3.5 billion to support the EU Recovery by 2025 through Fenice 190. In line with its 
climate change strategy, Generali has a policy for the exclusion of thermal coal from its 
investments, which is continuously updated. It also aims at a gradual but complete divestment 
of any activity and/or investment in issuers included in the sector (phase-out) by 2030 for 
OECD countries and by 2040 for the rest of the world. The Group is also committed to reduce 
its exposure to unconventional oil and gas exploration and production (upstream) activities and 
specific midstream activities.  
As a responsible insurer, Generali aims to increase gross written premiums in relation to 
insurance solutions with ESG components by 5-7% CAGR by 2024; to transition its 
underwriting portfolio to net-zero greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050; and to supports the 
sustainable transition of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) through the SME 
EnterPRIZE project. In line with its climate change strategy, Generali has also undertaken a 
stringent exclusion policy towards companies operating in the fossil fuel sector. Since 2018, 
the Group has adopted specific restrictions on the underwriting of coal-related activities to 
support its commitment to removing its already minimal insurance exposure towards this sector; 
the objective is for the phase-out to be reached by 2030 for clients located in OECD countries 
and by 2038 in the rest of the world. 
As a responsible employer, the Generali Group seeks to embed sustainability within all people 
processes, enabled by a strategy that focuses on promoting a sustainable and meritocratic 
culture; building a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment; investing in upgrading 
the skills of employees; and developing an effective organisation that embraces sustainable 
hybrid work models.

--- Page 499 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 496 - 
47-41052088 
 
As a responsible citizen, Generali is committed to further enhance the activities of The Human 
Safety Net, a social innovation hub powered by Generali's skills, networks and solutions to 
create social impact, dedicated to supporting people living in vulnerable conditions to unlock 
their potential, improving their lives and those of their families and communities. 
New Group organisational structure  
On 22 June 2022, the Board of Directors approved a new organisational structure for the Group 
and for Group Head Office (GHO), effective as from 1 September 2022, guided by the 
following principles identified by management: 
- 
strengthen GHO's role in providing guidance for and coordinating the business units;  
- 
enhance the levers for the attainment of the operating efficiency objectives of the 
2022-24 Strategic Plan and accelerate the digitalisation of the Group;  
- 
integrate sustainability further into the core business, by implementing the Group 
ESG strategy in investments and products and enhancing the sustainability culture 
inside the Group;  
- 
redefine the organisational and geographical monitoring of markets and multi-country 
business lines to facilitate coordination and operating synergies.  
As part of the new organisational structure, the organisational position of General Manager 
was established at GHO, to whom the following functions report as from 1 September 2022: 
Group Investment Officer, Group Life & Health Insurance, Group P&C, Claims & Reinsurance, 
Group Chief Operating Officer, Group Marketing & Customer Officer, Group Transformation 
Officer, Group Sustainability & Social Responsibility, and Group IT & Operations Risk & 
Security. 
At the same time, the organisational perimeter of the business lines was reviewed and organised 
into: (i) four geographical business units (Italy; Germany, Austria and Switzerland; France, 
Europ Assistance & Global Business Lines (being aggregation of five business lines with 
global responsibility: Europ Assistance, Global Corporate&Commercial, Generali Employee 
Benefits, ARTE Generali and Generali Global Pension); and International (to which are 
reallocated operating companies based in Eastern European countries); and (ii) the Asset & 
Wealth Management business unit, dedicated to asset and wealth management, with 
responsibility for coordinating the operations of the Group's asset management companies for 
insurance companies of the Group and for third parties, and the operations of Banca Generali 
(together, the "Business Units").3 
A Group Management Committee (GMC) - composed of top managers of the parent company 
and the Group - provides support for the Managing Director and Group CEO, and meets to 
discuss the mains strategic decisions of the Group with the aim of improving the alignment of 
the Business Units on strategic priorities and increasing the efficiency of and consensus on the 
decision-making process. 
 
 
 
3  The Group's managerial structure that was in place until September 2022 was made up of: Italy; France; Germany; Austria 
and Central Eastern Europe countries (ACEE: Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Serbia, Montenegro, Romania, 
Slovenia, Bulgaria and Croatia), International (Spain, Switzerland and Southern Europe, and Asia); Asset & Wealth 
Management; and Group holdings and other companies. Information broken down by geographic area reported in the 2022 
Annual Report and included in this section of the Base Prospectus reflects this managerial structure.

--- Page 500 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 497 - 
47-41052088 
 
The following diagram illustrates the current organisational structure of the Assicurazioni 
Generali Group. 
 
 
 
 
 
Group IT & 
Operations Risk & 
Security 
Group Sustainability 
& Social 
Responsability 
Group Chief 
Transformation 
Officer * 
Group Chief 
Investment Officer 
Group Chief 
Marketing & 
Customer Officer * 
General Manager 
Office 
General Manager * 
Corporate Affairs 
Group Audit 
Group Compliance 
Function 
Group Chief Risk 
Officer * 
Group Actuarial 
Function 
GCEO Office 
Group Chief 
Mergers & 
Acquisitions 
Group Chief 
Financial Officer * 
Group Chief 
Operating Officer 
Group P&C, Claims 
& Reinsurance 
Group Life & Health 
Insurance 
Group Chief HR & 
Organization Officer * 
Group Chief 
Communications & 
Public Affairs Officer 
Group General 
Counsel * 
Group Anti Financial 
Crime 
Asset & Wealth 
Management * 
Germany * 
Italy * 
Germany, 
Austria and 
Switzerland * 
France, Europ 
Assistance & 
GBL * 
International * 
Group Functions 
Business Unit 
BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS 
GROUP CEO * 
*   member of Group Management Comittee

--- Page 501 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 498 - 
47-41052088 
 
Group performance 
The following tables illustrate the Group's 2022 and 2021 operating results broken down by 
geographical area. See further the paragraph "Our Financial Performance" on pages 103 to 
145 of the 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
Operating result by country 
 
2022 
 
2021) 
(millions of Euros) 
Total 
Italy 
2,279
1,971
France 
962
840
Germany 
996
975
Austria & CEE  
959
885
International 
811
756
Asset & Wealth Management (1) 
910
1,008
Group holdings, other companies and consolidation adjustments 
-407
-584
Total 
6,509
5,852
  
(1) includes the main Group entities operating in investment advisory, asset management and financial planning. It includes, among others, 
Banca Generali. Adding the operating result of Asset Management of the Central and Eastern European countries to that of Asset & Wealth 
Management reported in the table, the total operating result amounted to €940 million (€1,044 million for 2021).  
 
 
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
Operating result by segment 
 
2022 
 
2021) 
(millions of Euros) 
Total 
Life 
3,522
2,816
Non-life 
2,696
2,650
Asset & Wealth Management (1) 
972
1,076
Holding and other business 
202
157
Consolidation adjustments 
-883
-847
Total 
6,509
5,852
 
(1) As from 1Q2022, the Asset Management segment changed its name to become Asset & Wealth Management: in line with new managerial 
responsibilities, it also includes the Banca Generali group that was previously represented in the Holding and other business segments. 
 
Generali Group Insurance Business 
The Generali Group's gross earned premiums from its life and non-life segments, prior to 
reinsurance and after consolidated adjustments, amounted to Euro 79,497 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 (Euro 73,985 million for the year ended 31 December 2021). 
Life 
Life gross earned premiums of the Generali Group amounted to Euro 51,145 million in 2022 
(Euro 50,185 million in 2021). The following table sets out certain selected figures for the 
Generali Group's life operations for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
For the years ended 
31 December 
2022
2021
(IFRS) 
(millions of Euros) 
Gross earned premiums 
51,145
50,185
Net earned premiums 
49,400
48,533
Net income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
-14,649
8,939
Total income of life segment 
48,156
70,538
Net insurance benefit and claims 
-34,189
-59,238

--- Page 502 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 499 - 
47-41052088 
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
2022
2021
(IFRS) 
(millions of Euros) 
Total expenses of life segment 
-45,161
-67,980
Earnings before taxes 
2,995
2,558
 
The following table sets out the gross premiums written and operating results for the Generali 
Group's life segment by country, for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
Gross written premiums 
Operating result 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
(millions of Euro) 
Italy 
19,829 
 
19,227 
1,512 
 
1,299 
France 
12,121 
 
12,374 
742 
 
651 
Germany 
10,916 
 
11,034 
533 
 
415 
Austria & CEE  
2,346 
 
2,325 
307 
 
251 
International 
6,571 
 
5,672 
533 
 
415 
-   Spain 
718 
 
693 
186 
 
179 
-   Switzerland 
1,073 
 
1,027 
54 
 
2 
-   Americas & Southern Europe 
585 
 
441 
100 
 
53 
-   Asia 
4,196 
 
3,511 
192 
 
179 
Group holdings and other companies(1) 
1,120 
 
1,047 
-104 
 
-216 
Total 
52,902 
 
51,680 
3,522 
 
2,816 
(1) the data relating to operating result also include country adjustments  
See further the paragraph "Life Segment" at pages 126 – 133 of the 2022 Annual Report, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Non-Life 
Non-life gross earned premiums of the Generali Group amounted to Euro 28,353 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 (Euro 23,799 million for the year ended 31 December 2021).  
The following table sets out certain selected figures for the Generali Group's non-life operations 
for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
For the years ended 31 
December 
2022
2021
(IFRS) 
(millions of Euros) 
Gross earned premiums 
28,353
23,799
Net earned premiums 
26,277
22,151
Net income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
192
21
Total income of non-life segment 
30,565
25,974
Net Insurance benefits and claims 
-16,929
-13,866
Total expenses of non-life sector 
-28,262
-23,669
Earnings before taxes 
2,303
2,305
 
The following table sets out the gross premiums written and operating results for the Generali 
Group's non-life segment by country, for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
Gross written premiums 
Operating result 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
(millions of Euro) 
Italy 
8,492 
 
6,454 
802 
 
710 
France 
3,449 
 
3,119 
190 
 
169 
Germany 
3,962 
 
3,864 
492 
 
634

--- Page 503 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 500 - 
47-41052088 
 
Gross written premiums 
Operating result 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
(millions of Euro) 
Austria & CEE  
4,973 
 
4,632 
639 
 
622 
International 
5,451 
 
4,506 
298 
 
367 
-   Spain 
1,776 
 
1,682 
58 
 
124 
-   Switzerland 
751 
 
726 
41 
 
57 
-   Americas & Southern Europe 
2,063 
 
1,784 
140 
 
168 
-   Asia 
861 
 
315 
59 
 
18 
Group holdings and other companies(1) 
2,308 
 
1,569 
276 
 
148 
Total 
28,636 
 
24,145 
2,696 
 
2,650 
(1) the data relating to operating result also include country adjustments 
 
The following table sets out the direct written premiums by line of business and by country, 
for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Motor 
Non-motor 
Total 
 
For the years ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
(millions of Euros) 
Italy 
3,032 
2,237 
5,214 
3,990 
8,246 
6,226 
France 
1,139 
1,116 
2,240 
1,932 
3,379 
3,048 
Germany 
1,470 
1,469 
2,487 
2,387 
3,957 
3,856 
Austria & CEE  
2,236 
2,167 
2,697 
2,429 
4,933 
4,596 
International 
2,015 
1,633 
3,097 
2,589 
5,112 
4,221 
-   Spain 
454 
440 
1,235 
1,167 
1,689 
1,607 
-   Switzerland  
310 
297 
440 
429 
751 
726 
-   Americas & Southern Europe 
1,054 
895 
1,004 
885 
2,058 
1,780 
-   Asia 
197 
0 
418 
108 
615 
108 
Group holdings and other companies 
26 
27 
1,698 
1,073 
1,724 
1,100 
-   of which Europe Assistance 
22 
23 
1,402 
790 
1,424 
814 
Total 
9,918 
8,649 
17,433 
14,399 
27,351 
23,048 
 
The following table sets out the combined ratio, the loss ratio and the expense ratio of some 
selected geographical areas in which the Generali Group is present with its non-life operations, 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021.  
Combined ratio(*) 
Loss ratio 
Expense ratio 
For the years ended 31 December 
2022
2021
2022
2021
2022
2021
Italy 
93.2%
91.3%
65.0%
64.0%
28.2%
27.3%
France 
98.1%
97.9%
71.9%
70.6%
26.2%
27.3%
Germany 
91.8%
87.1%
61.9%
57.4%
29.9%
29.6%
Austria & CEE  
86.4%
84.2%
57.8%
55.6%
28.7%
28.5%
International 
100.0%
94.7%
68.7%
65.9%
31.4%
28.8%
-   Spain 
99.0%
93.2%
69.9%
65.9%
29.0%
27.3%
-   Switzerland 
95.0%
92.4%
66.1%
65.7%
28.8%
26.7%
-   Americas & Southern Europe 
103.0%
96.2%
72.0%
65.7%
31.0%
30.4%
-   Asia 
99.0%
99.2%
58.2%
67.7%
40.8%
31.5%
Group holdings and other companies 
88.7%
92.7%
63.3%
66.6%
25.4%
26.1%
-   of which Europe Assistance 
95.0%
92.3%
66.6%
61.8%
28.4%
30.6%
Total 
93.2%
90.8%
64.5%
62.6%
28.7%
28.2%
(*) CAT claims impacted the on the Group combined ratio for 2.6 p.p., of which 3.3 p.p. in Italy, 3.8 p.p. in France, 2.8 p.p. in Germany, 2.5 
p.p. in ACEE (as at 31 December 2021, CAT claims impacted on the Group combined ratio for 2.2 p.p., of which 3.2 p.p. in Italy, 2.1 p.p. in 
France, 4.2 p.p. in Germany and 3.7 p.p. in ACEE).  
 
See further the paragraph "P&C Segment" at pages 134 – 140 of the 2022 Annual Report, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 504 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 501 - 
47-41052088 
 
Generali Group Asset & Wealth Management business  
The Group's Asset & Wealth Management business is a strategic pillar of the 2022-2024 
Strategic Plan. This business unit comprises the activities of Banca Generali group as well as 
asset management companies of the Group that provide products and services for both the 
insurance companies of the General Group and for third-party customers. The objective of this 
business unit is to identify investment opportunities and sources of growth for all its clients 
while managing risks, offering solutions to help investors unlock opportunities and generate 
long-term performance.  
Companies operating in this business unit are characterised by their investment capabilities 
across traditional and alternative asset classes, specialisation in institutional and retail clients, 
insurance companies and pension funds (liability-driven investors), and expertise on both 
traditional strategies and high conviction or alternative strategies (such as, for example, real 
assets). The Group offers a comprehensive product range, including equity and fixed income 
funds as well as alternative products. Asset Management activities operate under the Generali 
Investments umbrella brand (Generali Investments is an ecosystem of asset management firms 
in which the Group has majority holding and co-investment), while Wealth Management 
activities are carried out through the network of consultants of Banca Generali, a leading 
private bank in Italy focusing on financial planning and asset protection for customers. 
Operating result of the Asset & Wealth Management segment in 2022 was €972 million 
(€1,076 million in 2021), of which €638 million (€672 million in 2021) attributable to Asset 
Management activities and €334 million (€405 million in 2021) attributable to Banca General 
group. Total assets under management managed by Asset Management companies amounted 
to Euro 504.7 billion as at 31 December 2022 (Euro 575.3 billion as at 31 December 2021), of 
which third-party assets under management managed by Asset Management companies 
amounted to Euro 102.1 billion as at 31 December 2022 (Euro 113 billon as at 31 December 
2021).  
The following table sets forth selected figures of the Group's Asset & Management 
segment for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
For the years ended 
31 December 
2022
2021 
(millions of Euros) 
Asset & Wealth Management operating result 
972
1,076 
Acquisition and administration costs 
-663
-612 
Fee and commission income and income from financial service activities 
1,342
1,553 
Net income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
313
-135 
Net operating income from other financial instruments 
-41
271 
Net other operating expenses 
20
-1 
Asset & Wealth Management non-operating result 
-13
-25 
Net non-operating income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
1
0 
Net operating income from other financial instruments 
-1
0 
Net other non-operating expenses 
-13
-25 
Asset & Wealth Management earnings before taxes 
959
1,051 
 
See further the paragraph "Asset & Wealth Management Segment" at pages 141 – 142 of the 
2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 505 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 502 - 
47-41052088 
 
Regulatory 
Italian insurance and reinsurance companies are subject to the application of a multi-level 
system of rules. 
From an Italian law perspective, in primis, the Italian Civil Code contains certain provisions 
applicable to the insurance matter, including, in particular, life and non-life insurance contracts. 
In addition to the Italian Civil Code provisions, insurance laws are consolidated into the 
Legislative Decree No. 209/2005, as amended from time to time ("Code of Private Insurance" 
(Codice delle Assicurazioni Private)). Such provisions of law related to the insurance sector 
are integrated, at national level, by regulations issued by the Ministero dello Sviluppo 
Economico (the "Ministry of Economic Development" formerly, Ministero delle Attività 
Produttive (the Ministry of Industry and Commerce)) and implemented by regulations issued 
by the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni ("IVASS"). 
From a European law perspective, Italian insurance companies are subject to EU Directives 
mainly concerning the insurance sector and to the relevant applicable implementing rules 
(including, without limitation, the EU Directives on life insurance, non-life insurance, solvency 
matters, etc.). Among the most relevant European laws, it is worth mentioning the EU Directive 
2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 (so called "Solvency II Directive") providing rules on: (i) 
minimum financial requirements to cover risks; (ii) governance and risk management 
requirements; and (iii) disclosure and transparency requirements. The Solvency II Directive 
has been implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 74 of 12 May 2015, that integrated 
and amended the aforementioned Code of Private Insurance.  
Under the national legal framework, the provisions of the Code of Private Insurance, inter alia: 
(i) regulate access to insurance and reinsurance activities; (ii) require the maintenance of certain 
solvency margins, in part through a guarantee fund; (iii) determine the form of financial 
statements for insurance companies; and (iv) regulate the activities of insurance intermediaries. 
Following the entry into force of Legislative Decree No. 74 of 12 May 2015, implementing 
Solvency II Directive in Italy, many articles of the Code of Private Insurance, including articles 
44 and 44-bis concerning the solvency margin of insurance undertakings, were repealed or 
amended. In addition, mainly during 2015 and 2016, in order to implement Solvency II 
Directive, IVASS published a considerable number of consultation papers and new regulations 
on different matters (by way of example, Regulation No. 33/2016 concerning public disclosure 
and reporting to IVASS; Regulation No. 32/2016 on risk and solvency assessment – ORSA; 
Regulation No. 24/2016 on investments and assets covering technical provisions; Regulation 
No. 13/2015 concerning the ancillary own-fund items and several regulations concerning the 
application of the risk modules provided by the Solvency II framework). Under the national 
regulatory framework currently in force, a very important role is granted to IVASS. In 
particular, with the exception of certain powers specifically reserved for the Ministry of 
Economic Development, all control and supervisory powers in respect of the insurance industry 
are autonomously exercised by IVASS. IVASS's role includes, inter alia: (i) monitoring 
technical, financial and asset and liability management and monitoring solvency ratios; (ii) 
reviewing financial statements; (iii) supervising the activities of insurance intermediaries; (iv) 
granting authorisation to conduct insurance and reinsurance activities; (v) applying sanctions 
and proposing disciplinary measures vis-à-vis insurance and reinsurance companies as well as 
insurance intermediaries, including suspension or revocation of authorisations to conduct 
insurance and reinsurance activities; (vi) approving restructuring plans; (vii) advising the 
Ministry of Economic Development with respect to admission to the compulsory liquidation 
procedure for financially troubled insurance entities; and (viii) communicating and 
collaborating with other EU insurance regulatory authorities. IVASS has the power to request

--- Page 506 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 503 - 
47-41052088 
 
information from insurance companies, conduct audits of their activities, question their legal 
representatives, managing directors and statutory auditors and convene shareholders', directors' 
and statutory auditors' meetings in order to propose measures necessary to conform the 
management of insurance companies to the requirements provided by applicable laws and 
regulations. Furthermore, IVASS has the power to order the sale or decrease of shareholdings 
held by an insurance undertaking in other companies, if they do not meet the requirements set 
forth in applicable laws and regulations and there is a risk to the soundness of the insurance 
company. 
Finally, the regulatory framework applicable to Italian insurance companies, requires insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings to establish and maintain a regular contact with IVASS.  
Corporate Governance Rules 
Assicurazioni Generali has adopted the traditional Italian administration and governance 
system, which consists of two bodies appointed by the general meeting of shareholders: a Board 
of Directors (currently 13 members), holding full powers for ordinary and extraordinary 
management of the parent company and the Group, and a Board of Statutory Auditors, which 
oversees administration and compliance with the law and Assicurazioni Generali's By-Laws. 
The statutory audit is carried out by an independent auditing firm (see further " – Independent 
Auditors" below).  
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali in office at the date of this Base Prospectus 
has been appointed at the ordinary general meeting of Assicurazioni Generali held on 29 April 
2022 for a term expiring on approval of the financial statements for the year ending 31 
December 2024, other than Stefano Marsaglia who has been previously co-opted to replace an 
outgoing member of the Board and whose appointment has been confirmed at the ordinary 
general meeting of shareholders held on 28 April 2023.  
Generali's By-Laws provide for the appointment of board of directors according to the slate 
voting system (voto di lista). Lists may be submitted by shareholders who, either individually 
or jointly with others, represent at least 0.5% of the share capital and by the outgoing Board of 
Directors. Pursuant to article 28 of Generali's By-Laws, if two lists are submitted, all members 
of the board of directors to be elected shall be drawn from the list that has obtained the highest 
number of votes cast by shareholders (the "Majority List") based on the order in which the 
candidates are listed, save for three directors who shall be drawn from the list that finished 
second by number of votes (disregarding the votes of any shareholders who are directly or 
indirectly connected to those who have submitted or have voted for the Majority List). If more 
than two lists have been submitted, four directors (if the number of directors to be elected set 
by the Meeting is less than or equal to fourteen) or five directors (if the number of directors to 
be elected set by the Meeting is equal to or greater than fifteen) shall be drawn from the two 
lists, after the Majority List, that have obtained the second and third highest number of votes 
(respectively, the "First Minority List" and the "Second Minority List"), provided that the 
Second Minority List has obtained a number of votes corresponding to at least 5% of the share 
capital. For a detailed description of the slate voting system, see further article 28 of Generali's 
By-Laws, which is available under the Governance section of its website. 
The composition of the Board of Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus is set out 
below:

--- Page 507 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 504 - 
47-41052088 
 
Position 
Name 
Principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Assicurazioni Generali Group 
Chair 
Andrea Sironi 
(*) 
Chair of Bocconi University Milan; Chair of the AIRC Foundation 
for Cancer Research; Member of the Corporate Governance 
Committee of Borsa Italiana; Member of the Executive Committee 
of Assonime; Member of the Board of Directors of the Italian 
Institute for International Political Studies (ISPI); Member of the 
European Financial Services Round Table (EFR). 
Managing 
Director, 
Group 
CEO 
and 
Chairman of the Group 
Management 
Committee 
Philippe 
Donnet 
Chairman of Generali Services Pte. Ltd.; Member of the Board of 
Directors of Fondazione Generali – The Human Safety Net 
ONLUS; Member of the General Council of Fondazione Giorgio 
Cini. 
Directors 
Marina Brogi 
(*) 
Independent director, Chair of the ESG Committee and 
Member of the Nomination and remuneration and Related 
parties committees of Media for Europe NV; Independent 
Director of Epta S.p.A. and Guala Closures S.p.A.; Member of 
the CFA Institute Systemic Risk Council; Member of the MSCI 
Thought Leadership Council on Corporate Governance 
Fundamentals; Worldwide co-Chair of the WCD Family 
Business and Private Companies Council of Women Corporate 
Directors (WCD); Member of the jury of the Sustainable 
Enterprise Award promoted by the 24 Ore Group; Chair of the 
Scientific Committee of the Italian Association of Financial 
Industry Risk Managers (AIFIRM). 
 
Flavio 
Cattaneo (*) 
Executive Vice-Chair of Italo-NTV S.p.A.; Member of the Board 
of Directors of Itabus S.p.A. and of Essecieffe lnvestments S.r.l. 
 
Alessia 
Falsarone (*)  
Member of the Operating Board and of the Risk and Audit 
Committee of OpenCorporates Ltd (UK); Member of the 
London Stock Exchange's Sustainable Bond Market Advisory 
Group; Member of the Technical Reference Group of the 
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB); Member 
of the Technical Advisory Group – ESG Ecosystem, American 
National Standards Institute (ANSI); Member of the Fintech 
Advisory Board, Center for Financial Professionals (UK); 
Chair of the Governance and Appointments Committee and 
chair of the Finance and Audit Committee of the International 
Education and Resource Network (iEarn-USA), digital school 
of the future - World Economic Forum. 
 
Clara 
Furse 
(*) 
Non- executive Director of Vodafone Group Plc; Chair of HSBC 
UK; Member of Senior Advisory Council at Chatham House; 
Chair of the UK Voluntary Carbon Markets Forum. 
 
Umberto 
Malesci (*) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Italian Institute of 
Technology; Member of the Board of Directors of Tanaza S.p.A. 
 
Stefano 
Marsaglia (*) 
CEO of Azzurra Capital Management FZE; Member of the 
Advisory Board of Afiniti; Member of the Board of Directors 
of Fluentify; Member of the Advisory Board of Artemest; 
Member of the Advisory Board of Fordham University 
 
Antonella 
Mei-Pochtler 
(*) 
Member of the Supervisory Board, the Compensation Committee, 
the Strategic Committee and of the Sustainability Committee of 
Publicis Groupe SA; Member of the Supervisory Board, the Audit 
Committee and of the Appointments Committee of ProSiebenSat.1 
SE; Deputy Chair of the Supervisory Board and Chair of the

--- Page 508 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 505 - 
47-41052088 
 
Position 
Name 
Principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Assicurazioni Generali Group 
Remuneration Committee of Westwing Group SE; Member of the 
Supervisory Board of ISI Automotive Group GmbH. 
 
Diva Moriani 
(*) 
Executive Deputy Chair of KME Group S.p.A.; Member of the 
Board of Directors, Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and Member of the Related Parties Committee of 
Moncler S.p.A.; Member of the Board of Directors of Culti Milano 
S.p.A. (company that belongs to KME Group S.p.A.); Member of 
the Board of Directors of Dynamo Academy, Dynamo Foundation 
and Dynamo Association. 
 
Lorenzo 
Pellicioli 
Executive Chair of De Agostini S.p.A; Member of the Board of 
Directors of B&D Holding S.p.A.; Member of the advisory board 
of Palamon Capital Partners. 
 
Clemente 
Rebecchini 
Member of the Board of Directors of Burgo Group S.p.A. and of 
Istituto Europeo di Oncologia S.r.l.; Key manager, head of 
Principal Investing Division of Mediobanca S.p.A. 
 
Luisa Torchia 
(*) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Almawave S.p.A.; Member 
of the Supervisory Board of Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio of 
Bologna; founding partner and Member of the General Council of 
Icon-S (International Society of Public Law); Member of the 
Advisory Board of Oxera; Member of the Scientific Committee of 
Assosim; Member of the Board of Directors of the Basso 
Foundation. 
(*) independent pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code 
 
In accordance with Generali's Code of Corporate Governance and its internal regulations 
(Regulation of the Board of Directors and of the Board Committees), a "significant 
shareholder" is defined as "a natural person or corporation who directly or indirectly, also 
through subsidiaries, trustees or third parties, controls the company or is able to exercise a 
significant influence over it, or who is part, directly or indirectly, of a shareholders' agreement 
through which one or more parties exercise control or a significant influence over the company. 
In this connection, "significant influence" indicates a situation where a natural person or 
corporation holds, directly or indirectly, also through subsidiaries, trustees or third parties, an 
interest greater than 3% of the company's shares with voting rights. Therefore, a director who 
is a significant shareholder, as well as a director who is, or has been, in the previous three 
financial years, an executive director or employee of Generali, a strategic subsidiary of 
Generali or a company subject to joint control, or of a significant shareholder of Generali, is 
considered non-independent.  
The Board of Directors has established six Committees with advisory, proposing and 
investigating responsibilities towards the Board: the Related Party Transactions Committee, 
the Risk and Control Committee, the Remuneration and Human Resources Committee, the 
Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee, the Innovation, Social and Environmental 
Sustainability Committee and the Investment Committee. 
The business address of each of the Directors is Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi, 2, 34132 Trieste, 
Italy.

--- Page 509 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 506 - 
47-41052088 
 
Conflicts of Interest of members of the Board of Directors 
The Directors of Assicurazioni Generali may, from time to time, hold directorships or other 
significant interests with companies outside the Generali Group, which may have business 
relationships with the Generali Group. Assicurazioni Generali has in place procedures, as 
required by Articles 2391 and 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code, aimed at identifying and 
managing any conflicts or potential conflicts of interests, to ensure, where possible, that no 
actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise, and to guarantee, as required by the Regulation 
17221 of 12 March 2010, as amended (Regolamento Operazioni con Parti Correlate) approved 
by CONSOB (the Italian Securities and Exchange Commission), that related party transactions 
are performed in accordance with the principle of transparency and substantive and procedural 
correctness.  
There are no (potential) conflicts of interest between any of the Directors' duties to 
Assicurazioni Generali and their private interests or other duties, other than that Clemente 
Rebecchini is a manager of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., a significant 
shareholder of Generali and who is also a dealer to the Programme. See also "Board of 
Directors" above for the other directors who are considered to be non-independent. Internal 
rules are in place for situations where conflicts of interests arise, and directors who are in a 
situation of conflict of interest are required to notify the Board in compliance with Article 2391 
of the Italian Civil Code. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Pursuant to Italian law, Assicurazioni Generali maintains a Board of Statutory Auditors 
(Collegio Sindacale), whose members must meet the requirements of professionalism, 
respectability and independence laid down by the applicable legislation. At least one permanent 
member and one alternate member must be chosen from the register of auditors. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors consists of three permanent and two alternate auditors, who 
may be re-elected. Once elected, auditors shall forfeit their assignment should situations of 
incompatibility arise, as envisaged by the law, and should they hold the office of permanent 
auditor in more than five Italian firms listed on the Italian regulated markets.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors in charge (whose members were elected pursuant to the list 
of candidates submitted by shareholders in accordance with the provisions set out in article 37 
of the by-laws of Assicurazioni Generali) was appointed at the General Meeting of 
Assicurazioni Generali held on 28 April 2023 for a term expiring on approval of the financial 
statements for the year ending 31 December 2025. The Board of Statutory Auditors is currently 
made up of the following members:  
Name 
Office held 
Carlo Schiavone 
Chair 
Paolo Ratti 
Permanent Auditor 
Sara Landini 
Permanent Auditor 
Giuseppe Melis 
Alternate Auditor 
Michele Pizzo 
Alternate Auditor 
 
The business address of the Statutory Auditors is Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi 2, 34132 Trieste, 
Italy.

--- Page 510 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 507 - 
47-41052088 
 
Independent Auditors 
The Ordinary General Meeting of Assicurazioni Generali held on 7 May 2019 appointed 
KPMG S.p.A. to audit the annual non-consolidated and consolidated financial statements of 
Assicurazioni Generali for the 2021 – 2029 financial years and to review the interim 
consolidated financial statements at June 30 of each of such years. 
KPMG S.p.A. is authorised and regulated by the Italian ministry of Economy and Finance 
("MEF") and is registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2022 the Generali Group's consolidated companies had 82,061 employees 
compared to 74,621 as at 31 December 2021 and 72,644 as at 31 December 2020. 
Assicurazioni Generali shares and shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Assicurazioni Generali totalled Euro 
1,592,382,832.00, comprised of 1,559,281,461 ordinary shares with voting rights. 
Assicurazioni Generali has not issued any participation certificates or profit-sharing certificates.  
As at 17 April 2023, on the basis of information available to the Issuer, the principal 
shareholders of Assicurazioni Generali with a holding in excess of 3% were Mediobanca Group 
(Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. is one of the Dealers of the Programme, 
holding, directly and indirectly, 13.10%), Caltagirone Group (holding indirectly 6.23%), Del 
Vecchio Group (Delfin S.à R.L. holding directly 9.77%) and Benetton Group (holding directly 
and indirectly 4.83%). 
As at 28 April 2023, Generali and its subsidiaries owned 17,059,872 treasury shares, equal to 
1.09% of the company's share capital. 
Cash Dividend 
Dividend per share of Assicurazioni Generali amounted to Euro 0.50 in 2019 (representing the 
first tranche of the Euro 0.96 per share dividend originally proposed for 2019), Euro 0.90 in 
2018, Euro 0.85 in 2017, Euro 0.80 in 2016 and Euro 0.72 in 2015. The payment of a dividend 
for each share of Euro 1.47 for the 2020 financial year has been approved by the shareholders 
at the Annual General Meeting held on 29 April 2021. The 2020 dividend was divided in two 
tranches of Euro 1.01 (representing the ordinary pay-out from 2020 earnings) and Euro 0.46 
(relating to the second part of the 2019 retained dividend, which was paid following approval 
by the Board of Directors on 1 October 2021), respectively. The 2021 dividend per share of 
€1.07 was approved at the shareholders meeting of 29 April 2022. A dividend per share of €1.16 
was approved at the shareholders meeting of 28 April 2023. 
Shareholders' funds 
As at 31 December 2022, Assicurazioni Generali's shareholders' equity attributable to the 
Group amounted to Euro 16,201 million (compared to Euro 29,308 million as at 31 December 
2020). Shareholders' equity attributable to minority interests totalled Euro 1,936 million for 
2021 (Euro 2,568 million for 2020).  
Changes to Assicurazioni Generali's interest in shareholders' funds are reported in the notes to 
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 and in the

--- Page 511 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 508 - 
47-41052088 
 
paragraph "Our Financial Performance – Group's financial position - Group shareholders' 
equity and solvency" from the Management Report of the 2022 Annual Report. See 
"Information incorporated by reference". 
Litigation pending 
Within the scope of their business activities, the companies of the Generali Group are involved 
in litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings in Italy and abroad both as plaintiffs or 
petitioners, and as defendants or respondents.  
Where required by the applicable accounting principles, specific provisions have been made 
by the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 to cover the related 
potential liabilities. Based on the information currently available and taking into consideration 
the aforementioned provision, Assicurazioni Generali does not foresee that the outcome of its 
pending or threatened proceedings are likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material 
effect on the results of operations or financial position of Assicurazioni Generali or on the 
Generali Group as a whole. For further information, please refer to paragraph headed 
"Litigation" and paragraph headed "Part A: Results of operations – Significant operations" 
both in the Management Report of Assicurazioni Generali’s non-consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Recent developments  
Indian P&C insurance joint venture 
Following the agreement signed in January 2022, Generali completed the acquisition from 
Future Enterprises Limited of 25% of the shares of Future Generali India Insurance (FGII), 
following receipt of all necessary approvals from the relevant regulatory and competition 
authorities, thus holding a stake of approximately 74% in FGII. The transaction is fully in line 
with the 'Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth' strategy, strengthening Generali's position in 
fast-growing markets and confirms the Group's commitment to deliver profitable growth whilst 
creating value for stakeholders.  
Acquisition of 100% of Cattolica and delisting of Cattolica shares 
In May 2021, Generali launched a tender offer on the ordinary shares of Società Cattolica di 
Assicurazione S.p.A. ("Cattolica"). Following the reverse accelerated book-building executed 
in May 2022 and the subsequent purchase of the outstanding residual shares from the remaining 
shareholders who exercised their 'sell-out' right, and after a series of purchases, on 3 August 
2023 Generali announced that it held 97.36% of the share capital of Cattolica and its intention 
to exercise the 'squeeze-out' right to purchase the residual outstanding shares of Cattolica. 
Following transfer of ownership of the remaining Cattolica shares to Generali with effect on 
12 August 2022, the Cattolica shares were delisted from the Italian Stock Exchange.  
Early redemption of subordinated notes 
The €750,000,000 10.125% Fixed-Floating Rate Notes due July 2042 (XS0802638642), of 
which a principal amount of €301,600,000 was outstanding, were redeemed by Generali on 10 
July 2022, following exercise by Generali of the early redemption option that was notified to 
the noteholders in May 2022.

--- Page 512 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 509 - 
47-41052088 
 
The €1,250,000,000 7.75% Fixed-Floating Rate Notes due December 2042 (XS08063907522), 
of which a principal amount of €467,600,000 was outstanding, were redeemed by Generali on 
12 December 2022, following exercise by Generali of the early redemption option that was 
notified to the noteholders in October 2022. 
Issuance of green bond 
On 6 July 2022, Generali issued a new series of Euro denominated Tier 2 notes due July 2032. 
The notes were issued in "green" format in accordance with its Sustainability Bond Framework, 
confirming Generali's commitment on sustainability matters.  
Acquisition of La Médicale 
On 1 July 2022, Generali announced the completion of the acquisition of La Médicale from 
Crédit Agricole Assurances, as well as the purchase from Predica S.A. (a life insurance 
company wholly owned by Crédit Agricole Assurances) of the death coverage portfolio 
marketed and managed by La Médicale, following receipt of all necessary approvals from the 
relevant regulatory and competent authorities. The acquisition is part of the Group's strategy to 
strengthen its distribution channel through agents and to consolidate its position in the 
professionals market by acquiring a specific network of independent health professionals. 
Acquisition of AXA-Affin joint ventures in Malaysia; purchase of MPI Generali 
On 30 August 2022, Generali announced acquisition of the majority stakes in the AXA-Affin 
joint ventures in Malaysia: a 70% stake in the AXA Affin Life Insurance joint venture (49% 
from AXA and 21% from Affin) and an approximate 53% stake in the AXA Affin General 
Insurance joint venture (49.99% from AXA and 3% from Affin). The acquisition enabled 
Generali to become a top-tier P&C insurer player in the country, in line with its strategy to 
strengthen its leadership position in high potential markets.  
The Group also increased its 49% stake in MPI Generali Insurans Berhad to 100%, acquiring 
the shares held by its Malaysian joint venture partner, Multi-Purpose Capital Holdings Berhad 
(MPHB Capital).  
Generali plans to integrate the businesses of MPI Generali and AXA Affin Generali Insurance. 
It is expected that on completion, Generali will hold 70% of the combined business, and Affin 
Bank will hold 30% of both the Life and P&C insurance businesses.  
The acquisitions position Generali as one of the leading insurers in the Malaysian market and 
allow Generali to access the country's Life insurance segment. Generali has also entered into 
an exclusive bancassurance agreement with Affin Bank for the sale of conventional P&C and 
Life insurance products. 
Long-term distribution agreement with CTT Group in Portugal 
On 7 November 2022, Generali announced that its Portuguese entity has entered into a long-
term distribution agreement (with renewable five-year exclusivity periods) with CTT Group, 
the Portuguese postal services group, for the distribution of Life and P&C policies through the 
CTT Group network. The partnership is reinforced by the acquisition of a stake in Banco CTT 
by Generali, through a €25 million reserved capital increase that will result in Generali 
becoming a shareholder of the institution with an approximate 8.71% stake. Completion of the 
transaction is subject to approval by the relevant regulators.

--- Page 513 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 510 - 
47-41052088 
 
Share buyback 
On 5 December 2022, Generali completed a share buyback (announced in July 2022) in 
implementation of the shareholders' resolution of 29 April 2022 that authorised the purchase 
and disposal of treasury shares (and their subsequent cancellation) for a total disbursement of 
up to €500 million and for up to 3% of the company's share capital. Upon completion, 
39,661,243 treasury shares have been repurchased (equal to 2.50% of Generali's share capital).  
The buyback programme was part of the 'Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth' strategic plan 
in relation to capital management policy and aims to make use of excess liquid funds 
accumulated during 2019-2021 that were not used for capital redeployment, as well as to 
provide shareholders with remuneration in addition to the distribution of dividends. The shares 
so purchased have been cancelled without any reduction in share capital. 
Implementation of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 
The Group will apply IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 beginning from financial statements commencing 
1 January 2023. See further the paragraph "Estimating the impact of the adoption of IFRS 17 
and IFRS 9" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2022 in the 2022 Annual Report (page 219-223), incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
Share buyback for Group Long Term Incentive Plan 
On 19 January 2023, Generali announced a share buyback for the purposes of the Group Long 
Term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan), approved by the shareholders' meeting in April 2022, and for 
other remuneration/incentive plans approved by shareholders and still under execution. The 
shareholders' meeting of April 2022 authorised the purchase of up to 10.5 million treasury 
shares, over a duration of 18 months from the date of the shareholders' meeting. 
On 13 March 2023, Generali announced that the share buyback for the LTI Plan and other 
incentive/remuneration plans under execution was completed, resulting in the Group 
purchasing 50,161,243 treasury shares (equal to 3.16% of the company's share capital). 
Approval of 2022 consolidated results 
On 13 March 2023, the Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements for 
the year 2022 (which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) and the parent 
company's draft financial statements for the year 2022. 
Modification of share capital 
On 17 April 2023, Generali announced a share capital increase from Euro 1,586,833,696 to 
Euro 1,592,382,832, further to a share capital increase connected with the 2020-2022 LTI Plan 
approved by the shareholders' meeting of 30 April 2020, and cancellation of own shares 
acquired for the purpose of the share buy-back scheme approved by the shareholders' meeting 
of 29 April 2022.  
Cash buyback and issuance of fourth green bond 
Following a cash tender offer launched by Generali on 13 April 2023 as part of its strategy to 
proactively manage its debt and optimise its regulatory capital structure, Generali purchased 
an aggregate principal amount of €499,563,000 of its €1,500,000,000 4.596% Fixed-Floating

--- Page 514 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 511 - 
47-41052088 
 
Rate Perpetual Notes (XS1140860534), corresponding to approximately 33.30% of the 
outstanding notes. Settlement of the tender offer took place on 21 April 2023. Generali also 
issued €500,000,000 5.399% Fixed Rate Tier 2 Notes due 20 April 2023 in green format as part 
of the liability management transaction. 
2023 annual shareholders' meeting 
The annual general meeting of the shareholders of Assicurazioni Generali held on 28 April 
2022 approved the parent company financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the distribution of a dividend of € 1.16 per share to shareholders, to be 
paid as from 24 May 2023. The meeting also appointed the current Board of Statutory Auditors 
for the three-year period 2023-2025 (see further the paragraph "Board of Statutory Auditors" 
above) and the remuneration of its members. Furthermore, the annual general meeting: 
- 
approved the Report on the Remuneration Policy and expressed a nonbinding positive 
resolution on the Report on payments 
- 
the Group Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) 2023-2025, which provides for the 
assignment of a maximum 11 million and 300 thousand shares. In light of this, it authorised 
the purchase – over a period of 18 months from the date of the meeting – of its own shares 
to make them available to service the remuneration and incentive plans for a maximum 
11,300,000 shares, in compliance with applicable legislation and regulations; 
- 
the Share Plan for Generali Group employees (with the exception of the members of the 
Group Management Committee and the Global Leadership Group), with the aim of 
promoting the achievement of strategic objectives, a culture of ownership and 
empowerment and the participation of employees to the Group’s sustainable value creation. 
To enable the plan, the annual general meeting also authorised the purchase and disposal 
of a maximum of 9 million of treasury shares, for a period of 18 months from the date of 
the meeting, in compliance with applicable legislation and regulations; 
- 
the modification of fees for the statutory audit engagement in favour of the auditing firm 
KPMG S.p.A., specifically for the statutory audit of Generali's accounts for each of the 
financial years ending on, and between, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2029.  
Agreement to dispose of Generali Deutschland Pensionskasse 
On 4 May 2023, Generali announced that it has reached an agreement with Frankfurter Leben 
for the disposal of Generali Deutschland Pensionskasse AG. The transaction is aligned with 
Generali's "Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth" strategy, to enhance its earnings profile 
through continuous improvement in the profile and profitability of the Life business, reducing 
capital intensity and enhancing operating results. The transaction is expected to be completed 
by the end of 2023, subject to the approval of the German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (BaFin) and the responsible local antitrust authorities. 
Approval of 1Q 2023 results 
On 24 May 2023, the Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali approved the consolidated 
results and financial information of the Group as at and for the three months ended 31 March 
2023. See further press release dated 25 May 2023 incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Regulatory capital adequacy

--- Page 515 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 512 - 
47-41052088 
 
The Group's Solvency II ratio is defined as the ratio between Group Own Funds and Solvency 
Capital Requirement, determined according to the Solvency II Directive.  
The Group uses its Partial Internal Model ("PIM") which has been approved by IVASS to 
calculate capital requirements to better reflect its risk profile. The Group IM authorisation was 
granted for all major business units, being Italy, Germany, France, Austria, Switzerland, Czech 
Republic and Spain, and at Group level, the Group's PIM covers all quantifiable risks (main 
risks according to the Group risk map) of the Group. The Solvency Ratio is calculated with the 
IM for the Group legal entities for which authorisation has been granted, while other insurance 
entities adopt the standard formula. Other financial regulated entities contribute to the Group 
Solvency Ratio based on local sectoral regulatory requirements (mostly banks, pension funds 
and asset managers). See further the paragraph headed "Group Partial Internal Model (Group 
PIM)" in Part C (Solvency Position) of the Risk Report (pages 152-157) contained in the 2022 
Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
As at 31 December 2022, the Group's Solvency II ratio amounted to 221% (227% as at 31 
December 2021), with a position of the Group's Own Funds and Solvency Capital Requirement 
respectively at €46,395 million and €21,024 million (€50,622 million and €22,288 million as 
at 31 December 2021). During the year, the Group's solvency has been supported by the strong 
contribution of the normalised capital generation and by positive variances, which have only 
partially offset the impacts of regulatory changes, M&A operations and capital movements 
(including foreseeable dividend and buy-back). 
The following tables set forth the Eligible Own Funds and Solvency Capital Requirements as 
well as Minimum Capital Requirements of the Group as of 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
SCR coverage 
 
 
 
Eligible own funds to meet SCR (Euros in millions) 
46,395 
50,622 
44,428 
Solvency capital requirement (Euros in millions) 
21,024 
22,288 
19,850 
SCR coverage ratio (%) 
221% 
227% 
224% 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
MCR coverage 
 
 
 
Eligible own funds to meet MCR (Euros in millions) 
41,222 
45,928 
40,229 
Minimum capital requirement (Euros in millions) 
16,648 
18,148 
16,569 
MCR coverage ratio (%) 
248% 
253% 
243% 
 
The following tables set forth the Eligible Own Funds and Solvency Capital Requirements as 
well as Minimum Capital Requirements of Generali on a solo basis, as of 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020.  
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
SCR coverage 
 
 
 
Eligible own funds to meet SCR (Euros in millions) 
47,114 
51,116 
45,887 
Solvency capital requirement (Euros in millions) 
16,855 
18,515 
17,728 
SCR coverage ratio (%) 
279.5% 
276.1% 
258.8% 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
MCR coverage 
 
 
 
Eligible own funds to meet MCR (Euros in millions) 
42,708 
45,973 
40,348 
Minimum capital requirement (Euros in millions) 
4,214 
4,629 
4,432 
MCR coverage ratio (%) 
1,013.5% 
993.2% 
910.4%

--- Page 516 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 513 - 
47-41052088 
 
The following table illustrates the distance to Trigger Events (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes), calculated as the difference between the amount of 
eligible own funds and the relevant capital requirement, of the Issuer at solo and group level as 
at 31 December 2022. 
Distance to Trigger Events 
Solo 
Group  
 
31.12.2022 
 
(euro in millions, save for percentage) 
Own funds eligible to meet Solvency Capital Requirement 
47,114 
46,395 
SCR coverage ratio 
279.5% 
221% 
Solvency Capital Requirement  
16,855 
21,024 
- 
Distance to 100% Solvency Capital Requirement 
30,259 
25,371 
- 
Distance to 75% Solvency Capital Requirement 
34,473 
30,627 
 
 
 
Own funds eligible to meet Minimum Capital Requirement 
42,708 
41,222 
MCR coverage ratio 
1,013.5% 
248% 
Minimum Capital Requirement  
4,214 
16,648 
- 
Distance to Minimum Capital Requirement 
38,494 
24,574 
 
Distributable Items 
Assicurazioni Generali prepares its non-consolidated financial statements according to Italian 
General Accepted Accounting Principles, in compliance with Legislative Decree no. 209 of 7 
September 2005 (Code of the Private Insurance) in force as at the reference date as well as with 
Legislative Decree no. 173 of 26 May 1997 (as amended by Legislative Decree 139 of 18 
August 2015 and by Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and integrated). 
In addition, provisions of the ISVAP (now IVASS) Regulation no. 22 of 4 April 2008 (as 
amended and integrated by other implementing regulations issued by the regulatory authority 
and by CONSOB) are applied.  
The following table sets forth the available Distributable Items (calculated on an 
unconsolidated basis) of Assicurazioni Generali as at 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, and 
the items derived from its audited non-consolidated financial statements as of and for the years 
then ended that affect the calculation of the Issuer's available Distributable Items.4  
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
 
(euro in thousands) 
Share premium reserve 
3,568,250 
3,568,250 
3,568,250 
Revaluation reserves (1) 
2,010,835 
2,010,835 
2,010,835 
Merger residual reserve (2) 
5,353,529 
5,353,529 
4,155,965 
Extraordinary reserve (2) 
3,447,417 
3,320,461 
2,671,159 
Profit/Loss for the financial year  
2,820,528 
1,846,867 
2,969,918 
Distributable Items before allocation of the Profit (Loss) to legal reserve 
(unaudited) 
17,200,559 
16,099,942 15,376,127 
 
 
 
 
Allocation of Profit (Loss) to legal reserve (3) 
1,158 
1,105 
1,003 
 
 
 
 
Distributable Items (unaudited) 
17,199,401 
16,098,837 15,375,124 
 
4  As defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Restricted Tier 1 Notes, "Distributable Items" means, with 
respect to and as at any Interest Payment Date (and any other date on which interest is due to be paid on the 
Notes), without double-counting, an amount equal to: (i) retained earnings and distributable reserves of the 
Issuer, calculated on an unconsolidated basis, as at the last calendar day of then most recently ended financial 
year of the Issuer; plus (ii) the interim retained earnings (if any) of the Issuer, calculated on an unconsolidated 
basis, for the period from the Issuer's then latest financial year end to (but excluding) such date; less (iii) the 
interim net loss (if any) of the Issuer, calculated on an unconsolidated basis, for the period from the Issuer's 
then latest financial year end to (but excluding) such date, each as defined under national law, or in the by-
laws of the Issuer and subject as otherwise specified from time to time in the Applicable Regulations.

--- Page 517 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 514 - 
47-41052088 
 
(1) include revaluation reserves pursuant to Law 413/1991, Law 168/1982, Law 904/1977, Law 266/2005, Law 2/2009, Law 
576/1975 and Law 72/1983. See further Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements, Part B (Information on the 
Balance Sheet and the Profit and Loss Account) Section 8, paragraph 8.3(b) (Details of the revaluation reserves – Item 
A.III) (page 190) of Assicurazioni Generali's non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, and the corresponding note in the non-consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, available on the Issuer's website.  
(2) see further Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements, Part B (Information on the Balance Sheet and the Profit 
and Loss Account) Section 8, paragraph 8.4(d) (Details of the other reserves – Item A.VII) (page 191) of Assicurazioni 
Generali's non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, incorporated by reference 
in this Prospectus, and the corresponding note in the non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022, available on the Issuer's website.   
(3) For further details on the manner in which the unconsolidated profit for the 2020 and 2021 financial years has been 
allocated, see "Result for the year and proposed shareholders' resolutions" on page 105 and 126, respectively, of the non-
consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021. Further details on the 
proposed allocation of the unconsolidated profit for the 2022 financial year can be found in the section "Result for the year 
and proposed shareholders' resolutions" of the non-consolidated annual financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022, available on the Issuer's website. 
 
Sensitivity Analysis 
In addition to the calculation of the Solvency Capital Requirement, the Group regularly 
performs sensitivity analyses of the variability of its Solvency Ratio to changes in specific risk 
factors. The aim of these analyses is to assess the resilience of the Group capital position to the 
main risk drivers and evaluate the impact of a wider range of shocks. See further the paragraph 
headed "Sensitivity Analysis" in Part C (Solvency Position) of the Risk Report (pages 155 - 156) 
contained in the 2022 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Financial indebtedness 
The following table sets forth the Group's financial debt composition as at 31 December 2022 
and 2021, and interest expenses during the years then ended.  
 
As at and for the years ended 
31 December 
 
2022 
2021(3) 
 
(euro in millions) 
Liabilities linked to operating activities 
38,483 
37,053 
Liabilities linked to financing activities 
10,170 
10,660 
- 
Subordinated liabilities  
8,266 
8,760 
- 
Senior bonds  
1,739 
1,737 
- 
Other non-subordinated liabilities linked to financing activities 
166 
163 
Total 
48,653 
47,713 
Interest expense on liabilities linked to operating activities 
243 
222 
Interest expense on liabilities linked to financing activities 
471 
478 
Total (*) 
715 
700 
(*) without taking into account the interest expenses on liabilities linked to operating activities of the real estate development 
companies, classified among the other expenses, as well as the interest on deposit under reinsurance business accepted, 
deducted from the related interest income. 
Generali has a proactive approach to debt management aimed at rebalancing the debt maturity 
profile while optimising its Solvency II position, in terms of capital quality. This approach has 
been implemented through the following transactions:  
- 
two liability management transactions launched in September 2019 and July 2020, in order 
to smoothen the 2022 maturity peak resulting in a more balanced debt profile; and a further 
liability management transaction in April 2023 as part of Generali's strategy to proactively 
manage its debt and optimise its regulatory capital structure: the first transaction led to €250

--- Page 518 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 515 - 
47-41052088 
 
deleveraging while the second and third transactions, though substantially neutral in terms 
of outstanding debt, contributed to further reduce the refinancing risk; 
− redemption in January 2020 of €1.25 billion senior debt with internal resources; 
 
− early redemption in February 2022 of a legacy Tier 1 instrument with a principal amount 
outstanding of £167 million; and in December 2022 of a Tier 2 instrument with a principal 
amount outstanding of €467,600,000; 
 
− issuance in June 2021 of a €500 million Tier 2 sustainability bond, in July 2022 of a €500 
million Tier 2 green bond (being Generali's third green bond issuance) and in April 2023 
of a €500 million Tier 2 green bond (being Generali's fourth green bond issuance). 
See also "Recent developments – Early redemption of subordinated notes" above. 
The Group's maturity profile has been significantly reshaped due to these transactions, thus 
avoiding peaks in specific years and with a longer average duration. The Group furthermore 
confirms its focus on sustainability as well as its commitment towards the achievement of 
sustainability targets through the issuance of bonds under its sustainability bond framework. 
See further the paragraph headed "Sustainable finance" of the Management Report in the 2022 
Annual Report (page 83) and description of Generali's Sustainability Framework for the 
issuance of green, social and sustainability bonds and green insurance linked securities in the 
section "Use of Proceeds".

--- Page 519 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 516 - 
47-41052088 
 
OVERVIEW FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
Set out below is overview financial information of Assicurazioni Generali which is derived 
from the consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali, prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. Such consolidated 
financial statements, the accompanying notes and the independent auditors' report, are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial information below should 
be read in conjunction with such financial statements, notes and reports. See also "Information 
incorporated by reference".  
Consolidated Balance Sheet of Assicurazioni Generali  
As at 31 December 
2022 
 
2021 
(millions of Euros) 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
10,901
9,970
   Goodwill 
7,919
7,607
   Other intangible assets 
2,982
2,363
TANGIBLE ASSETS 
4,073
3,990
   Land and buildings (self used)  
3,049
2,965
   Other tangible assets 
1,024
1,025
AMOUNTS CEDED TO REINSURERS FROM INSURANCE PROVISIONS 
7,268
6,646
INVESTMENTS 
451,317
527,904
   Land and buildings (investment properties)  
17,495
16,867
   Investments in subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures 
2,363
2,353
   Held to maturity investments 
2,041
1,687
   Loans and receivables 
32,921
31,420
   Available for sale financial assets 
280,422
348,572
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
116,075
127,006
of which financial assets where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders and
related to pension funds 
98,070
107,243
RECEIVABLES 
16,063
13,912
   Receivables arising out of direct insurance operations 
8,713
7,686
   Receivables arising out of reinsurance operations 
2,188
1,999
   Other receivables 
5,162
4,228
OTHER ASSETS 
22,185
15,326
   Non-current assets or disposal groups classified as held for sale 
4,157
0
   Deferred acquisition costs 
2,157
2,198
   Deferred tax assets 
5,473
3,633
   Tax receivables 
4,135
3,747
   Other assets 
6,264
5,748
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
7,243
8,476
TOTAL ASSETS 
519,051
586,225

--- Page 520 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 517 - 
47-41052088 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet of Assicurazioni Generali (cont.) 
As at 31 December 
2022 
 
2021 
(millions of Euros) 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
18,137
 
31,875
   Shareholders' equity attributable to the Group 
 
16,201
 
29,308
       Share capital 
 
1,587
 
1,581
       Other equity instruments 
 
0
 
0
       Capital reserves 
 
7,107
 
7,107
       Revenue reserves and other reserves 
 
13,530
 
12,292
       (Own shares)  
 
-583
 
-82
       Reserve for currency translation differences 
 
91
 
-93
       Reserve for unrealized gains and losses on available for sale financial assets 
 
-7,471
 
6,841
       Reserve for other unrealized gains and losses through equity 
 
-972
 
-1,185
       Result of the period 
 
2,912
 
2,847
   Shareholders' equity attributable to minority interests 
 
1,936
 
2,568
       Share capital and reserves 
 
2,084
 
1,933
       Reserve for unrealized gains and losses through equity 
 
-426
 
286
       Result of the period 
 
277
 
348
OTHER PROVISIONS 
 
2,454
 
2,424
INSURANCE PROVISIONS 
 
423,501
 
479,449
of which insurance provisions for policies where the investment risk is borne by the
policyholders and related to pension funds  
 
95,116
 
102,481
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
48,653
 
47,713
   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
10,207
 
9,317
of which financial liabilities where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders and 
related to pension funds 
 
5,256
 
6,038
   Other financial liabilities 
 
38,446
 
38,396
   of which subordinated liabilities 
 
8,266
 
8,760
PAYABLES 
 
14,035
 
13,250
   Payables arising out of direct insurance operations 
 
5,856
 
5,502
   Payables arising out of reinsurance operations 
 
1,767
 
1,460
   Other payables 
 
6,412
 
6,288
OTHER LIABILITIES 
 
12,270
 
11,512
Liabilities directly associated with non-current assets and disposal groups classified as
held for sale 
 
4,316
 
0
   Deferred tax liabilities 
 
1,257
 
3,815
   Tax payables 
 
1,874
 
2,134
   Other liabilities 
 
4,823
 
5,564
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
519,051
 
586,225

--- Page 521 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 518 - 
47-41052088 
 
Consolidated Income Statement of Assicurazioni Generali  
For the years ended 
31 December 
2022 
 
2021 
(in millions of Euros) 
Net earned premiums 
75,627 
70,684
   Gross earned premiums 
79,497 
73,985
   Earned premiums ceded 
-3,871 
-3,301
Fee and commission income and income from financial service activities 
1,889 
1,953
Net income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
-14,028 
8,834
of which net income from financial instruments where the investment risk is borne by the
policyholders and related to pension funds 
 
-13,126 
9,222
Income from subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures 
222 
245
Income from other financial instruments and land and buildings (investment properties)  
12,840 
13,164
   Interest income 
7,822 
7,449
   Other income 
3,214 
3,221
   Realized gains 
1,674 
2,409
   Unrealized gains and reversal of impairment losses 
131 
86
Other income 
4,980 
4,209
TOTAL INCOME 
81,530 
99,088
Net insurance benefits and claims 
-50,941 
-72,971
   Claims paid and change in insurance provisions 
-53,349 
-75,779
   Reinsurers' share 
2,408 
2,808
Fee and commission expenses and expenses from financial service activities 
-808 
-784
Expenses from subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures 
-26 
-10
Expenses from other financial instruments and land and buildings (investment properties)  
-4,012 
-2,203
   Interest expense 
-750 
-736
   Other expenses 
-522 
-455
   Realized losses 
-1,544 
-476
   Unrealized losses and impairment losses 
-1,195 
-536
Acquisition and administration costs 
-14,464 
-12,658
   Commissions and other acquisition costs 
-10,708 
-9,520
   Investment management expenses 
-409 
-304
   Other administration costs 
-3,347 
-2,835
Other expenses 
-6,541 
-5,883
TOTAL EXPENSES 
-76,792 
-94,509
EARNINGS BEFORE TAXES 
4,738 
4,580
Income taxes 
-1,549 
-1,384
EARNINGS AFTER TAXES 
3,189 
3,195
RESULT OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
0 
0
CONSOLIDATED RESULT OF THE PERIOD 
3,189 
3,195
   Result of the period attributable to the Group 
2,912 
2,847
   Result of the period attributable to minority interests 
277 
348
EARNINGS PER SHARE: 
 
Earnings per share (in Euros)   
1.85 
1.81
from continuing operation 
1.85 
1.81
Diluted earnings per share (in Euros)  
1.84 
1.79
from continuing operation 
1.84 
1.79

--- Page 522 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 519 - 
47-41052088 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general overview of certain tax consequences in Italy and the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to 
all categories of prospective beneficial owners of Notes, some of which may be subject to 
special rules. This overview is based upon tax laws and/or practice in force as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after 
such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this overview 
to reflect changes in law and, if any such change occurs, the information in this overview could 
be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax 
consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, 
regional or local tax laws. In particular, the Issuer does not have knowledge of certain 
information that is pertinent to the imposition of withholding taxes on payments in respect of 
the Notes and Coupons and, where taxes are to be withheld or deducted, the Noteholders and 
Couponholders' entitlement (if any) to receive additional amounts under Condition 10 
(Taxation) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Tier 3 Conditions, the 
Tier 2 Conditions and the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. Noteholders should, in all instances, 
consult their own tax advisers or financial intermediaries as to whether payments in respect of 
the Notes and Coupons received by them are subject to withholding tax, and/or whether they 
are entitled to any additional amounts referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) of the Senior 
Conditions and Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Tier 3 Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions and 
the Restricted Tier 1 Conditions. Prospective purchasers of Notes should not apply any of the 
information below to other areas including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions 
involving the Notes. 
ITALY 
Interest 
Interest and other proceeds – Notes that qualify as bonds ("obbligazioni") or debentures 
similar to bonds ("titoli similari alle obbligazioni") or as financial instruments that are 
relevant for regulatory capital adequacy piurposes 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree No. 239"), as subsequently 
amended and restated, interest and other proceeds (including the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price) ("Interest") in respect of notes that qualify as "bonds" 
("obbligazioni") or "debentures similar to bonds" ("titoli similari alle obbligazioni") for Italian 
tax purposes and that are issued, inter alia, by Italian tax resident companies whose shares are 
traded on a European regulated market may be subject to an Italian substitute tax (imposta 
sostitutiva) depending on, among others, the legal status of the beneficial owner of such Interest 
and other proceeds.  
Pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 ("Decree 
No. 917"), Notes qualify as "bonds" or "debentures similar to bonds" for Italian tax purposes 
if they (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount 
not less than their nominal amount, (ii) do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate 
in the management of the relevant issuer or the business in relation to which they are issued

--- Page 523 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 520 - 
47-41052088 
 
nor any type of control on such management, and (iii) do not provide for a remuneration which 
is linked to profits.  
Pursuant to Article 2(22) of Law Decree 13 August 2011 No. 138, converted into Law 14 
September 2011 No. 148, the tax regime set out by Decree No. 239 is applicable to the Interest 
due under financial instruments that are relevant, according to the EU and Italian domestic 
provisions, for regulatory capital adequacy purposes, issued by Italian tax resident entities 
supervised by the Italian insurance agency IVASS, other than shares or securities assimilated 
to shares. 
Italian tax resident Noteholders  
Interest on the Notes (either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof 
is obtained by the Noteholder on a sale of the relevant Notes) is subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax ("imposta sostitutiva") if the recipient is included among the following categories 
of Italian tax residents: (i) individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (ii) non-commercial partnerships, (iii) non-commercial private or public 
institutions or (iv) entities that are exempt from Italian corporate income taxation. In the event 
that the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax 
and it may be credited against the overall corporate income tax due by the taxpayer in respect 
of the income derived from its business activity which will include the Interest. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may 
be exempt from any income tax, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time 
to time applicable set forth by Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare ("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, SGRs, stockbrokers, and other entities identified by 
a Decree of the Ministry of Finance, as subsequently amended (the "Intermediaries"). In order 
to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, the Intermediaries must: 
A. 
be: (a) tax resident in Italy; or (b) non-Italian tax resident with a permanent 
establishment in Italy; or (c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, which is a 
member of a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected 
with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance (which includes 
Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes 
of Decree No. 239; and 
B. 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the substitute tax is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying Interest to the Noteholder, or absent that, by the Issuer. If Interest 
on the Notes is not collected through an Intermediary, or absent that, by the Issuer, the Italian 
resident Noteholders listed above under (i) to (iv) will be required to include Interest in their 
annual income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26%. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva does not apply where the Notes are held in a discretionary 
investment portfolio managed by an Italian authorised financial intermediary and the beneficial

--- Page 524 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 521 - 
47-41052088 
 
owner thereof, where possible, has opted to be taxed at a flat rate of 26 per cent. on the year-
end increase in value of the investment portfolio accrued, even if not realised (which increase 
in value includes any Interest accrued on the Notes), pursuant to the so-called "portfolio 
management tax regime" (regime del risparmio gestito) provided for by Article 7 of Legislative 
Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461 ("Decree 461/1997"). 
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply also to the following Italian resident persons, to the 
extent that the Notes and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or 
indirectly, with an Intermediary: 
(A) 
Corporate investors 
where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively 
connected), Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in: (I) the relevant Noteholder's 
yearly taxable income for the purposes of corporate income tax ("IRES"), generally applying 
at the current ordinary rate of 24% (certain categories of taxpayers, including banks and 
financial entities are subject to an IRES surcharge equal to 3.5%); and (II) in certain 
circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also in its net value of production 
for the purposes of regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP"), generally applying at the 
rate of 3.9% (certain categories of taxpayers, including banks, financial entities and insurance 
companies, are subject to higher IRAP rates). The IRAP rate can be increased by regional laws 
up to 0.92%. Said Interest is therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation according 
to the ordinary rules; 
(B) 
Investment funds 
Interest accrued on the Notes held by Italian open-ended or closed-ended investment funds 
("Investment Funds"), by società di investimento a capitale variabile ("SICAV") or by 
società di investimento a capitale fisso not exclusively or primarily investing in real estate 
("SICAF") is neither subject to such imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the Investment Funds, SICAV or SICAF. A withholding tax of 26 per cent. will be 
levied on proceeds distributed by the Investment Funds, the SICAV, the SICAF or received by 
certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units; 
(C) 
Pension funds 
Interest accrued on the Notes held by Italian pension funds subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Pension Funds") is 
included in the aggregate income of the pension funds which is subject to a substitute tax at the 
rate of 20 per cent. Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period) and 
limitations, Interest accrued on the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension 
Funds if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth 
by Italian law; 
(D) 
Real estate investment funds 
under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted 
into law with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree No. 351"), Interest 
on the Notes held by Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 
37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and

--- Page 525 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 522 - 
47-41052088 
 
Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 ("Real Estate Fund") are subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund. A 
withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per cent. on 
distributions made by the Real Estate Funds and, in certain cases a tax transparency regime 
may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in the Real Estate Funds owning more 
than 5 per cent. of the fund's units. Pursuant to Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 
March 2014, the same regime applicable to Real Estate Funds applies also to società di 
investimento a capitale fisso ruled by Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 
exclusively or primarily investing in real estate in the measures provided under the applicable 
implementing regulations ("Real Estate SICAF"). 
Non-Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Non-resident holders, without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, are not subject to such 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva 
according to Article 6, paragraph 1, Decree No. 239, provided that they are: (i) beneficial 
owners resident for tax purposes in a State which allows an adequate exchange of information 
with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996 ("White List"), as 
amended from time to time; or (ii) institutional investors (regardless of whether subject to tax 
or not) established in any such a State; or, (iii) supranational entities set up in accordance with 
an international treaty executed by Italy; or (iv) central banks or other authorities engaged in 
the management of the official reserves (of a foreign State) (together referred to as "Qualified 
Noteholders"). 
The exemption procedure for Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a 
White List country identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(a) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank 
or financial institution to be EU tax resident) (the "First Level Bank"), acting as 
intermediary in the deposit of the Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder 
with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); and 
(b) 
an Italian tax resident bank or SIM, or an Italian permanent establishment of a non-
resident bank or brokerage company, acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the 
Notes, which is electronically connected with the Italian Ministry of Finance (the 
"Second Level Bank"). Non-resident entities or companies which have an account with 
a centralised clearance system which has a direct relationship with the Italian Ministry 
of Economy and Finance (such as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) are treated 
as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative (an Italian 
resident bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or 
SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998) for the purposes of the application of 
Decree No. 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second 
Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy 
is conditional upon: 
(a) 
the timely deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which 
qualifies as a Second Level Bank; and

--- Page 526 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 523 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
the timely submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a self-
declaration from the relevant Noteholder in which it declares that it is eligible for the 
exemption from the imposta sostitutiva. The self-declaration, which must be in 
conformity with the form approved with ministerial decree of 12 December 2001, is 
valid until it is revoked or withdrawn. However, such self-declaration is not required 
for non-Italian resident investors that are international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements entered into force in the Republic of Italy or 
Central Banks or entities also authorised to manage the official reserves of a State. 
Non-resident holders are subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on Interest if any of the 
above conditions is not satisfied. Under certain conditions, Noteholders who are subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an 
applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant 
holder, subject to certain compliance requirements. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant issuer issues a new 
Tranche forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating 
the amount of Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new Tranche will be 
deemed to be the same as the issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) 
the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous Tranche and 
(b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche 
does not exceed 1 per cent. multiplied by the number of years of maturity of the Notes. 
Interest and other proceeds – Notes that qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) nor in the 
category of shares (azioni) or securities similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) may be 
subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest 
in respect of Notes received by (i) Pension Funds and (ii) Italian resident individuals holding 
the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, 
including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to "titoli atipici", 
if those Notes are included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth 
by Italian law. In the case of Notes issued by an Italian-resident issuer, where the Noteholder 
is (i) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (iv) an 
Italian commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such 
withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. 
In all other cases, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident 
Noteholders, the 26 per cent. withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally to 10%) by any 
applicable double tax treaty or eliminated under certain applicable double tax treaties entered 
into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of the required documentation.

--- Page 527 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 524 - 
47-41052088 
 
Capital gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the 
taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also 
as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company 
or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities 
to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Pursuant to Decree 461/1997, a 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applicable on capital gains 
realised on the disposal of Notes by Noteholders included among the following categories of 
Italian residents: individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity, non-commercial partnerships, non-profit organisations, the Italian State and public 
entities or entities that are exempt from IRES. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the 
purchase price and the sale price, respectively. 
In respect of the application of such substitute tax, Italian resident individuals not engaged in 
an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, 
on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual 
holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals 
holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall 
capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax 
return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for 
such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding 
the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes under 
the so-called "non-discretionary investment portfolio regime" (regime del risparmio 
amministrato). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being 
deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (ii) an 
express election for the regime del risparmio amministrato being timely made in writing by 
the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in 
respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect 
of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, 
and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using 
funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the regime del risparmio 
amministrato, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may 
be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management,

--- Page 528 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 525 - 
47-41052088 
 
in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the regime del 
risparmio amministrato, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual 
tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, 
including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called 
"discretionary investment portfolio regime" (regime del risparmio gestito) will be included in 
the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not 
realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing 
authorised intermediary. Under the regime del risparmio gestito, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the regime del risparmio 
gestito, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax 
return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative 
Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including 
the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth by Italian law. 
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply to the following taxpayers: 
(A) 
Corporate investors 
Capital gains realised on the Notes by Italian resident corporate entities (including a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected) form 
part of their aggregate income subject to IRES. In certain cases, capital gains may also to be 
included in the taxable net value of production of such entities for IRAP purposes. The capital 
gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the relevant tax basis of the 
Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal instalments over 
up to five fiscal years. 
(B) 
Investment Funds 
Capital gains realised on the Notes by Investment Funds, SICAVs and SICAFs are subject 
neither to CGT nor to any other income tax (see section named "Interest", "Italian Resident 
Noteholders", above). 
(C) 
Pension Funds 
Any capital gains realised through the transfer for consideration or redemption of the Notes by 
beneficial owners which are Pension Funds are included in the calculation of the management 
result of the fund, accrued in each year, subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (see section 
named "Interest", "Italian Resident Noteholders", above). Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised 
through the transfer for consideration or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the Pension Funds if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings

--- Page 529 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 526 - 
47-41052088 
 
plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time 
to time applicable set forth by Italian law. 
(D) 
Real Estate Investment Funds 
Capital gains on the Notes held by Real Estate Funds or Real Estate SICAFs to which the 
provisions of Decree No. 351, as subsequently amended, apply, will be subject neither to 
substitute tax nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund or the Real Estate 
SICAF (see section named "Interest", "Italian Resident Noteholders", above). 
Non-Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Notes realised by non-Italian resident 
Noteholders without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected are in principle subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax. However, such 
gains are exempt from tax in Italy if: 
(a) 
the Notes are listed and traded on a regulated market; or 
(b) 
the Notes are not listed on a regulated market but the beneficial owner of the Notes 
qualifies as a Qualified Noteholder and is entitled to the exemption from the 26 per cent. 
substitute tax on Interest pursuant to Article 5 of Decree 461/1997; or 
(c) 
the Noteholder may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient. 
Transfer Tax 
Pursuant to Article 11 of the Tariff (Part I) attached to Presidential Decree No. 131 of 26 April 
1986 and Article 2 of the same Tariff (Part II), any acts, agreements and deeds signed in Italy 
regulating the transfer of Notes may be subject, in certain cases, to Italian registration tax 
consisting of a one-off payment of €200.00. 
Stamp duty 
The Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree No. 201"), converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, has replaced paragraphs 2-bis and 2-ter 
and related notes (3-bis and 3-ter) of Article 13, Tariff annexed to stamp duty law approved 
with Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 201, statements sent to customers and related to all the financial 
products and instruments, including those not deposited, are subject to stamp duty at the rate 
of 0.20%. The maximum amount due is set at €14,000 for Noteholders other than individuals. 
The tax is applied to each statement, on the total market value, or in its absence, on the face or 
repayment value of securities and financial products. The statement is considered to be sent at 
least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the 
release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the 
stamp duty is payable pro rata. Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree 
issued by the Italian Ministry of Finance on 25 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any 
investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 15 July

--- Page 530 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 527 - 
47-41052088 
 
2015) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within 
the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19, (18-23), of Decree No. 201, as subsequently amended and supplemented, 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships including società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917 holding the 
Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20% for 
each year. The maximum amount due is set at €14,000 for Noteholders other than individuals. 
The tax is calculated on the fair market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, in 
the case the fair market value cannot be determined, on their nominal values or redemption 
values, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase 
value of any financial asset (including banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy 
financial instruments) held abroad by Italian resident individuals. A tax credit is granted for 
any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted with amendments by Law 
No. 286 of 24 November 2006, inheritance and gift taxes have been re-introduced in Italy, with 
effect as of 3 October 2006. 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply according to the following rates and exclusions: 
(a) 
if assets (including money) pass to a spouse, as well as to any linear descendent, tax is 
levied at a rate of 4 per cent. The tax applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) 
left to each heir/beneficiary which exceeded €1,000,000; 
(b) 
assets (including money) pass to a relative within the fourth degree or to a linear 
relative-in-law, as well as to a collateral relative within the third degree, tax is levied at 
a rate of 6 per cent. The tax applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) exceeding 
€100,000, if assets are left to a brother or sister; 
(c) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons affected by a handicap deemed as "critical" pursuant 
to Law No. 104 of 5 February 1992, inheritance and gift taxes apply only on the value 
exceeding €1,500,000. 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, the mortis causa transfer of financial 
instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, 
Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to 
the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 
2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as amended by Law No. 97 of 6 
August 2013 and by Law No. 50 of 28 March 2014, individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (in particular, società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article

--- Page 531 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 528 - 
47-41052088 
 
5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy are required to report in their yearly income tax 
declaration, for tax monitoring purposes the amount of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali 
held abroad during each tax year.  
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the beneficial owner of the instrument for anti-money laundering 
purposes. The above reporting is not required to be complied with respect to Notes deposited 
for management with qualified Italian intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into 
through their intervention, provided that the financial flows and income derived from the Notes 
are subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
On 9 July 2015, the Italian Parliament adopted Law No. 114 delegating the Italian Government 
to implement in Italy certain EU Council Directives, including Council Directive 2011/16/EU 
on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by Council Directive 
2014/107/EU). Such Directive is aimed at broadening the scope of the operational mechanism 
of intra-EU automatic exchange of information in order to fight cross-border tax fraud and 
evasion. The Italian government implemented the above-mentioned Council Directive 
2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree issued by the Ministry of Finance on 28 December 2015, 
as amended by the Ministerial Decree of 17 January 2017. Following the Ministerial Decree 
quoted, the Italian tax authorities may communicate to other EU Member States information 
about interest and other categories of financial income of Italian source, including income from 
the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council Directive 
2011/16/EU, including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information on advance cross-border rulings and advance 
pricing arrangements, through the issue of the Legislative Decree 15 March 2017, no. 32, and 
by the Council Directive 2016/2258/EU as regards access to anti-money-laundering 
information by tax authorities, through the issue of the Legislative Decree 18 May 2018, no. 
60. 
LUXEMBOURG 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to 
the Notes. It specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes withheld 
at source and provides an indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility for the 
withholding of taxes at the source. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under 
the tax laws of Luxembourg. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Prospectus. The information contained within this section is limited to general withholding, 
income, wealth and value added taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply 
any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of 
transactions involving the Notes. 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes can be made free and clear of any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or

--- Page 532 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 529 - 
47-41052088 
 
assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application as regards 
Luxembourg resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 as amended 
(the "Relibi Law"), and of circular Relibi no. 1 issued by the Luxembourg tax administration 
on 27 February 2017 (the "Relibi Circular"), which provides for a 20 per cent withholding tax 
on savings income paid by a Luxembourg paying agent. Such withholding tax will be in full 
discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for withholding the 20 per cent. tax in 
application of the Relibi Law and the Relibi Circular is assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent. In addition, pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 17 July 2008 and to the Relibi Circular, 
Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (which is 
final when the Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management 
of their private wealth) on interest payments made by certain paying agents not established in 
Luxembourg, i.e., paying agents located in an EU member state other than Luxembourg or a 
member state of the European Economic Area other than an EU member state. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon 
the disposal of the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes 
or the Notes are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition of these Notes. Upon 
the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, accrued but unpaid interest will be subject to 
the 20 per cent. withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if applicable. Individual Luxembourg 
resident Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must include the portion of the 
price corresponding to this interest in their taxable income. The 20 per cent. Luxembourg 
withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders, or non-resident Noteholders which have a 
permanent establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in 
Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes is connected, must for income tax purposes 
include in their taxable income any interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) as well as 
the difference between the sale or redemption price and the lower of the cost or book value of 
the Notes sold or redeemed.  
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which are companies benefiting from a special tax 
regime (such as family wealth management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007, 
undertakings for collective investment subject to the law of 17 December 2010 or specialised 
investment funds subject to the law of 13 February 2007, or reserved alternative investment 
funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016, provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation 
documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 
of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies) are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and 
are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate income tax, municipal business tax 
and net wealth tax) other than the annual subscription tax calculated on their (paid up) share 
capital (and share premium) or net asset value and the minimum net wealth tax. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by an individual Noteholder 
or a corporate Noteholder, unless (a) such Noteholder is a corporate Noteholder resident in 
Luxembourg other than a Noteholder governed by (i) the laws of 17 December 2010 and 13 
February 2007 on undertakings for collective investment; (ii) the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation; (iii) the law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital; or (iv)

--- Page 533 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 530 - 
47-41052088 
 
the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies; or (v) the law of 23 July 
2016 on the reserved alternative investment funds, or (b) the Notes held by a corporate 
Noteholder which is not resident in Luxembourg are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof 
which is carried on in Luxembourg through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative. 
However, a securitisation company subject to the law of 22 March 2004 and a company subject 
to the law of 15 June 2004 on investment company in risk capital are subject to a minimum net 
wealth tax, as well as a reserved alternative investment fund subject to the law of 23 July 2016, 
provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the 
investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 
applies. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments 
in consideration for the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal 
under the Notes, or the transfer of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any similar tax or duty 
payable in Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the issue, execution, delivery and 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of 
Luxembourg) of the Notes or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, 
except in the case (i) of a voluntary registration of the Notes in Luxembourg or (ii) should the 
Notes be appended to a document that requires mandatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Residence 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason 
only of its holding of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that 
or any other Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published its detailed proposal for a common 
FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, 
Slovakia and Spain (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
Following the meeting of the Council of the EU of 14 June 2019, the FTT currently being 
considered by the participating Member States would be levied on the acquisition of shares or 
similar instruments of listed companies which have their head office in a member state of the 
EU (and market capitalisation in excess of €1 billion on 1 December of the preceding year), 
rather than on any type of financial instrument. In order to reach a final agreement among the 
participating Member States, further work in the Council and its preparatory bodies will be 
required in order to ensure that the competences, rights and obligations of non-participating 
EU member states are respected.  
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted and depending on the final terms and 
scope of the FTT, transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity 
of the market for the Notes may be diminished.

--- Page 534 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 531 - 
47-41052088 
 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.  
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments"), to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed 
in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In 
the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that 
taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 535 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 532 - 
47-41052088 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, 
ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, 
Natixis, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE, UniCredit Bank AG or any other Dealer appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers or any 
of them are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 30 May 2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") and 
made between the Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations under the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of an issue of the Notes, including 
in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on 
the relevant Issue Date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of the Notes may not be 
completed and investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the Dealers in respect of any 
expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless "TEFRA Not Applicable" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; not Rule 144A eligible. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 536 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 533 - 
47-41052088 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Series of Notes may also be subject to such further US Selling Restrictions as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to 
each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Member State"), each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in 
relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation 
to any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom public offer selling restriction for prospectuses  
If the Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom, except that 
the Notes may be offered to the public in the United Kingdom at any time:  
(a) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 537 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 534 - 
47-41052088 
 
(b) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA.  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation 
to any Notes in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of 
the Notes specifies the "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of 
the Notes specifies the "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 538 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 535 - 
47-41052088 
 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it 
in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21 
(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 539 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 536 - 
47-41052088 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to any Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except, in accordance 
with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus Regulation and any Italian securities, tax 
and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute copies of the Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to "qualified investors", as referred to in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of and any applicable 
provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended ("Decree No. 
58"), Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under 
paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Consolidated Banking Law"), Decree No. 58, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other 
applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Law or any applicable 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, all as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation 
or requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of 
Italy and/or other competent authority. 
The Issuer and each Dealer acknowledges and accepts that in no event may the Notes be sold 
or transferred (at any time after the Issue Date) to persons other than "qualified investors", as 
referred to under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
Resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "Resident of Japan" shall mean any resident 
of Japan including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 540 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 537 - 
47-41052088 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") other than 
(i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; 
or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "Prospectus" 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "Companies Ordinance") or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or 
the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
The Republic of China ("ROC") 
This Base Prospectus is not an offer or sale, directly or indirectly, of any Notes in the ROC or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of the ROC. The Notes may not be offered or 
sold directly or indirectly in the ROC. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that the Notes are not being offered or sold 
and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China (for 
such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or 
Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities laws of the People's Republic of China. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise

--- Page 541 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 538 - 
47-41052088 
 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) 
or Section 276(4)(c)(i) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) 
(Securities 
and 
Securities-based 
Derivatives 
Contracts) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital 
markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest 
in the Notes described herein in Switzerland. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 542 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 539 - 
47-41052088 
 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that the Notes may be sold only to 
purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, 
as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the 
Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all case at its own expenses. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute 
such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) shall be deemed to be modified to the extent (if at all) that such 
restrictions shall, as a result of change(s), or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date 
hereof of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any 
such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 543 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 540 - 
47-41052088 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in 
Luxembourg. Application has also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the Professional Segment or for the 
Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or on the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility 
(ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme was authorised by resolution of the Boards of Directors of the 
Issuer on 16 December 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes.  
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms relating thereto. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi, Albert I, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries, nor is the Issuer aware of any such pending or threatened proceedings 
of such kind during the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or the Generali Group's financial 
position or profitability or which are or might be material in the context of the Programme or 
the issue of the Notes. For completeness, please refer to the paragraph headed "Description of 
the Issuer Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. – Litigation pending". 
No significant change 
Save as otherwise disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Recent developments" on pages 508 
to 511 of this Base Prospectus, the paragraph headed "Outlook" on pages 167-169 of the 2022 
Annual Report and the 2023 1Q Results Press Release (in its entirety), both incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, since 31 March 2023 (being the last day of the financial 
period in respect of which the most recent interim financial information of the Issuer have been

--- Page 544 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 541 - 
47-41052088 
 
published), there has been no significant change to the financial performance or financial 
position of the Issuer and, if applicable, its Subsidiaries as a whole.  
Material adverse change 
Save as otherwise disclosed in "Description of the Issuer – Recent developments" on pages 508 
to 511 of this Base Prospectus, the paragraph headed "Outlook" on pages 167 to 169 of the 
2022 Annual Report and the 2023 1Q Results Press Release (in its entirety), both incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business, which could result in any Generali Group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to security holders in 
respect of the securities being issued. 
Change in control 
There are no arrangements known to the Issuer, the operation of which may result in a change 
of control of the Issuer other than as described herein. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuer is www.generali.com. The information on www.generali.com does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than the information incorporated by reference, the 
content of the Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. website has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the competent authority. 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Documents available  
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be obtained during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any supplement to this Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
the most recent publicly available annual consolidated financial statements of 
Assicurazioni Generali beginning with such financial statements as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (together with English translations); 
(c) 
the most recent publicly available consolidated semi-annual financial statements of 
Assicurazioni Generali (together with English translations); 
(d) 
the most recent publicly available unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements 
(if any) of Assicurazioni Generali (together with English translations);

--- Page 545 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 542 - 
47-41052088 
 
(e) 
each Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(g) 
the by-laws of the Issuer; 
(h) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(i) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (but in the case of any 
Notes which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only 
be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders). 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final 
Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on 
the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and each 
document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website 
at 
https://www.luxse.com/ 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.generali.com/investors/debt-ratings/listed-debt-securities-disclaimer. A copy of 
Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to each Agency Agreement is available 
at the website of the Issuer at https://www.generali.com/, and a copy of the by-laws of the 
Issuer 
may 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.generali.com/governance/corporate-governance-system/articles-of-association. 
The Sustainability Bond Framework or any other such framework prepared by the Issuer in 
relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds, together 
with any opinion on such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as a report by 
the Issuer on the allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds, and on associated impacts of the 
investments made, in each case, from time to time published by the Issuer, will be available in 
the "investor relations" section on the website of the Issuer at https://www.generali.com. 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of Assicurazioni Generali are KPMG S.p.A., who are authorised and 
regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF 
and were appointed as auditors of Assicurazioni Generali for the financial years 2021-2029.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61. 
Conditions for determining price  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions.

--- Page 546 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 543 - 
47-41052088 
 
Passporting 
The Issuer may, on or after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more 
further certificates of approval under Articles 24 and 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to be 
issued by the CSSF to the competent authority in any Member State. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, and is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd is established in the United Kingdom and is endorsed by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH, established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
The Issuer's Insurance Financial Strength rating issued by each of AM Best (EU) Rating 
Services B.V., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH are set out in 
the table below:  
 
Rating Outlook 
AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. 
A 
Stable 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
A 
Positive 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
A3 
Stable 
 
Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official 
List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch (acting in its capacity as Listing Agent as well as Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement), being part of a 
financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time 
zones, may (on the terms and subject to the provisions set out in the Agency Agreement) entrust 
parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, 
whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
may be provided upon request. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform services for, or provide financing to, Assicurazioni Generali and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the 
sector in which the Issuer and/or their affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have 
received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and

--- Page 547 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 544 - 
47-41052088 
 
indemnification. Furthermore, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf 
of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
(including their parent companies) may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of any of 
Assicurazioni Generali or any of its affiliates The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive 
allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future 
trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent 
companies) may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, 
or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon their redemption. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors - Potential 
conflict of interest of a Dealer acting as Calculation Agent" on page 64.  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. has designated one or more members of the 
Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali.

--- Page 548 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 545 - 
47-41052088 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF  
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi 2 
34132 Trieste  
Italy 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Calle Azul 4, 
Edificio Asia, Planta 2 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid  
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom  
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca –Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 549 ---
10255431589-v13 
- 546 - 
47-41052088 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4  
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy,  
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian Law: 
Studio Legale Cappelli RCCD 
Piazza Castello, 27 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian Law: 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
in association with Clifford Chance 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 27/31 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg