--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
ASTM S.p.A. 
subject to the direction and coordination of Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus, ASTM S.p.A. (“ASTM” 
or the “Issuer”), subject to the direction and coordination of Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A., may, from time to time, subject to all applicable 
laws and regulations, issue notes (the “Notes”) qualifying as obbligazioni non convertibili pursuant to Article 2410 of the Italian Civil Code in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue), 
save that the maximum aggregate principal amount may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of 
the Programme and applicable laws and regulations in force from time to time. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” beginning on 
page 6 below. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the 
date of approval.  Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”) or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market.  The Programme also permits Notes to be 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
ASTM’s long-term senior unsecured debt is currently rated “Baa3” (stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”) 
and “BBB-” (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, sede secondaria italiana (“Fitch”).  Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and as such is included in the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Tranches of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers named below and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Amounts payable under any floating rate notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by 
reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below).  As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”).  At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, EMMI is authorised as benchmark administrator and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “BMR”). 
 
Arrangers 
 
Mediobanca 
 
UniCredit 
 
Dealers 
 
Mediobanca 
 
UniCredit 
 
22 June 2023

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
ASTM, a company subject to the direction and co-ordination of Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A. in accordance 
with Articles 2497 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) 
as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus must be read and 
construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of 
a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an issue of Notes are the persons 
named in Paragraph 7 (Distribution) of “Part B – Other information” of the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named in “General Description of the Programme” below that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and 
losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and of the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed 
herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does 
not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, listing, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to ascertain or verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer. 
None of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Agents, nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or 
warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer or of the Issuer and 
the Group (as defined below) since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, (ii) constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes or (iii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  In addition, with respect to Notes 
described as “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes”, none of the Dealers will verify or monitor if such 
Notes satisfy the investors’ requirements or standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics, 
nor the consistency of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition and ECS 
Equipped Service Areas Condition, as well as the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage Threshold and the ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage Threshold with the 
investment requirements and expectation of any potential investor in the Notes.  Any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer and the Group upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as it has deemed necessary. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of any Notes constitutes or shall be construed as an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Agents or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”.  In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to 
U.S. persons. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €5,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement)).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any distributor (as defined above) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the UK 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable 
in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand alone investments.  They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal and tax advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal and tax advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
USE OF WEBSITES 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are included for information purposes only.  The contents of any 
websites (except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus to 
the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this Base Prospectus do not form part of the Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United States 
dollars, references to “R$”, “BRL” or “Reais” are to the Brasilian Reais and references to “€”, “EUR”, “euro” 
or “Euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of 
the euro, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
Except where sourced from internal management’s analysis of the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements, 
information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding market volumes and the market share of 
the Issuer’s motorway subsidiaries and their market share in comparison to their competitors’ has been extracted 
from an independent source, namely AISCAT – Associazione Italiana Società Concessionarie Autostrade e 
Trafori and ISTAT – Istituto Nazionale di Statistica.  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
identified where used and accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by AISCAT – Associazione Italiana Società Concessionarie Autostrade e Trafori and/or 
ISTAT – Istituto Nazionale di Statistica, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.  Although the Issuer believes that the external source used is reliable, the 
Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by the source. 
SECOND PARTY OPINIONS AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION 
In connection with the issue (if any) of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes under the Programme, the 
Issuer has published a “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” in May 2023, in accordance with, among 
others, the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the ICMA and the 2023 Sustainability-
Linked Loan Principals published by the LMA (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”). 
Moody’s Investor Service has reviewed the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and issued a 
second party opinion on 15 May 2023 (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party 
Opinion”). The Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the related Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are available on the Issuer’s website within the sustainable finance 
section: https://www.astm.it/en/sustainable-finance/. See “Description of the Issuer – Recent Developments” 
below for additional information on the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion 
issued by Moody’s Investor Service on 15 May 2023. In addition, in connection with the issue (if any) of Step 
Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will engage an Assurance Provider (as 
defined in the Conditions) to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an 
Assurance Report in relation to the Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes pursuant to Condition 8 (Step 
Up Option and Premium Payment).  Each such Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion or Assurance Report will be accessible through the Issuer’s 
website.  For the avoidance of doubt, as stated above, any such Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion or Assurance Report and any other 
document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
However, any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions 
or report or any past or future Assurance Report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied 
upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the 
Programme.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes.  Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  In addition, no assurance 
or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their affiliates (including parent 
companies), second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering (if 
any) of any Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such opinion, report 
or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
(vi) 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein, 
may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) statements identified by the use 
of terminology such as “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “plans”, 
“projects”, “will”, “would” or similar words.  These statements are based on the Issuer’s current 
expectations and projections about future events and involve substantial uncertainties.  All statements, 
other than statements of historical facts, contained herein regarding the Issuer’s strategy, goals, plans, 
future financial position, projected revenues and costs or prospects are forward-looking statements.  
Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be 
predicted or quantified.  Future events or actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, 
contemplated by or underlying forward-looking statements.  The Issuer does not undertake any 
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 
NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus and the management report (relazione sulla gestione) of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, contain certain 
alternative performance measures (“APMs”) which are different from the IFRS financial indicators obtained 
directly from the audited consolidated financial statements of ASTM as at and for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2022. 
On 3 December 2015, CONSOB issued Communication No. 92543/15, which gives effect to the guidelines 
issued on 5 October 2015 by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) concerning the 
presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016.  
These guidelines, which update the previous CESR Recommendation (CESR/05-178b), are aimed at promoting 
the usefulness and transparency of APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability and 
comprehensibility. 
In line with the guidelines mentioned above, the criteria used to construct the APMs are as follows: 
a) 
“Turnover”:  differs from “Total revenues” in the audited consolidated financial statements of ASTM 
for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 in that it does not consider (i) Motorway sector - 
revenues for revenues for the design and construction of IFRIC 12, (ii) Motorway Sector - fee/additional 
fee payable to ANAS and (iii) EPC sector - revenues for the design and construction of IFRIC 12. 
b) 
“Value of production”:  the value of production for the EPC sector represents revenues for works and 
planning, changes to works to order, revenues for sales of materials and the provision of services. 
c) 
“EBITDA”:  is the summary indicator of profitability from operating activities and is determined as 
“Profit/(Loss) for the year” before (i) “Profit (loss) for assets held for sale net of taxes (Discontinued 
Operations)”, (ii) “Income taxes”, (iii) “Profit (loss) of companies accounted for with the equity 
method”, (iv) “Financial expenses”, (v) “Financial income” (vi) “Other provisions for risks and 
charges”, (vii) “Adjustment of the provision for restoration/replacement of non-compensated revertible 
assets” and (viii) “Amortisation, depreciation and write-downs”. 
d) 
“EBITDA margin”:  is the ratio between EBITDA and Turnover. 
e) 
“EBITDA margin motorway sector”:  is the ratio between EBITDA of the motorway sector and turnover 
in the motorway sector. 
f) 
“EBITDA - Adjusted”: is the EBITDA calculated net of “extraordinary” components. 
g) 
“Operating income”:  measures the profitability of total capital invested in the company and is defined 
as “Profit/(Loss) for the year” before (i) “Profit (loss) for assets held for sale net of taxes (Discontinued 
Operations)”, (ii) “Income taxes”, (iii) “Profit (loss) of companies accounted for with the equity 
method”, (iv) “Financial expenses” and (v) “Financial income”.

--- Page 8 ---
(vii) 
 
h) 
“Net invested capital”:  shows the total amount of non-financial assets, net of non-financial liabilities. 
i) 
“Backlog”:  the orders not yet performed by the EPC sector. 
j) 
“Net financial indebtedness”:  is calculated as “Current and non-current financial debt”, net (i) of “Cash 
and cash equivalents”, (ii) “Current financial assets”, (iii) “Insurance policies” and (iv) “Receivables 
for “terminal value”, prepared in compliance with the ESMA Recommendation of 20 March 2013. 
k) 
“Total Financial indebtedness - ESMA”:  represents the net financial position prepared in compliance 
with the ESMA Guidelines of March 2021. This differs from “Net financial indebtedness” due to the 
inclusion in the “Trade payables and other long-term payables”. 
The APMs presented in this Base Prospectus and in the respective management reports (relazione sulla gestione) 
as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, are considered relevant to assess the overall operating performance of the Group for the relevant 
periods, the operating segments and the individual Group companies and to provide better comparability of 
results over time.  Such indicators are also used by ASTM management in order to assess trends and make 
decisions in respect of investments, resource allocations and other management decisions. 
The section headed “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – International Motorway Activities” below 
contains certain APMs in respect of the EcoRodovias Group (as defined below). In line with the guidelines 
mentioned above, the relevant criteria used to construct such APMs are provided in the relevant tables under 
“Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – International Motorway Activities” below). 
Investors should not place undue reliance on these APMs and should consider that: 
(i) 
such APMs have been derived from historical financial information of the Group and are not intended 
to provide an indication of the future financial performance, financial position or cash flows of the 
Group or its subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
APMs are not provided under IFRS and, accordingly, despite being derived from information contained 
in the ASTM consolidated financial statements, and they have not been audited by the independent 
auditors; 
(iii) 
APMs are not intended to be alternative to any measure of performance under IFRS; 
(iv) 
APMs presented in this Base Prospectus and in the management report (relazione sulla gestione) of the 
Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December  2021 and 2022, which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, should also be read in conjunction with the financial information presented or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022; 
(v) 
APM definitions adopted by the Group may not be consistent with those adopted by other 
groups/companies and accordingly may not be comparable with them; and 
(vi) 
APMs adopted by the Group have been calculated consistently over all the periods for which financial 
information is presented in this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant 
subscription agreement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  All such transactions 
will be carried out in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 6 
Information Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 35 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses ......................................................................................................... 37 
Forms of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................ 38 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................... 41 
Form of Final Terms .......................................................................................................................................... 85 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form .............................................................. 99 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................................... 102 
Description of the Issuer .................................................................................................................................. 103 
Capitalisation ................................................................................................................................................... 169 
Summary Financial Information ...................................................................................................................... 170 
Regulatory ....................................................................................................................................................... 176 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................................................... 198 
Subscription and Sale ...................................................................................................................................... 207 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................ 211

--- Page 10 ---
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme as provided under Article 25(1)(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in 
a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, or a Drawdown Prospectus or a new base prospectus will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this summary. 
Issuer ....................................  ASTM S.p.A. subject to the direction and coordination of Nuova Argo 
Finanziaria S.p.A. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) ....................  
8156003F2286CFA55E20 
Arrangers .............................  Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. and UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers ..................................  Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., UniCredit Bank AG and 
any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally 
in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Trustee ..................................  Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent .......  Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Listing Agent ........................  Walkers Listing Services Limited 
Programme Amount ............  Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time, save that the 
maximum aggregate principal amount may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme and 
applicable laws and regulations in force from time to time. 
Method of Issue ....................  Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Issuance in Series .................  Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the issue price, the 
interest commencement date and the amount of the first payment of interest 
may be different in respect of different Tranches.  The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms in all respects. 
Forms of the Notes ...............  Notes may only be issued in bearer form.  Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
“Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in

--- Page 11 ---
2 
 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note.  Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.  Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for 
further Coupons. 
 
The Notes will be issued pursuant to Articles 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil 
Code, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Currencies ............................  Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or currencies, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements.  Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to 
such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes ...............  The Notes constitute unsecured, direct, general and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions 
of applicable law. 
Issue Price ............................  Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Specified Denomination ......  Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, provided that each Note shall be in an amount not less than euro 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes). 
Maturities .............................  Subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, Notes will 
have a minimum maturity of greater than 12 months. 
Redemption ..........................  Without prejudice to the optional redemption provisions and the tax 
redemption referred to below, the Notes will be repaid at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Optional Redemption ..........  To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be redeemed 
before their stated maturity: 
(a) 
at the option of the Issuer (a) at any time, either in whole or in part, 
pursuant to Conditions 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 9(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Issuer Maturity Par Call Option) and, where applicable, 
9(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Partial redemption) or (b) in the 
event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, 
in whole, pursuant to Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Clean-Up Call Option); or 
(b) 
at the option of the Noteholders (a) upon occurrence of a Material 
Concession Put Event as defined under Condition 9(g) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Noteholders on the 
occurrence of a Material Concession Put Event), (b) upon the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event as defined under Condition 9(h) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the

--- Page 12 ---
3 
 
Noteholders on the occurrence of a Relevant Event),  or (c) by 
exercising a Put Option, as defined under Condition 9(i) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options). 
Tax Redemption ..................  Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, the Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer, at any time, 
in whole but not in part for tax reasons as described in Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: ................................  Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing.  Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or other variable rate and the method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date 
of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:.................  Interest on Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate will be payable on such date 
or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (and 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and amounts owing under the Notes 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes .............  Where Notes bear interest at a floating rate, such rate will be determined: 
 
 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction governed by an agreement incorporating either (i) 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA), or 
(ii) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by 
ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; 
or 
 
 
on the basis of the relevant rate appearing on the screen page of a 
commercial quotation service, 
 
in each case, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes ..............  Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount on their aggregate 
principal amount and will not bear interest, in each case as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Step Up Notes .......................  Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a Step Up if the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, 
indicate that the Step Up Option is applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be subject to adjustment in the 
event of a Step Up Event.  See Condition 8(a) (Step Up Option). 
Premium Payment Notes ....  Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to a Premium Payment 
Condition if the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be, indicate that the Premium Payment Condition is applicable. 
If a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall pay in 
respect of each Premium Payment Note of the relevant Series an amount

--- Page 13 ---
4 
 
equal to the relevant Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment 
Date. See Condition 8(b) (Premium Payment). 
Benchmark Replacement 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the reference rate of the Floating 
Rate Notes, an Independent Adviser may (subject to certain conditions) 
determine a Successor Reference Rate or, failing that, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (each term as 
defined in the Conditions), if any, and any consequential change to the 
Conditions in accordance with Condition 6(n) (Benchmark Replacement).  
Denominations .....................  Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Negative Pledge ....................  The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 4(b) (Status and Negative Pledge – Negative Pledge).  Permitted 
Encumbrances, including Security Interests securing Limited Recourse 
Indebtedness (each as defined in the Conditions), will be excluded from the 
scope of the negative pledge. 
Cross Default........................  The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default).  Limited Recourse Indebtedness will be 
excluded from the scope of the cross default provision. 
Taxation ................................  All payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding or deduction for or on account of tax of Italy or any applicable 
jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation)) pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no 
withholding or deduction been required. 
Governing Law ....................  English law.  Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ 
Representative; Modification and Waiver) and the provisions of the Trust 
Deed concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a 
Noteholders’ Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to 
compliance with Italian law.   
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form .........................  
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against the Issuer 
will be governed by a Trust Deed dated 12 August 2020, as amended and 
restated from time to time, a copy of which will be available for inspection 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Ratings ..................................  The rating of any Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
 
A credit rating applied for, if any, in relation to a relevant Series of Notes 
will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA (or has 
applied for registration and not been refused) under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) or (2) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed 
by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is

--- Page 14 ---
5 
 
not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless  
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the EEA 
before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for registration in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration has not been 
refused, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. 
 
The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) is obliged to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list 
of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  As such, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless 
(1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions ..............  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the EEA (including Italy), the UK and Japan, see “Subscription 
and Sale” below.

--- Page 15 ---
6 
 
RISK FACTORS  
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer 
and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including in particular, the risk factors described below together with any document incorporated by reference 
herein.  Words and expressions defined in “Form of Final Terms”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and 
“Description of the Issuer” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme.  Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  However, the 
inability of the Issuer to pay interest, repay principal or pay other amounts on or in connection with any Notes 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer and the ASTM Group are presented in four categories and the risks that 
are specific to the Notes are presented in three categories, in each case with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category and the remaining risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to 
be indicative either of the relative likelihood that each risk will materialize or of the magnitude of their potential 
impact on the business financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Group. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers as they have deemed 
necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT THE 
ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER 
PROGRAMME  
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
1.1 
Risks related to the ASTM Group’s dependence on motorway concessions and performing risk 
The ASTM Group is mainly dependent on Italian Motorway Concessions (as defined in the 
“Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – Italian motorway activities – Overview” below) that 
have been granted to the relevant Italian Motorway Subsidiaries (as defined in “Description of the Issuer 
– Motorway Sector – Italian motorway activities – Overview” below) and on Brazilian Motorway 
Concessions (as defined in “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – International motorway 
activities – Brazilian Motorway activities – Overview” below and, together with the Italian Motorway 
Concessions, the “Motorway Concessions” and each a “Motorway Concession”) that have been 
granted to the relevant Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries (as defined in “Description of the Issuer – 
Motorway Sector – International motorway activities – Brazilian Motorway activities – Overview”  
below, and, together with the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries, the “Motorway Subsidiaries” and each a 
“Motorway Subsidiary”) to operate various motorways.  As at 31 December 2022, 61.4% of the 
ASTM Group’s Turnover derived from toll collections on motorways under the Italian and Brazilian 
Motorway Concessions.   
Most of the Italian Motorway Concessions of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries are currently set to 
expire between December 2026 and December 2050 and certain Italian Motorway Concessions are 
managed in a prorogatio regime.  For further information on the duration of the Italian Motorway 
Concessions of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries and on the Italian Motorway Concessions currently 
managed under a prorogatio regime (i.e., the continued operation of a public concession after its 
expiration), see “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – Italian Motorway Activities – Italian 
Motorway Subsidiaries” below. 
With respect to the A12 (Sestri Levante – Livorno) / A11 (Viareggio – Lucca) / A15 (Fornola – La 
Spezia) stretches, on 18 November 2020, the Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport (“MIT”) awarded 
the relevant concession to the Issuer’s subsidiary Itinera S.p.A. (“Itinera”) and on 18 January 2022, the 
MIT and the special purpose company incorporated by Itinera, Società di Progetto Concessioni del

--- Page 16 ---
7 
 
Tirreno S.p.A., entered into the concession agreement which was approved with an interministerial 
decree, registered with the Italian State Auditors’ Department (Corte dei Conti) on 1 June 2022. 
However, the second-place tenderer lodged an appeal with the competent Regional Administrative 
Court (Tribunale Amministrativo Regionale - TAR) against the ministerial measure declaring the 
effectiveness of the award. The precautionary demand was rejected and reiterated before the same Court 
with a request that the Chairperson adopt a monocratic decree granting the measure. The claim was 
rejected by a single judge and subsequently withdrawn by the claimant. The proceedings on the merit 
of the case is still pending and the next hearing is currently scheduled on 25 October 2023. For further 
information, see “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – Italian Motorway Activities – Italian 
Motorway Subsidiaries”. A negative outcome of such proceedings may affect the award of the 
motorway concession in respect of the A12 (Sestri Levante – Livorno) / A11 (Viareggio – Lucca) / A15 
(Fornola – La Spezia). 
Furthermore, with respect to the motorway stretches A21 (Torino – Alessandria – Piacenza), A5 (Torino 
– Ivrea – Quincinetto), the link road A4/A5 (Ivrea – Santhià), the Torino – Pinerolo fork and the 
“Sistema Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese”, for which the European call for tenders was launched on 
20 September 2019, on 26 November 2020 the MIT awarded the relevant concession to the temporary 
consortium made up 97.6% of Group’s companies (the “ATI SALT”) subject to the decision of the 
ruling of the Lazio Regional Administrative Court (Tribunale Amministrativo Regionale - TAR) 
regarding an alleged administrative irregularity form the ATI SALT during the pre-qualification phase.  
On 10 June 2021, following the ruling of the Lazio Regional Administrative Court issued on 20 
April 2021 and the Council of State ruling issued on 20 April 2021 which confirmed that the exclusion 
of the ATI SALT during the pre-qualification stage was correct based on the tender requisites, the MIT 
revoked the previous decree of 26 November 2020 and awarded the concession to the competitor who 
ranked second during the tender. Such award was declared effective on 9 November 2021.  The award 
of the concession is subject to several proceedings and the MIT has suspended the signing of the 
concession contract with the other tender participant. In case of negative outcome of such proceedings, 
the management of the motorway stretches A21 (Torino – Alessandria – Piacenza), A5 (Torino – Ivrea 
– Quincinetto), the link road A4/A5 (Ivrea – Santhià), the Torino – Pinerolo fork and the “Sistema 
Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese” may be definitely be awarded to an entity not belonging to the 
ASTM Group.  For further information, see “Description of the Issuer - Motorway Sector – 
International Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries” below.   
The Brazilian Motorway Concessions are currently set to expire between March 2026 
and October 2056.  For further information on the expected duration of the Brazilian Motorway 
Concessions, see “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – International Motorway Activities – 
Brazilian Motorway Activities – Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries” below. 
In the event the ASTM Group is not able to maintain or enter into new Italian Motorway Concessions 
(including, respectively, the ones relating to the A12 (Sestri Levante – Livorno) / A11 (Viareggio – 
Lucca) / A15 (Fornola – La Spezia) stretches and the A21 stretches mentioned above for which legal 
proceedings are currently pending) and/or Brazilian Motorway Concessions or obtain renewal of the 
concessions already managed by it – to be awarded through the European bidding process as far as the 
Italian Motorway Concessions are concerned – after the termination of each relevant Italian Motorway 
Concession / Brazilian Motorway Concession or if the new Italian Motorway Concessions / Brazilian 
Motorway Concession entered into do not have terms similar to those of the current Italian Motorway 
Concessions / Brazilian Motorway Concession, the Issuer’s business and results of operation could be 
adversely affected. 
In addition, each Italian Motorway Concession and Brazilian Motorway Concession is governed by 
agreements which require the relevant Motorway Subsidiary to comply with certain obligations 
(including performing regular maintenance and improvement works on the relevant motorways and 
operating emergency motorway rescue services).  Failure by a Motorway Subsidiary to fulfil its material 
obligations under the relevant Motorway Concession could, if such failure is not remedied, lead to the 
early termination of the relevant Motorway Concession by the grantor.  In this case, the ASTM Group 
would be required to transfer all of the assets relating to the operation of the relevant motorway network 
without consideration to the grantor.  In the case of early termination of a Motorway Concession due to 
the concessionaire, the Motorway Subsidiary may be entitled to receive an amount determined in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Motorway Concession agreement and applicable law (Italian

--- Page 17 ---
8 
 
Law (Codice Appalti) or Brazilian law, as the case may be); in this case no compensation amount, or 
an amount significantly lower than the relevant Motorway Subsidiary’s expectations, may be 
recognised. 
1.2 
Risks related to the reduction in traffic volumes and corresponding decreases in toll revenues and 
royalty revenues 
As specified, inter alia, under the “Description of the Issuer” below, the ASTM Group derives most of 
its revenues from toll paid by users of the motorway network managed by it in Italy and Brazil (the 
“ASTM Group Network”) and, partially, royalty revenues derived from sales of goods and services at 
service areas (including oil and non-oil services) on the ASTM Group Network and revenues from 
ancillaries services performed under the Brazilian Motorway Concessions. 
The aggregate amount of these revenues is dependent primarily on traffic volumes, tariffs and the 
capacity of the ASTM Group Network to manage such traffic.  In turn, traffic volumes and toll revenues 
are dependent on a number of factors, including the quality, convenience, cost and travel time on toll-
free roads or on toll motorways operated by the ASTM Group’s competitors, the availability, the quality 
and state of repair of the ASTM Group motorways, the economic climate and rising petrol prices, 
environmental legislation (including measures to restrict motor vehicle usage in order to reduce air 
pollution), weather and the existence of alternative means of transportation.  Long haul traffic, which 
relates to trips of at least 300 kilometres and to the transport of commercial goods or other 
business-related activities, is particularly adversely impacted by negative macroeconomic trends.  A 
decrease in traffic volumes and a corresponding decrease in toll revenues and royalty revenues may 
have a material adverse impact on the ASTM Group’s results of operations or financial condition. 
1.3 
Risks related to the ASTM Group’s failure to implement the investment plans required under the 
Motorway Concessions within the expected timeframe and budget or its inability to recoup certain 
cost overruns 
The investment plans for each Motorway Concession require the relevant Motorway Subsidiary to carry 
out a number of significant investment projects.  The ASTM Group’s ability to carry out timely the 
investment projects depends on, inter alia, the ASTM Group’s experience in funding and planning the 
works and estimating costs and on the grantor’s authorization process necessary for the beginning of 
the works.  The investment plan for each Motorway Concession can be influenced and materially 
modified by new regulation, new technical requirements or periodic safety measurements 
communicated by the relevant authorities. 
In addition, the ASTM Group is subject to certain risks inherent in construction projects which are 
outside of the Issuer’s control.  These risks may include (i) delays in obtaining regulatory approval for 
a project (including, but not limited to, environmental requirements and planning approvals at national 
and local government levels); (ii) delays in obtaining approvals required for tariff increases in order to 
fund the project; (iii) changes in general economic, business and credit or funding conditions; (iv) the 
non-performance or unsatisfactory performance of contractors and subcontractors (where such work is 
performed by third parties); (v) the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to 
contractors and reopening of public tender procedures; (vi) interruptions resulting from litigation, 
disputes, revocation of approvals or additional requests from local authorities, inclement weather and 
unforeseen environmental or engineering problems; (vii) delays in expropriation procedures including, 
inter alia, protests and/or public opposition to the expropriation of land needed for such developments 
(also known as “not-in-my-backyard” or “NIMBY” protests); (viii) shortages of materials and labour 
and/or increased costs of materials and labour; (ix) claims of suppliers; (x) provisions of the local 
authorities after the conclusion of the authorisation procedures, which require the operation of 
secondary roads; (xi) revocation of the authorisations obtained and consequent interruption of the 
works; (xii) limited governance of the procedures for removing technological interferences within the 
competence of the managing entity; (xiii) expropriation procedures.  The implementation of the 
investment plans could also be affected by other events including, inter alia, those referred to in “Risks 
related to industrial action, damage or destruction of sections of the ASTM Group’s motorways and/or 
other interruptions of services” below. 
In particular, a delay in the completion or any interruption of the construction of a motorway could 
affect the ability of the relevant Motorway Subsidiary to generate a cash flow sufficient to finance its

--- Page 18 ---
9 
 
general corporate purposes, repay the indebtedness assumed to construct the relevant motorway 
(including, without limitation, the indebtedness, if any, vis-à-vis the Issuer under any intercompany loan 
granted by the Issuer) and to pay dividends to its shareholders (such as the Issuer). 
Furthermore, the applicable regulatory framework does not entitle the Motorway Subsidiaries to 
recover, through the annual tariff adjustment, losses caused by delays or cost overruns unless such 
delays or costs are attributable to extraordinary events that can affect the economic and financial plan 
provisions (such as force majeure events or events that are not controlled by, or attributable to, the 
relevant Motorway Subsidiary) and/or to the extent that the provisions set forth in the relevant 
Motorway Subsidiary’s single concession allow the relevant Motorway Subsidiary to receive a 
remuneration for the investments made in excess with respect to the relevant economic and financial 
plans provisions, provided that such investments made in excess are not attributable to the relevant 
Motorway Subsidiary. 
1.4 
Risks related to any delays in the disbursement of the public contributions or revocation by the 
competent authorities 
The ASTM Group has assumed that a number of projects will benefit at least in part from contributions 
from the Italian Government.  The governmental contributions are provided for by law or pursuant to 
the relevant Italian Motorway Concession and, following any delays in scheduled completion times of 
projects or project benchmarks, some delays in the payment of contributions from State authorities may 
occur.  On the basis of general principles of Italian law, public contributions may be subject to 
revocation by the competent authorities for public interest reasons or due to defaults by the 
concessionaire to meet the obligations on which the payment of the relevant contribution is dependent.  
Delays in payments or revocation of public contributions may have a material adverse effect on the 
ASTM Group’s working capital and general financial condition and results of operations. 
1.5 
Risk that the MIT and the Transport Regulatory Authority could impose a procedure to reimburse 
delays on the Motorways  
The Italian operator Autostrade per l’Italia (“ASPI”), as a part of its negotiated settlement with the 
Italian Government following the collapse of the Morandi Bridge, agreed with the MIT to implement 
an experimental basis through 31 December 2021 a means by which travellers utilizing the motorways 
can ask for reimbursement if their travel times are impacted negatively by delays on stretches managed 
by ASPI.  Given that train and airplane operators, as well, have put into place a mechanism for 
reimbursing customers for delays not due to third parties or external factors but to the operators’ own 
operations, the Authorities might ask/impose to implement a similar mechanism to all the toll-road 
operators.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ASTM Group as a whole does not have any such 
mechanism in place. However, following the warning filed by a user claiming that the tariffs charged 
by Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. were excessive and that no reimbursements/reliefs were 
available in case of serious traffic disruptions, the Italian Competition Authority (Autorità Garante della 
Concorrenza e del Mercato, the “AGCM”) has sent a request for information to the Italian Motorway 
Subsidiary. Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. has reverted to the request and has committed to 
implement starting from July 2022, on a progressive basis, the proposed measures (information to the 
consumer regarding the presence of the construction sites, methods of opening and rational management 
of the sites themselves, implementation of an application that allows the management of a 
reimbursement mechanism in the case of actual user inconvenience due to ascertained responsibility of 
the company) of which the AGCM will be constantly updated. On 6 September 2022, the AGCM 
notified Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. of the initiation of proceedings pursuant to Article 27, 
paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree No. 206 of 6 September 2005, as amended, as well as pursuant to 
Article 6 of the “Regulation on investigative procedures on misleading and comparative advertising, 
unfair commercial practices, violation of consumer rights in contracts, violation of the prohibition of 
discrimination and unfair terms”. Following the proceeding, on 10 May 2023, the AGCM notified 
Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. a sanction of €700,000. Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. 
is filing an appeal against the sanction, which it deems groundless and inadequate with reference to its 
liability with respect to the dispute raised by the AGCM.  
It is not at all clear whether the ASPI mechanism will work or can be applied to the rest of the motorway 
network, which is in any event complicated by the fact that travellers may use motorway stretches

--- Page 19 ---
10 
 
operated by several different concessionaires on the same trip.  Should the Authorities in any event 
proceed towards making the implementation of a reimbursement mechanism obligatory, ASTM will 
need to develop such a mechanism and allocate monies to reimburse travellers that correctly ask for 
reimbursement.  
1.6 
ASTM’s business in the motorway sector is subject to competition 
Competition from other motorway operators or the development or improvement of alternative 
networks, including toll-free motorways, may decrease traffic volumes on toll-roads operated by the 
ASTM Group, thereby adversely affecting the ASTM Group’s revenues and growth.  Moreover, with 
respect to long haul traffic, the ASTM Group faces competition from alternative forms of transportation, 
such as high-speed rail and air travel.  There can be no assurance that the market share of such alternative 
forms of transportation will not increase. 
In addition, the possibility for the ASTM Group to expand its network, to award new concessions or to 
renew the existing expiring ones depends on its ability to successfully compete in the relevant 
international tender processes.  Any such lack of investment opportunities and the high competition on 
the cost of capital has reduced opportunities globally and increased the competition with a consequent 
negative impact on award chances and operational margins, which may cause the ASTM Group to 
compete for projects that have lower profitability and to face strong competition from entities with a 
lower cost of capital. 
1.7 
ASTM’s business in the EPC sector is subject to heavy competition 
ASTM and its subsidiaries active in the EPC sector, which accounted for 27.5% of the ASTM Group 
Turnover in 2022, operate in a highly competitive environment.  The profitability of the ASTM Group 
could be affected by the failure to accurately estimate risks, the availability, quantities and cost of 
resources and time when bidding on projects.  In particular, in the ordinary course of business, the 
ASTM Group competes against various other groups and companies that may have more experience, 
resources or local awareness which may give the latter significant advantages. 
Furthermore, an economic slowdown in Europe and financial difficulties of emerging countries may 
negatively affect public and private clients’ investment capacity and, by extension, business 
opportunities in those parts of the world.  Any such lack of investment opportunities may reduce 
opportunities globally and increase the competition with a consequent negative impact on prices and 
margins, which may cause the ASTM Group to compete for EPC projects that have lower profitability. 
Internationally in recent years, the EPC sector has seen low profitability margins as a result of 
aggressive commercial strategies, imbalances in risk transfers with customers and inflationary pressures 
on goods and services purchased from third parties.  In 2022, such strong competitiveness and the 
material problems that impacted some specific foreign construction works affected the profitability of 
ASTM and its subsidiaries operating in the EPC sector where the ASTM Group recorded a negative 
EBITDA of €(63.2) million, compared to a positive EBITDA of €10.5 million recorded in 2021.  In 
particular, the exceptional increase of prices of raw materials, electricity and other commodities 
resulting from the Russian-Ukraine war in 2022, which exacerbated the rise of prices of 2021 occurred 
as a consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, gave rise to significant extra costs in respect of certain 
projects. These include, by way of example, the project for the Storstrøm Bridge in Denmark that 
required a revision of the economic forecasts at project end, and led to a revision of execution schedules 
and the factoring in of increased costs for raw materials and services only partially covered by the 
provision of the contract, ultimately affecting negatively the expected margin for the project. In this 
context, in 2022 a request for arbitration was presented to the Danish Building and Construction 
Arbitration Board for price escalation, extension of time and design defects. In the case of the Reem 
Mall construction project in Abu Dhabi, the numerous project changes and additional work requested 
by the client have led to significant extra costs, which were initially the subject of amicable discussion 
with the client until it unilaterally decided to terminate the contract and enforce the performance bonds 
due to asserted but not substantiated damages. The Group has opposed the request and commenced 
arbitration proceedings to claim for the restitution of the amounts paid, together with a request 
recognising the illegitimacy of the contract termination and compensation of extra costs incurred. As a 
consequence of the above circumstances, Itinera’s shareholders’ approved and implemented a

--- Page 20 ---
11 
 
recapitalisation plan for a total of Euro 245.7 million to protect long-term profitability and balance sheet 
strength and support the company’s business plan. 
If competition in the EPC increases further ASTM and its subsidiaries could be unable to obtain 
contracts for new projects and thereby not sustain the order book in line with the current one.  
Alternatively, ASTM may win EPC projects under less favourable terms, which would potentially harm 
ASTM and its subsidiaries and impact negatively their business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The business of undertaking large scale construction projects relies on the correct identification of key 
inherent risks, such as shortages, and increased costs, of materials, machinery and labour, the estimation 
of quantities and costs and the establishment of appropriate deadlines.  In relation to large construction 
projects the management of the following risk factors is necessary to generate adequate returns from 
the capital invested by the ASTM Group in such activity:  the availability of qualified personnel to 
design plan and manage the construction, the cost and availability of materials, labour, machinery and 
equipment, inflation of wages, unforeseen modifications to the project, inclement weather conditions 
or natural disasters, unforeseen geological or technical problems, modifications of laws or regulations. 
If any of ASTM’s subsidiaries operating in the EPC sector or a sub-contractor working on their behalf 
fails to achieve contractual objectives, or if there are any problems arising from adverse weather 
conditions, accidents or unexpected technical or environmental difficulties, projects may be delayed 
which thereby may cause increased or excess construction costs. 
In addition, in the context of the vast majority of construction projects endeavoured by the ASTM 
Group, ASTM and/or Itinera have issued parent company guarantees and counter-indemnities in favour 
of banks and/or insurance companies which, in turn, have provided performance bonds and/or other 
indemnity agreements in favour of the relevant projects owners in respect of the obligations assumed 
by the Group’s construction companies in the context of such projects. The enforcement of these 
performance bonds and indemnities and, as a consequence, of the connected parent company guarantees 
and counter-indemnities issued by ASTM and/or Itinera may have a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
1.8 
Risks related to the international activity of the ASTM Group 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ASTM Group operates in various countries in Europe, Latin 
America, Africa, the Middle East and the United States. Consolidated turnover generated abroad 
amounted to approximately €1,551.3 million during the fiscal year ending 31 December 2022, 
representing 46% of the ASTM Group’s Turnover. In addition, in the EPC sector the order book of the 
ASTM Group, amounting to approximately € 6.1 billion as at 31 December 2022, related to works to 
be carried out abroad for a share of 51.1% of the total (approximately €3.1billion). 
The ASTM Group is therefore exposed to a range of country-specific business risks, including, inter 
alia, fluctuations in local economic growth, changes to government policies or regulations in the 
countries in which it operates, changes in the commercial climate, devaluation, depreciation or 
excessive valuation of local currencies, imposition of monetary and other restrictions on the movement 
of capital for foreign corporations, economic crises, state expropriation of assets, the absence, loss or 
non-renewal of favourable treaties or similar agreements with foreign tax authorities and political, social 
and economic instability, changes in interest rates and changes in inflation rates and any disputes with 
local partners with which the ASTM Group operates through partnerships and joint venture contracts.  
See also “– Risks related to the activity of the ASTM Group in Brazil” below for information on 
additional risks specific to the ASTM Group’s operations in Brazil.  Any investment in foreign or 
domestic companies may result in an increased complexity of the operations of the ASTM Group.  The 
occurrence of such events and, in general, significant changes in the macroeconomic, political, fiscal or 
regulatory framework of such countries, could compromise the international operations of the ASTM 
Group with a consequent material adverse impact on the ASTM Group’s results of operations and 
financial condition. 
1.9 
Risks related to the activity of the ASTM Group in Brazil 
The ASTM Group’s operations in Brazil require specific considerations.  Brazil experienced high rates 
of inflation in the past as well as significant volatility in its macroeconomics fundamentals and fiscal

--- Page 21 ---
12 
 
policy. In part as a result of the shocks caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, inflation in Brazil rose rapidly 
from 4.56% in January 2021 and peaked at 12% in April 2022. It subsequently declined to 5.79% in the 
month of December 2022. As a result, the Central Bank of Brazil reacted by increasing its Selic rate 
from 2% in January 2021 to 13.75% in August 2022, where it has been held steady. The current scenario 
is uncertain due to international economic weakening and weak domestic economic performance in the 
fourth quarter of 2022. Certain Brazilian governmental actions to curb inflation and speculation can 
materially and adversely affect Brazilian economy.  Moreover, uncertainties regarding the possibility 
that the newly elected government will intervene in government finances and the economy may impact 
business and consumer confidence negatively and cause the economy to perform poorly, incite inflation 
or increase volatility in the Brazilian capital markets, thereby decrease liquidity of the local capital and 
financial markets and increase costs to access them.  This may affect ASTM’s Brazilian operations. 
Brazilian government frequently intervenes in the Brazilian economy, often making significant changes 
to policies and regulations.  Past Brazilian government’s actions to control inflation, stimulate economic 
growth and other policies and regulations involved, among other measures, increases in interest rates, 
changes in tax policies, salary and price controls, blockage of bank accounts access, currency 
devaluations, capital controls, and limits on imports. 
Brazilian government has also often implemented and discussed a number of changes in tax regimes 
that may affect Brazilian companies.  Such changes in tax may increase EcoRodovias Group tax burden, 
adversely affect its profitability and results of operations, or impose new taxes on the profits distributed 
by them.  Brazilian Congress is currently discussing a tax reform that could tax the dividends and other 
profits distributed by the EcoRodovias Group.  The Issuer and the ASTM Group have no control over 
which measures or policies the Brazilian government may adopt in the future and are unable to predict 
them. 
Political instability in Brazil has historically been influencing Brazil’s economy performance and 
confidence of investors and the public in general, which may result in economic slowdown.  In January 
2023, the new federal administration took office in a relative close election marked by political and 
social turmoil division in place in the country. Since the new federal administration is still in its early 
days, it is difficult for the market and the Issuer to evaluate how the newly elected government’s actions 
will affect the aforementioned political instability and what impact it will have on the Brazilian 
economy. 
As a result, the ASTM Group’s business, financial condition, operational revenues and prospects may 
be adversely affected by events in the foreign countries where it operates, particularly in Brazil, where 
inflation, economic interventions, changes in policies or regulations, new or increased taxes and 
political instability are relevant. 
1.10 
The Covid-19 virus health emergency has had, and may have in the future, a significant impact on 
the ASTM Group’s operations 
The Covid-19 virus health emergency has had, and may continue to have in the future, a significant 
impact on the ASTM Group’s operations and its revenues generation. 
As regards the ASTM Group’s Italian operating activities, the various government measures in 2020-
2022 aimed at curbing the spread of the virus, including, inter alia, by limiting and restricting the 
movement of individuals in Italy, had an impact on mobility with negative consequences on traffic 
trends along the relevant motorways with a consequent negative impact on toll revenues. Similarly, a 
negative impact on mobility and traffic levels and, consequently, on toll revenues has been experienced 
(i) in Brazil by EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica S.A. (“EcoRodovias”), a company in which the 
Issuer currently holds a 51.9% indirect equity interest, and its subsidiaries operating motorway 
concessions between the Mid-West, South and South-East of Brazil and (ii) in the United Kingdom, in 
which operates Road Link Holdings Limited, a company 20% directly owned by the Issuer, 
consolidated with the equity method.  For further information on traffic data, see “Risks related to the 
reduction in traffic volumes and corresponding decreases in toll revenues and royalty revenues” above 
and “Description of the Issuer” below. 
In 2020, Covid-19 pandemic repercussions also emerged in the engineering, procurement and 
construction (EPC) sector, with the suspension of the activities of the main construction sites underway

--- Page 22 ---
13 
 
in Italy for various causes, either because the clients themselves, both public and private, requested it 
for safety reasons, or there were no subcontractors and suppliers available on the sites, or because there 
were difficulties in organising the activities of the workers (board, lodging, transport, etc.) and 
operations in compliance with the rules contained in the safety protocols issued at a national level.  As 
opposed to the motorway concessions business, thanks to measures implemented by the ASTM Group’s 
companies, in the first half of 2021 the Covid-19 pandemic had less significant impacts on the operations 
of companies in the EPC sector. 
Although after the vaccine campaign the most recent variants of Covid-19 have been a mild strain, 
leading to less stringent measures on mobility and economic activities across the world compared to the 
previous variant, concerns about potential new strains remain. If the Covid-19 pandemic health 
emergency and its impacts on macroeconomic conditions continue and/or re-exacerbate in particular in 
Italy and/or in Brazil, a negative impact may be expected on the revenue generation capacity of the 
ASTM Group. 
1.11 
Risk related to the Russian/Ukrainian conflict 
As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, countries and multinational organizations such 
as, inter alia, the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, 
and Australia have announced and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, such as the 
designation of a number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in “blocked person” 
lists, the removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer of money 
between banks, a prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services to certain 
companies or banks that are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with 
certain Russian counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods 
and technologies (such as goods and technologies that are dual-use or could contribute to the military, 
technological or industrial enhancement of Russia, goods and technologies suitable for oil refining and 
liquefaction of natural gas, and goods and technologies suitable for use in the aviation or aerospace 
industry). 
Further to the above, in the first quarter of 2022, international tensions resulted in natural gas and 
electricity benchmark prices remaining elevated. The United States has also imposed a ban on the 
importation into the United States of oil, oil products, liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) and coal from 
Russia. Conversely, the European Union has sought to safeguard the importation and transportation of 
natural gas, from or through Russia in order to secure critical energy supplies within the European 
Union, while imposing restrictions on the import of coal and solid fossil fuels, oil and oil products. The 
imposition or maintenance of sanctions could result in adverse reactions from Russia, such as disruption 
of natural gas supplies to the European Union and/or the increase of the gas sale price. 
The ASTM Group is not directly exposed in the geopolitical areas affected by the Russian/Ukrainian 
crisis, with the exception of indirect investments of the Issuer in Russia that entered within the scope of 
the Group, as a consequence of business combinations and/or consolidations carried out in 2020 and 
2021. In particular, reference is made to (a) Tecnositaf LLC, 99.9% owned by Tecnositaf S.p.A. (a 
company in the process of voluntary liquidation, 100% owned by Società Italiana per il Traforo 
Autostradale del Fréjus S.p.A., which is in turn 68.09% owned by the Issuer) (“Tecnositaf Russia”), 
(b) United Operator, a company 10% owned by Tecnositaf Russia (“United Operator”) and (c) 
Tuborus LLC, 50% owned by Tubosider S.p.A. (a company controlled by Itinera S.p.A., which is in 
turn controlled by the Issuer, “Tubosider”) and over which Tubosider does not exercise any formal and 
de facto control nor is it involved in any way in its management activity (“Tuborus” and, together with 
Tecnositaf Russia and United Operator, the “Russian Companies” and each a “Russian Company”).  
As at 31 December 2022, the revenues of the activities of Tecnositaf Russia, the only consolidated 
Russian Company, accounted for 0.01% of the total revenues of the Group. The book value of the equity 
interests held in, respectively, the non-consolidated Russian Companies Tuborus and United Operator 
recorded in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 was equal to 
zero and the book value of such equity interests recorded in the consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at 31 December 2021 was equal to, respectively, €1.1 million and zero. Such Russian 
Companies are not financed directly or indirectly by the Issuer and, after the implementation of the 
Russian sanctions in 2022, have not transferred directly or indirectly, funds and/or assets to the Issuer

--- Page 23 ---
14 
 
itself. For the sake of completeness, the Issuer will not make available, directly or indirectly, the 
proceeds arising under the Notes to any of the Russian Companies nor will it make available such 
proceeds to any sanctioned entity. 
In addition to the above, the conflict has had repercussions on the activities of the Group. The tightening 
of international sanctions, together with the restrictive countermeasures adopted by the Russian 
government, has caused serious repercussions on the prices of raw materials and derivatives (oil, energy, 
gas, ferrous materials, etc.) and indirectly on the prices of consumer goods, creating an inflationary 
spiral which led to an increase in interest rates consequent to the changed monetary policy pursued by 
Central Banks. These factors are having and presumably will continue to have an effect on 
macroeconomic conditions and the economies of several countries, including Italy and Brazil and may 
alter the normal market trends and, more generally, business operating conditions. In particular, in the 
context of an economic recession, the ASTM Group could experience a significant reduction of traffic 
volumes. Furthermore, the Group companies operating in the EPC sector are facing issues related to the 
procurement of construction materials, with inevitable delays in the expected time of works completion, 
which, together with prices increase, could give rise to costs overrun and, ultimately, enforcement of 
performance guarantees and requests for liquidated damages (for further information in this respect, see 
also “ASTM’s business in the EPC sector is subject to heavy competition” above). In relation to the 
concessions sector, the aforesaid crisis is causing higher spending for investments and, in some cases, 
a delay in their schedule. 
All these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.  
1.12 
Credit and counterparty risk 
Credit risk is the Group’s exposure to potential losses arising from the failure of the counterparty to 
meet its obligations. Although the type of clients in the EPC sector, which essentially includes public 
entities and public and private clients with a high credit standing, leads to the consideration that default 
risk is unlikely, the cases of extension to collection times beyond the contractual terms and requests for 
dilution of debt are more frequent.  All companies forming part of the Group constantly monitor the 
trade receivables and write down positions for which partial or total default is identified. The amount 
of the write-downs takes account of an estimate of the recoverable cash flows and the related collection 
date, future expenses and costs for recovery and the value of guarantees and deposits received from 
customers. Unfortunately, in recent years, the number of financial defaults involving companies 
operating in the construction sector and the related supply chain has increased considerably, including 
companies of primary credit standing.  Such defaults have affected a number of companies operating in 
partnerships with Itinera on a number of works contracts, and may affect in the future other companies 
of, or operating in partnership with, the ASTM Group.  Losses arising from the failure of a counterparty 
of the EPC sector to meet its obligations, which can derive both from factors of technical-commercial 
or administrative-legal nature and from factors of financial nature (i.e. the “credit standing” of the 
counterparty), may have negative consequences in operating, economic and financial terms for the 
ASTM Group. 
If a counterparty defaults on its obligations or becomes insolvent, construction delays and additional 
costs to replace the counterparty may arise.  Any delays or discrepancies in the execution of works 
attributable to contractors or suppliers could result in the ASTM Group incurring liability vis-à-vis 
clients or inefficiencies in the supply chain.  In addition, the risk that a counterparty may default on its 
obligations or become insolvent prior to maturity would leave the ASTM Group with an outstanding 
claim against such counterparty and/or an unhedged position with respect to commodities or interest 
rates. 
With reference to the Motorway Concessions, tolls are collected at the tool gates by cash or 
subsequently cashed-in via electronic payments (credit cards, debit cards, pre-paid subscription, 
electronic tag, etc.) or paid by other concessionaires on the base of a specific interconnection agreement.  
Considering that most of the toll collection is based on delayed payment mechanisms, the ASTM Group 
may face the risk of insolvency of its counterparties.

--- Page 24 ---
15 
 
1.13 
Risks related to the performance of activities through consortia, joint ventures and co-controlling 
and minority interests 
The ASTM Group companies, and especially those operating in the EPC sector, carry out some of their 
activities through partnerships, consortia, joint ventures and other forms of corporate participation 
together with other operators and companies in the sector.  If the partners of the ASTM Group become 
insolvent or are unable to fulfil their obligations, the companies of the ASTM Group may be required 
to select other partners to replace the previous ones or, alternatively, to fulfil these obligations 
themselves, with possible increases in costs, delays in the execution of works or the payment of 
penalties in favour of the client. 
In addition, partnerships may experience decision-making deadlocks caused by any disagreement 
between partners regarding certain matters in board and shareholders’ meetings for which qualified 
majorities are required.  Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ASTM Group may not be able to 
maximise the profitability of the activities carried out in partnership due to various factors, such as, for 
example, (i) the inability of the partners to make accurate estimates and assessments during the project 
preparation, (ii) the weaker capacity of the ASTM Group to monitor and influence the management of 
the projects by the partners, (iii) the joint and several liability arising from the participation in temporary 
joint ventures (ATI) or other consortia in the tenders and (iv) the performance of commissions with 
partners that could breach their obligations vis-à-vis the client.  The occurrence of the above events 
could compromise the operations of the ASTM Group with a consequent material adverse impact on 
the ASTM Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
1.14 
Risks related to industrial action, damage or destruction of sections of the ASTM Group’s motorways 
and/or other interruptions of services 
Both the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries and the Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries face potential risks 
from industrial action, natural disasters, such as earthquakes or flooding, landslides or subsidence, 
collapse or destruction of sections of motorway, inclement weather conditions (such as severe snow 
conditions, strong wind and sleet) or man-made disasters such as fires, acts of terrorism or the spillage 
of hazardous substances, as well as from the interruption of service due to events beyond their control 
such as accidents, the breakdown of equipment, leaks of hazardous substances and the malfunctioning 
of control systems.  The occurrence of any such events – as well as work stoppages however occurring 
– could lead to a significant decline in toll revenues from the ASTM Group’s motorways or a significant 
increase in expenditures for the operation, maintenance or repair of the ASTM Group Network.  In 
addition, service malfunctions or interruptions may result in the commencement of investigations by 
the competent authority, the imposition of fines and penalties and could expose the ASTM Group to 
legal proceedings and claims for damages.  If the interruptions of services are attributable to negligent 
conduct (including omission) of the Motorway Subsidiaries, the competent Governmental authority 
could – depending on the seriousness of the interruption and the relevant conduct of the Motorway 
Subsidiary – order the forfeiture of the relevant Motorway Concessions, the suspension of tariff 
adjustments or the application of sanctions or penalties.  The occurrence of such events could have a 
material adverse impact on the ASTM Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
1.15 
The ASTM Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage 
Various issues may give rise to reputational risk and cause harm to the ASTM Group.  Reputational 
risk denotes the danger that an event or several successive events might cause reputational damage 
(public opinion), which might limit the ASTM Group’s current and future business opportunities and 
activities (potential success) and thus lead to indirect financial losses (such as a reduction in investment 
opportunities, revenues, availability and cost of financing) or direct financial losses (such as penalties 
and litigation costs).  Damage to the ASTM Group’s reputation or image could result in a direct effect 
on the financial success of the ASTM Group. 
The issues that could give rise to reputational risk include catastrophic events on the ASTM Group’s 
infrastructure (see also “– Risks related to industrial action, damage or destruction of sections of the 
ASTM Group’s motorways and/or other interruptions of services” above), reputational loss for the 
ASTM Group in general, legal and regulatory requirements, antitrust and competition law issues, ethical 
issues, environmental issues, money laundering and anti-bribery laws, data protection laws, information 
security policies, or problems with services provided by the ASTM Group or by third parties on its

--- Page 25 ---
16 
 
behalf.  Failure to address these issues appropriately could also give rise to additional legal risk, which 
could adversely affect existing litigation claims against the ASTM Group and the amount of damages 
asserted against the ASTM Group or subject it to additional litigation claims or regulatory sanctions.  
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on the brand and reputation of the ASTM 
Group, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As the ASTM Group operates in many different countries with different cultures and jurisdictions, the 
way in which the ASTM Group chooses to address any issues faced by the ASTM Group may differ 
depending on the location.  Furthermore, there can be no assurance that issues which may be positively 
received in certain jurisdictions would be positively received in other jurisdictions and the ASTM Group 
may suffer reputational loss as a result of any decisions made by the ASTM Group to address any such 
issues, which could have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
1.16 
Risks related to past and future acquisitions and business combinations, including potential 
increases in leverage resulting from the financing of the transactions and the integration of new 
companies into the ASTM Group 
As further described in this Base Prospectus, ASTM has acquired a number of companies and its growth 
strategy does not exclude potential new acquisitions.  The acquisitions that ASTM has already carried 
out (including, inter alia, HALMAR, ATIVA, SITAF, EcoRodovias) and other integration projects 
already carried out, as well as any future acquisitions and other business combinations may result in a 
significant expansion and increased complexity of the ASTM Group’s operations, corporate governance 
and accounting procedure and financial structure.  Such acquisitions and other business combinations 
may have adverse consequences.  Acquisitions and other business combinations require the integration 
and combination of different management, strategies, procedures, products and services, client bases 
and distribution networks, with the aim of streamlining the business structure and operations of the 
newly enlarged group.  Although the Issuer assesses each investment based on financial and market 
analysis, which includes certain assumptions, existing and potential future acquisitions and/or business 
combinations therefore expose ASTM and the ASTM Group to risks connected to the integration of 
new companies into the ASTM Group.  These risks may relate to:  (i) difficulties arising from having 
to manage a significantly broader and more complex organisation; (ii) problems resulting from the 
coordination and consolidation of corporate and administrative functions (including internal controls 
and procedures relating to accounting and financial reporting); (iii) the possible diversion of 
management’s attention from the operation of existing businesses; (iv) substantial costs, delays or other 
operational or financial problems in integrating acquired businesses; (v) difficulties arising from 
unanticipated events, circumstances or legal liabilities; or (vi) the failure to achieve expected synergies.  
Furthermore, this integration process may require additional investment and expense requiring proper 
funding.  Failure to successfully manage one or more of the foregoing circumstances, or the need for 
significant further investments in order to do so could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
revenues, results of operations and financial condition of ASTM and the ASTM Group. 
Furthermore, the ability of ASTM to appoint and finally elect the directors of its controlled companies 
must follow certain legal and regulatory procedures, which may differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction 
and be time consuming.  For instance, on 17 March 2023, the board of directors of EcoRodovias called 
an ordinary shareholders’ meeting of the company which was held on 19 April 2023 to appoint a new 
board of directors, among other matters.  Brazilian law and stock exchange regulations require prior 
notice, delivery of information and certain other procedures thereto.  Although ASTM has the power 
and ability to nominate, appoint and elect the majority of EcoRodovias’ board of directors, such 
procedures required by Brazilian law and regulations must be followed and request for delivery of 
additional information may occur, which may cause unexpected delays. 
1.17 
The ASTM Group is dependent on the performance of third party contractors when developing or 
expanding motorways and may suffer delays or fail to achieve expected results 
In circumstances where the ASTM Group seeks to create value by undertaking the development, 
extension or expansion of a concession’s motorways, it will typically be dependent on the performance 
of third party contractors who undertake the management or execution of such development, extension

--- Page 26 ---
17 
 
or expansion on behalf of the ASTM Group.  The risks of development, extension or expansion include, 
inter alia, the insolvency of third party contractors or their failure to perform contractual obligations 
(including with respect to the quality of their work), which may result in liability of the ASTM Group 
for the actions of third party contractors, costs increases and/or delays in the delivery of projects, as 
well as disputes between the ASTM Group and such contractors.  
If the ASTM Group’s third party contractors fail to successfully perform the services for which they 
have been engaged, either as a result of their own fault or negligence, or due to the ASTM Group’s 
failure to properly supervise any such contractors, the ASTM Group’s ability to complete works on 
schedule and within forecasted costs to the requisite levels of quality could be adversely impacted and 
this could have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation  
2.1 
The ASTM Group is burdened by significant indebtedness 
As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, the ASTM Group Total financial indebtedness – 
ESMA resulting from, respectively, the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2021 and 
the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022 was equal to, respectively, 
€4,951.2 million and €6,150.2 million (as calculated in accordance with the “Guidelines on disclosure 
requirements under the prospectus regulation” issued by ESMA in March 2021). 
Therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ASTM Group is burdened by significant financial 
indebtedness and has to bear substantial financial charges. 
The ASTM Group’s significant financial indebtedness and any future increase in such indebtedness – 
as well as the constraints on its operations resulting from such indebtedness – may have a number of 
negative effects including the following:  (i) the use of a significant portion of the cash flows from 
operations to service the ASTM Group’s debt, with a consequent reduction of the cash flows available 
for its operations and strategic growth; (ii) vulnerability of the ASTM Group to deterioration of its 
business, the economy or its industry; (iii) difficulty in meeting the ASTM Group’s debt obligations 
and a significant limitation or impairment of its ability to refinance such debts; (iv) exposure to interest 
rate increases; (v) a disadvantage compared to those competitors that have a lower level of indebtedness 
compared to cash flows and therefore a lower financial burden; (vi) reduced ability to seize certain 
business opportunities or to make acquisitions or investments; (vii) reduced ability to obtain further 
loans and new credit lines to finance the ASTM Group’s commercial activities and issue supporting 
guarantees; and (viii) significant exposure to frequent refinancing exercises.  Any of the foregoing 
circumstances may result in a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects. 
In addition, the ASTM Group is required to comply with certain financial covenant ratios in connection 
with a portion of its indebtedness.  To the extent that the ASTM Group is unable to comply with such 
financial ratios, the ASTM Group may be required to seek consents or obtain waivers or repay such 
indebtedness; otherwise, the failure to comply with such financial covenants may result in the ASTM 
Group being in breach of the terms of such financial indebtedness, which may ultimately trigger cross-
default provisions under the terms of the ASTM Group’s outstanding indebtedness, including the Notes. 
2.2 
The ASTM Group requires a significant amount of cash to service its debt 
The ASTM Group’s ability to make payments on, and to refinance its debt and to fund working capital 
and capital expenditures, will depend on its future operating performance and ability to generate 
sufficient cash.  This depends, to some extent, on general economic, financial, competitive, market, 
legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond the ASTM Group’s control, as well 
as the other factors discussed in these “Risk Factors”. 
No assurances can be given that the businesses of the ASTM Group will generate sufficient cash flows 
from operations or that future debt and/or equity support will be available in an amount sufficient to 
enable the ASTM Group to comply with its financial covenants, to pay its debts when due (which may 
be earlier than the scheduled repayment date), including the Notes, or to fund other liquidity needs.

--- Page 27 ---
18 
 
If the ASTM Group’s future cash flows from operations and other capital resources (including 
borrowings under existing or future credit facilities) are insufficient to comply with its financial 
covenants or pay its obligations as they mature or to fund liquidity needs, the ASTM Group may be 
forced to, inter alia, reduce or cancel the distribution of dividends, reduce or delay participation in 
certain non-concession related business activities, including complementary activities, sell certain non-
core business assets, or seek consents or obtain waivers from the relevant creditors in connection with 
financial covenants.  No assurances can be given that the ASTM Group would be able to accomplish 
any of these or other alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all.  In addition, the 
terms of the ASTM Group’s indebtedness, including the terms and conditions of the Notes contain 
provisions that may impair the ability of the ASTM Group to pursue some or all of these alternatives. 
The occurrence of any of the above events could have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and/or could reduce its ability to repay, which 
may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
2.3 
Funding risks 
The ASTM Group may need to refinance, from time to time, its existing debt and may find it difficult 
or costly to refinance indebtedness as it matures, particularly if interest rates are higher when the 
indebtedness is refinanced.  There can be no guarantee that the ASTM Group will be able to obtain 
further financing on acceptable terms or at all, which could adversely affect the implementation of its 
business strategy.  The ASTM Group’s ability to secure financing depends on several factors, many of 
which are beyond its control, including general economic conditions, adverse effects in the debt or 
capital markets, the availability of funds from financial institutions and monetary policy in the markets 
in which it operates.  The availability of financing and the terms thereof will also depend on the ASTM 
Group’s and the lenders’ estimate of the stability of the relevant concessions’ expected cash flows and 
the expected evolution of the value of the concession. 
In addition, the ASTM Group’s ability to borrow from banks and other qualified financial institutions 
and/or in the capital markets to meet its financial requirements is dependent, inter alia, on its 
creditworthiness, the credit rating assigned to the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries (including EcoRodovias) 
or their financial indebtedness and favourable market conditions. 
With particular reference to the credit rating, any downgrade to the credit ratings assigned by the rating 
agencies may have an adverse impact on the ability to raise capital, also through the issuance of debt, 
and increase the cost of such financing.  If sufficient sources of financing are not available in the future, 
the ASTM Group may be unable to meet its funding requirements, which could materially and adversely 
affect its ability to develop its business strategy and to make investments as well as its results of 
operations and financial condition. 
If the ASTM Group is unable to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms or at all, or delays 
are incurred in obtaining financing, this may impair the ASTM Group’s ability to make investments 
and leverage its resources, which may have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s strategy, 
business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
2.4 
Risks related to the Issuer’s dependence on its subsidiaries to cover its expenses 
The Issuer’s business is conducted through its direct and indirect subsidiaries and other non-
consolidated companies in which the Issuer holds, directly or indirectly, equity interests (collectively, 
the “Participated Companies”).  As a holding company, the Issuer’s sources of funds include 
(i) dividends from any Participated Companies and (ii) payment of amounts due under intercompany 
loans granted to its Participated Companies as to principal, interest or otherwise.  As a consequence, 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its debt obligations, including its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
depends on both (a) the cash flows of, and the distribution of funds from, these Participated Companies, 
which may be restricted by, amongst others, the financing agreements entered into by such Participated 
Companies and (b) the ability of these Participated Companies to meet their payment obligations under 
any such intercompany loans.  The cash flows generated by the Participated Companies and the ability 
of these Participated Companies to meet their payment obligations under any intercompany loans 
granted by the Issuer depend, inter alia, on the exploitation of the relevant Motorway Concessions (as 
defined below).  Any reduction or delay in the payment of dividends, and any default or delay in the

--- Page 28 ---
19 
 
payment of any amount due under such intercompany loans, from its Participated Companies could 
have an adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s business and results of operations, financial position and 
cash flows. In the event of insolvency, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or other winding up of 
any subsidiary, all of such subsidiary’s creditors (including trade creditors and preferred stockholders, 
if any) would be entitled to payment in full out of such subsidiary’s assets before the Issuer would be 
entitled to any payment. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s subsidiaries will have no obligation, 
contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes or to make any funds available to pay 
those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other payment.   
2.5 
Interest rate risk  
The ASTM Group is subject to an interest rate risk arising on its financial indebtedness, which varies 
depending on whether such indebtedness is fixed or floating rate.  As at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022, respectively, approximately 39% and 45% of the ASTM Group’s borrowings (already 
taking into account the hedging policies adopted by the ASTM Group) were at floating rates.  Interest 
rates are highly sensitive to many factors out of the ASTM Group’s control, including central banks’ 
policies, international and country specific economic and political conditions, inflationary pressures, 
disruption to financial markets or the availability of bank credit.  Any increases in interest rates by 
central banks, such as the European Central Bank, the Federal Reserve Bank and the Brazilian Central 
Bank, will require the Group to use a greater portion of its revenues to pay interest expenses. Any 
material market changes may materially affect the ASTM Group’s cost of funding and, in turn, reduce 
the ability of the Issuer to repay its outstanding financial indebtedness and to finance operations and 
future business opportunities. 
2.6 
Foreign exchange risk 
The ASTM Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in Euro.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the ASTM Group conducts its business also outside the Eurozone and, therefore, a relevant 
part of the revenues and costs, as well as assets and liabilities, of the ASTM Group’s activities are 
denominated in currencies other than the Euro.  In particular, as at 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021, 42% and 27.2%, respectively, of the ASTM Group’s revenues were in currencies 
other than the Euro, such as Brazilian Reais, U.S. Dollars, Danish Krone and United Arab Emirates 
Dirham. This exposes the ASTM Group to foreign exchange risks deriving from (i) cash flows and 
payments in currencies other than the Euro (the so-called economic foreign exchange risk); (ii) net 
investments in companies which prepare their financial statements in currencies other than the Euro 
(the so-called foreign currency translation risks); and (iii) deposits and/or financing transactions in 
currencies other than the Euro (the so-called foreign currency transaction risks).  Negative changes in 
foreign exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s business, results of 
operations or financial condition. 
With reference to the ASTM Group operations in Brazil, the Brazilian currency presents substantial 
fluctuation in relation to Euro given numerous factors, including without limitation the Brazilian 
economic and market conditions, but also the other countries economic and market conditions, 
especially the United States, the European Union, China and emerging market countries.  The Brazilian 
government has in the past used different exchange rate regimes, including sudden devaluations, 
periodic mini-devaluations (during which the frequency of adjustments has ranged from daily to 
monthly), exchange controls, dual exchange rate markets and a floating exchange rate system.  Since 
1999, Brazil has adopted a floating exchange rate system with interventions by the Brazilian Central 
Bank in buying or selling foreign currency.  From time to time, there have been significant fluctuations 
in the exchange rate between the Reais and Euro and other currencies.     
The Reais may substantially depreciate or appreciate against Euro in the future.  By way of example, 
according to the Bank of Italy, the Reais-Euro exchange rate stood at 6.3101 on 31 December 2021, 
while at 30 December 2022 stood at 5.6386, with a depreciation of 10.6%. Exchange rate instability 
may have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group.  Depreciation of the Reais against the Euro 
and other currencies could create inflationary pressures in Brazil and cause increases in interest rates, 
which could negatively affect the growth of the Brazilian economy as a whole and result in a material 
adverse effect on EcoRodovias and its controlled companies (collectively, the “EcoRodovias Group”).

--- Page 29 ---
20 
 
Depreciation of the Reais would also reduce the Euro value of distributions and dividends from the 
ASTM Group’s operations in Brazil. 
2.7 
Inflation risk 
The increase in the prices of raw materials, oil products and energy commodities led to a general 
increase in the prices of consumer goods with a consequent exacerbation of the inflation risk faced by 
the whole ASTM Group. In addition, the EcoRodovias Group is subject to inflation risk on its financial 
indebtedness. Inflation adjustment mechanisms are highly sensitive to many factors out of the ASTM 
Group’s control, including central banks’ policies, international and country specific economic and 
political conditions, inflationary pressures, disruption to financial markets or the availability of bank 
credit.  Any material market changes may materially affect the ASTM Group’s cost of funding and, in 
turn, reduce the ability of the Issuer to repay its outstanding financial indebtedness and to finance 
operations and future business opportunities. The ASTM Group may not be able to recover cost 
increases due to inflation through a proportional increase in its revenues.  
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
3.1 
Risks related to the highly regulated environment in which the ASTM Group operates in Italy and 
Brazil and any change in law, governmental policy and/or other governmental actions 
The Italian and Brazilian motorway sector is governed by a series of laws, regulations, decrees and 
resolutions, relating to, inter alia, tax laws, road safety legislation and environmental laws and 
regulations.  Furthermore, each of the Motorway Concessions is governed by the specific terms of their 
concession agreements, together with other generally applicable laws, regulations, decrees and 
resolutions (see “Regulatory” below).  Changes in laws and regulations which affect the concessions, 
the tariff formula or activities, including investments, required to be performed under a concession and 
thereby adversely impact the economic or financial position of a concessionaire may give rise to a right 
of the concessionaire to renegotiate the terms of the concession with the grantor in an effort to restore 
the financial balance of the respective concession agreement in existence prior to the relevant changes 
or to withdraw from the concession agreement with compensation (if any) being paid to the relevant 
concessionaire for the works carried out or even reduce the concessionaires’ interest in future tenders.  
Changes in any relevant laws or regulations, including changes that may require the ASTM Group to 
make additional significant capital investments or adverse changes in the regulatory environment, such 
as a reduction of government appropriations, restrictions on operations and on motorway construction 
or other interference from government entities, may have a material adverse effect on the results of 
operations or financial condition of the ASTM Group and no assurance can be given that the ASTM 
Group will be adequately indemnified. 
In particular, the Brazilian concessionaires may also be affected by the federal, state and municipal 
governments’ decisions in relation to the development of the Brazilian infrastructure system, 
particularly regarding the granting of new concessions or the decision not to continue with the highway 
concession programme.  Their operations are also subject to other extensive and complex laws and 
regulations that govern the labour relations, worker’s health and safety, occupational health, 
contracting, waste disposal, environmental protection, transportation of hazardous substances, imports, 
exports, taxes, data protection, anticorruption, money laundering and other matters. 
Furthermore, where required, obtaining of other necessary permits, licenses and governmental 
authorisations, including environmental approvals, may depend on a complex and time-consuming 
process, and there is no guarantee that any of the required permits, permissions, licenses or 
authorisations will be obtained and, when they are obtained, they will be so on acceptable terms or in a 
timely fashion.  The costs and delays associated with obtaining the necessary permits and licenses could 
significantly impact, interrupt, delay or even restrict some of the ASTM Group’s operations.  Any 
failure by the ASTM Group to comply with the applicable laws, regulations, permits, licenses or 
concession agreements can result in damages and the imposition of significant fines, penalties or other 
obligations or in the interruption or termination of certain operations, which may have an adverse effect 
on the ASTM Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 30 ---
21 
 
3.2 
Risks related to tariff adjustments and regulations  
General 
In addition to the volume of traffic on its motorways, the income generated from the ASTM Group’s 
motorways depends on its tariff rates and the tariff structure is usually fixed from the outset under each 
individual concession agreement. The ASTM Group has limited or no ability to independently raise 
tariffs, which represent the source of remuneration and repayment of the investments made by the 
concessionaires in accordance with the concession agreements.  
Tariff adjustments and regulations in Italy 
In Italy, tariff increases are subject to the approval of the MIT, in agreement with the MEF, by means 
of a reasoned decree, and to the formal approval and effectiveness of the economic financial plan.  As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries whose concessions are in a 
prorogatio regime and/or whose economic financial plans have not yet been updated have not benefitted 
of any tariff increases from 2019 to 2022 included (for further information, see “Regulatory” below).  
The Issuer is not in a position to establish if and when the periodic update of such economic financial 
plans could be completed and, even if completed, to which extent future tariffs increases may be 
approved. 
In addition, during the life of a concession, the relevant government authority may also unilaterally 
impose additional restrictions on the tariff rates and refuse to compensate the ASTM Group for any 
losses that might result from such changes to the concession agreement.  Whilst the ASTM Group may 
try to renegotiate the terms of a concession agreement, the ASTM Group cannot guarantee that any such 
negotiation will be successful and can give no assurance that the toll rate the ASTM Group is authorised 
to charge will guarantee an adequate level of profitability. 
The ASTM Group has substantial indebtedness (see “— The ASTM Group is burdened by significant 
indebtedness” above), much of which is related to costs incurred as a result of operating and expansion 
activity. The ASTM Group seeks to cover money spent on its investments principally from its motorway 
receipts.  If the assumptions underlying the ASTM Group’s financial models prove to be incorrect and 
the revenues generated are not sufficient to cover its costs, the ASTM Group may be unable to increase 
tariffs due to inflexible concession terms or reduce its costs to remain profitable, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The rules and mechanisms for the determination of motorway tariffs applicable to the Italian Motorway 
Subsidiaries are discussed under the section headed “Regulatory – Rules, mechanism and procedure for 
the periodical adjustment of the tariffs” below. In particular, according to Transportation Regulatory 
Authority (as defined in “Regulatory”, below) Resolution No. 16/2019, if the efficiency levels 
achievable by the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries are lower than the productivity recovery coefficient 
defined by the Transportation Regulatory Authority, a full recovery of the operating costs actually 
incurred may not be achieved, with a consequent reduction in the profitability levels of the Issuer and 
the ASTM Group. 
Tariff adjustments and regulations in Brazil 
In the context of operation of their motorway and port concessions, EcoRodovias controlled companies 
enter into various concession agreements with the competent Brazilian governmental authorities.  These 
concession agreements are administrative agreements governed by Brazilian law, which provide the 
respective governmental authority with a certain discretionary power to determine the terms and 
conditions applicable to the concessions managed by Brazilian companies.  Tariffs may be adjusted 
from time to time due to inflation and the occurrence of extraordinary and unforeseen events through a 
mechanism provided for in the Brazilian law and concession agreements called “economic and financial 
rebalancing”.  The procedure for restoring economic and financial balance can be time-consuming and 
may not fully cover all extraordinary costs.  Furthermore, demand and traffic are risks generally 
allocated on the concessionaires.  As a result, in case of an eventual decrease in traffic and demand in 
general, concession tariffs may not be adjusted.  Accordingly, Brazilian concessionaires may not be 
able to pass-through all of their increased costs throughout the years.  Furthermore, in case Brazilian

--- Page 31 ---
22 
 
concessionaires have to make additional investments as a result of a measure not provided for in the 
respective agreements, or even as a result of unilateral measures on the part of a governmental authority, 
or due to unilateral measures of a governmental authority resulting from a revision of understandings 
or revision of (audit or other) procedures or revision of regulatory interpretations, in each case 
differently from such companies understanding, as provided for in Brazilian law, the EcoRodovias 
Group financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected if the agreement’s 
economic-financial rebalance is not achieved.  Acts by the governmental authority like these or the 
issuance of even stricter rules may affect the EcoRodovias Group’s ability to meet all the requirements 
demanded by the regulatory processes, which may have an adverse effect on their business and results 
of operations. 
In addition, the EcoRodovias Group’s revenues come to a large extent from the charging of toll fees by 
its controlled companies, and EcoRodovias Group may also be affected by decisions from the federal, 
state and municipal governments with respect to:  (a) promoting the development of alternative and 
possibly competing roads or infrastructure to its subsidiaries concessions; (b) not proceeding with the 
highway concession program, not promoting new bidding processes for highway concessions or 
establishing stricter participation criteria, which could affect its organic growth; (c) establishing stricter 
rules regarding the business of the concessionaires, limiting concessionaires’ capacity to grow or to 
implement their commercial strategy; or (d) not restoring the balance in full in relation to the economic-
financial balance amounts and values claimed by us and by our subsidiaries, with regard to the losses 
resulting from the impact of revisionist measures or from severe pandemics (including Covid-19 or 
potential new waves of contamination), additional waves of contamination or other force majeure events 
or acts of God.  Lastly, the Brazilian government has recently enacted Law No. 14,157/21 establishing 
general guidelines on the collection of tolls under the free passage system.  This model is similar to the 
“free-flow system,” common in European countries, in which toll booths are not in place and vehicles 
are charged exclusively by totems that charge the fare based on tags installed on the vehicles.  In 
addition to regulating the new toll collection system, Brazilian Law No. 14,157/21 also determined, in 
the case of concession contracts in which it is not possible to implement the new toll system, the 
observance of a discount for frequent users, which will be conditioned and limited to the abatement of 
municipal taxes levied on revenue from the management of the highway.   
Law No. 14,157/21 was regulated by CONTRAN Resolution No. 984/2022, which provides for the 
implementation of the free flow system and the technical means to be used to identify vehicles that 
transit through these roads. The concession contracts define, in addition to the way in which the 
mechanism is implemented, the risk sharing and detailing of any rebalancing in case of potential risk 
that such concession contracts suffer economic and financial imbalances, especially due to any increase 
in toll evasion. The risks arising from Law No. 14,157/21 can only be accurately measured by analysing 
the standard in line with each of the concession agreements of EcoRodovias’ subsidiaries in Brazil. The 
new concessions of the Ecorodovias Group are expected to implement a new toll system, which carries 
the risk of increased evasion of paying tolls. While the Law states that such evasion risk should be 
covered by the Granting Authority, it is uncertain at the moment how successfully and efficiently the 
EcoRodovias Group will be able to implement a new toll system. 
Brazilian concessionaries may face negative reactions from their users or communities relating to the 
charging of tariffs and their adjustments, including via protests organized at our facilities or by social 
media on the internet, blocking access for our employees or users to our facilities or highways, requests 
to open toll plaza barriers, including due to force majeure or acts of God, such as the Covid-19 pandemic 
or additional new waves of contamination, always with the aim of putting pressure on the granting 
authorities to reduce or waive the tariffs charged.  The occurrence of these events may affect the granting 
authorities’ decisions with regard to the current toll fees in the concession agreements or the renewal or 
signing of new concession agreements, consequently reducing the EcoRodovias Group’s revenues and 
breaking up the traffic from the motorways, which may have an adverse effect on the results of the 
ASTM Group. 
3.3 
Risks related to legal proceedings  
Companies belonging to the ASTM Group are or may be parties to a number of administrative 
proceedings, tax investigations, criminal proceedings and civil actions. In addition, certain of 
EcoRodovias controlled companies are subject to investigations from Brazilian Federal police and other

--- Page 32 ---
23 
 
oversight governmental authorities (in the Federal, state and local levels).  Some of such investigations 
resulted in further specific legal proceedings which are still pending and others in the execution of 
leniency and non-persecution agreements.  Financial and reputational damages, fines or other penalties, 
the inability to sign new agreements with governmental authorities may result from such pending or 
new investigations and/or proceedings and of the repercussions from the aforesaid events or in case of 
failure to comply with the leniency and non-persecution agreements. For further information on the 
legal proceedings involving the Issuer or the other companies of the ASTM Group, see “Description of 
the Issuer – Legal Proceedings” and in respect of the legal proceedings relating to the new tenders see 
also “Description of the Issuer –  Motorway Sector – International Motorway Activities – Italian 
Motorway Subsidiaries” below. See also (a) the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and, in particular, Note 12 (Provisions for risks 
and charges); (b) the paragraph in the management report relating to the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 headed “Risk factors and 
uncertainties”, each incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; (c) the paragraph in the 
management report relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 headed “Significant operations – Update on concession tenders in Italy”; and 
(d) the paragraph “EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica S.A.” of the section headed “Other 
information” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, with reference to legal proceedings involving the companies belonging to 
the EcoRodovias Group, each incorporated by reference (see “Information incorporated by reference”, 
above). As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, the Issuer had a provision in its consolidated 
financial statements for legal proceedings which it considers to be adequate.  In any case, an 
unfavourable material outcome in one or more proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the 
ASTM Group’s results of operations or financial condition.  
3.4 
Risks related to the extensive environmental regulation to which the ASTM Group’s operations are 
subject 
The ASTM Group’s activities are subject to a broad range of environmental laws and regulations, 
which, among other things, require performance of environmental impact studies for future projects, 
application for, and compliance with, the terms of licenses, permits and other approvals.  Environmental 
risks inherent to the ASTM Group’s activities include those arising from the management of residues, 
effluents, emissions and land on the ASTM Group’s facilities and installations, as well as waste disposal 
and reduction of noise pollution.  These risks are subject to strict national, EU and international laws 
and regulations and regular audits by government authorities. 
Any breaches of environmental legislation could lead to legal proceedings against an ASTM Group 
company, the imposition of criminal and/or civil penalties on those responsible, the payment of charges 
deriving from the fulfilment of obligations provided for by environmental laws and regulations, as well 
as delays in the execution of the works and their entry into operation.  In particular, if environmental 
damage and/or other violations of environmental regulations occur and criminal proceedings are 
instituted, it cannot be excluded that such processes may lead to the seizure of the plants which caused 
the environmental damage or to which the violations of the aforesaid regulations are linked, with a 
consequent interruption of the operation of such plants, which could have a material adverse impact on 
the ASTM Group’s business, financial condition and results of operation.  Furthermore, any of these 
risks may cause potential damage to the ASTM Group’s image and reputation.  In addition, these 
regulations may be subject to significant tightening or other modifications by national, European and 
international laws.  The cost of complying with these regulations could be onerous. 
During the construction of motorway sections, the ASTM Group may encounter unexpected 
environmental issues such as the discovery of contaminated soil not identified by the soil samples, 
analysis and investigations conducted during the planning phase, which may result in the violation of 
environmental laws and regulations.  As a result, the ASTM Group may be required to commence new 
authorisation procedures and may be subject to lengthy legal and administrative proceedings. 
3.5 
The ASTM Group is exposed to risks deriving from not achieving its ESG objectives 
The ASTM Group has identified in its Risk Management model certain risks deriving from climatic 
change. Were the ASTM Group, in particular its operating subsidiaries, not achieve the strategic

--- Page 33 ---
24 
 
objectives of managing the ecological and innovation risks, the economic and financial impacts 
potentially could be material on an operational basis. Further, the lack of achieving the Sustainability- 
Linked objectives delineated in the Sustainability-Linked Bonds correlated to the objectives to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1, 2, and 3) and to increase the service areas equipped with charging 
points for electric vehicles would provoke a step-up in the interest costs of the bonds issued or, as 
applicable, the payment of a premium as well as potentially having a negative effect on the credit ratings 
and reputation of ASTM and the Group. For further information see “The Step Up Notes and the 
Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators 
and a recalculation provision of the relevant baseline” below. 
3.6 
The ASTM Group is exposed to disruptions in its information technology and cyber attacks 
The ASTM Group relies on its information technology and data processing systems to manage its 
business and operations and to carry out services vis-à-vis its clients. The ASTM Group also uses a 
significant number of systems and other technologies supplied by third parties. Such systems are 
susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions due to equipment damage, power outages, and a range of 
other hardware, software and network problems. The ASTM Group is exposed to the risk that functional 
problems in its technological and IT architecture could cause an interruption in its business, as well as 
the risk of unauthorised access to IT systems or the possible success of external cyber-attacks, which 
may result in damage, loss, removal or unlawful disclosure of the data managed by the ASTM Group 
which could expose it to financial penalties and fines and, in turn, may harm its image or reputation vis-
à-vis its customers. 
Although the ASTM Group regularly maintains and updates its IT systems, and within its IT security 
framework it has adopted solutions for information security, any problems associated with inefficient 
maintenance, a failure or delay in updating its IT systems, any unauthorised access to its computer 
systems or a successful external cyber-attack could have a material adverse effect on the ASTM Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
4. 
Internal control risks 
4.1 
Risks related to administrative responsibility pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 
Legislative Decree 231/2001 provides that a company is responsible for certain offences (not only 
crimes) committed by its executives, directors, agents and/or employees in the interest or to the benefit 
of that company.  The list of offences has been steadily increasing along the years and now covers, inter 
alia, health and safety, environment and computer crimes.  Regardless of the nationality or the place 
where it has its registered office, a company may be liable under Legislative Decree 231/2001 if at least 
part of the offence is committed in Italy, or the offence is committed by an individual of Italian 
nationality, provided that the offence is committed in the interest or for the benefit of the company.  To 
mitigate these risks the Issuer implemented a set of rules and procedures aimed at preventing such 
offences (the “Model 231”).  However, the foreign subsidiaries of the ASTM Group have not adopted 
an organisation and management model pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001, as such model may 
not be compatible with the national regulations applicable to such companies and, therefore, the ASTM 
Group may not be able to avoid the responsibility deriving from the activities carried out by such 
subsidiaries.  Irrespective of the implementation of the Model 231, any of such offences may determine 
a severe reputational damage for the ASTM Group with a consequent impact on the ability of the ASTM 
Group to obtain funding and make investments and, in turn, an adverse effect on its business results and 
financial conditions. 
Moreover, the liability of the subsidiaries may be extended to the holding company if (a) the individual 
who committed the crime (i) belongs to both companies or (ii) belongs to the subsidiary and acts jointly 
with an individual of the holding company, and (b) the holding has an interest in or benefits from the 
commission of the offense within the organisation of the subsidiary.

--- Page 34 ---
25 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common 
features (but is not intended to be an exhaustive description): 
1.1 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period.  The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
In addition, with respect to the options under Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(d) (Issuer Maturity Par Call Option), 
Condition 9(e) (Partial Redemption) and Condition 9(f) (Clean-up Call Option), the Issuer’s right to 
redeem at par all or, as the case may be, part of the Notes will exist notwithstanding that immediately 
prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the relevant option the Notes may have been 
trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If the Issuer calls and redeems the Notes in the circumstances mentioned above, the Noteholders may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield.  Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
1.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Unless, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in 
the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of Italy or certain other relevant jurisdictions or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with 
the Conditions.  In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
1.3 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes that bear a fixed rate of interest involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on such Notes, this will adversely affect the value of such 
Notes.  While the nominal interest rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of 
such security or during a certain period of time, market interest rates typically change on a daily basis.  
As market interest rates change, the price of such security changes in the opposite direction.  If market 
interest rates increase, the price of such security typically falls, until the yield of such security is 
approximately equal to the prevailing market interest rate.  Conversely, if market interest rates fall, the 
price of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases, until the yield of such security is 
approximately equal to the prevailing market interest rate.  Investors should be aware that the market 
price of such Notes may fall as a result of movements in market interest rates. 
1.4 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include those features.

--- Page 35 ---
26 
 
1.5 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
1.6 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference 
rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
1.7 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate 
index “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” 
are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  These reforms 
may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include the International Organization of Securities 
Commission (“IOSCO”)’s proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the 
“IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the EU’s Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK BMR”) applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark also in the UK.  
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorized by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognized or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any listed Notes linked 
to a “benchmark” index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any 
applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation.  In such event, 
depending on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could 
be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” related to a series of Notes could be 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR, 
and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the 
“benchmark” or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform), the discontinuing of or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. 
An example of such proposals for benchmark reform was the reform of EURIBOR, to use a hybrid 
methodology and to provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight

--- Page 36 ---
27 
 
risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate).  On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. 
€STR was published by the European Central Bank on 2 October 2019.  In addition, on 
21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback 
provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds).  The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk 
to the euro area financial system. 
The elimination of any “benchmark”, or changes in the manner of administration of any “benchmark”, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of 
any Notes referencing such “benchmark”. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain ‘benchmarks’, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
‘benchmarks’ or lead to the disappearance of certain ‘benchmarks’.  The disappearance of a 
‘benchmark’ or changes in the manner of administration of a ‘benchmark’ could result in adjustment to 
the terms and conditions, early redemption, delisting or other consequence in relation to Notes linked 
to such ‘benchmark’. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes referencing a “benchmark”. 
1.8 
If the relevant Reference Rate is discontinued, the rate of interest of the affected Floating Rate Notes 
will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that 
the consent of such holders be obtained. 
The Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that a published Original 
Reference Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, and that such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an 
Adjustment Spread.  The application of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
or an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.  If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest.  In certain 
circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last used for the relevant Notes or last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and 
Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, 
the Issuer determines that amendments to the Conditions or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks 
or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be 
made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 
6(n). 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, or if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 37 ---
28 
 
the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option 
specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to 
the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the 
relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
1.9 
Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable, the Issuer may issue 
Notes described as “Step Up Notes” and “Premium Payment Notes”.  In such event, (i) the interest rate 
relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain circumstances specified in the 
Conditions or (ii) a premium payment may be payable in connection with the Premium Payment Notes 
in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions, in any case under (i) and (ii) above depending on 
the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, Scope 3 Emissions Condition and ECS Equipped 
Service Areas Condition (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes).  The Notes 
described above are not being marketed as green bonds, social bonds or similar purpose financing 
instrument, since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and 
therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business 
activities meeting environmental, sustainability or social criteria, or be subject to any other limitations 
associated with such instruments. 
Such Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics and the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, 
Scope 3 Emissions and ECS Equipped Service Areas may be inconsistent with investor requirements 
or expectation or other definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions. 
Although the Issuer aims at continually improving its sustainability performance and decreasing 
greenhouse gas emissions in connection with its activities, there can be no assurance of the extent to 
which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these 
targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding 
sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  Adverse environmental or social 
impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes 
in furtherance of this target or such investments may become controversial or criticized by activist 
groups or other stakeholders. 
Furthermore, a basis for the determination of the definitions of “sustainability-linked” has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation on the establishment of the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts; however the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through the formal adoption of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation 
Delegated Acts. It is not known to what extent the investments planned in the Group’s sustainability 
strategy will satisfy those criteria. Pending development of the technical screening criteria for such 
objectives, there is no certainty to what extent the investments planned in the Group’s sustainability 
strategy (also underlying the Notes through their link to certain key performance indicators) including, 
inter alia, the one referred to under the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, will be aligned 
with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation 
Delegated Acts.  
1.10 
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion issued in respect of Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes does not reflect all the features which may be associated with such debt 
securities nor does it discuss all risks related to such notes 
In connection with the issue of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes, the Issuer has obtained the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion confirming the adherence of such Step Up Notes and

--- Page 38 ---
29 
 
Premium Payment Notes with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles administered by ICMA and 
analysing the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, Scope 3 Emissions and ECS Equipped Service 
Areas. 
However, as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes a “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
“sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve 
from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member of the 
Group, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies), any second party 
opinion providers or the Assurance Provider that the Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes 
will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Step Up Notes, the Premium Payment Notes or 
the Group’s targets qualifying as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or that any adverse other 
impacts will not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
Furthermore, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion may not reflect all the features of 
such kind of debt securities nor the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes issued under the Programme.  Furthermore, any such Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Second-party Opinion would only be valid as of the date it is released and the Issuer does not 
assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision of its Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework.  A withdrawal of the Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion may 
affect the value of such Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes and/or may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. 
Moreover, a Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion provider and providers of similar 
opinions, reports and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Dealers or any Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Second-party Opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes.  
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, 
report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification, which is only current 
as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Step Up Notes and the 
Premium Payment Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification or any such 
opinion, report or certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Investors should therefore make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of 
Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, as stated above, any such framework, opinion, report or certification and 
any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
1.11 
The Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability 
key performance indicators and a recalculation provision of the relevant baseline 
The Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes include one or more triggers linked to sustainability 
key performance indicators such as the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and the installation of 
charging points for electric vehicles in the service areas located on the motorway network operated by 
the Group as of 31 December 2021 (see “Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”

--- Page 39 ---
30 
 
above) which must be complied with by the Issuer, and in respect of which a Step Up Option or Premium 
Payment Condition applies, if applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  The failure to meet any of such 
sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased interest amounts or additional 
payments under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of 
operations. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Step Up Event or a Premium Payment Event may occur 
if, amongst other things (i) carbon dioxide emissions do not reduce by at least the relevant Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold on the relevant 
Reference Year(s), as applicable or (ii) the ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage at the end of the 
relevant Reference Year(s) is not equal to, or higher than, the ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage 
Threshold, in each case as better specified therein and in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit the Issuer to redetermine the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Baseline to reflect that (i) any SLB Reporting Significant Subsidiary (i.e. Autostrada dei Fiori S.p.A., 
Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a., SITAF S.p.A., Itinera S.p.A., Itinera Ghantoot JV and Itinera 
Agility JV), which for the year ended 31 December 2021 accounted for 5% or more of the Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Baseline, ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Issuer or that (ii) any such SLB Reporting 
Significant Concession (i.e. the A10 Savona-Ventimiglia, the A12 Sestri Levante-Livorno, Viareggio-
Lucca and Fornola-La Spezia and the A32 Torino-Bardonecchia), which for the year ended 31 
December 2021 accounted for 5% or more of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, ceases to be held 
or operated by the SLB Reporting Group. Accordingly, while any such redetermination must be 
disclosed in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and verified by an independent, qualified 
reviewer, any redetermination will decrease the volume of greenhouse gas used as a baseline and 
therefore may decrease the total volume of reduction of greenhouse gas that needs to be achieved by 
the Group in order to satisfy such conditions and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Premium 
Payment Event. In addition, greenhouse gases emissions generated by any entity that has become or 
will become a Subisidary of the Issuer or by any new concession assigned to any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer on or after 1 January 2022 will not be accounted for in the calculation of the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions and Scope 3 Emissions with effect from the first day of the year in which such event occurs.  
With reference to the ECS Equipped Service Areas Condition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
will include in the ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage only the Service Areas located on the 
motorway network operated pursuant to Concessions held by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as at 31 
December 2021, with the exclusion of (i) Concessions that cease to be held or operated for any reason 
whatsoever by a Subsidiary of the Issuer or (ii) as of the date falling three years before the last day of 
the relevant Reference Year or at any time during the three years period before the last day of the 
relevant Reference Year, Concession whose term has expired but continue to be operated under a 
prorogatio regime (provided further that, for the avoidance of doubt, any new concession assigned to 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer after 31 December 2021 will not be accounted for). 
No Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes, nor will the 
Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Issuer fails to comply with the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Condition and/or the ECS Equipped Service 
Areas Condition as well as with the Reporting Requirements. 
1.12 
Failure to meet the relevant sutainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of 
any Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the 
Group to reputational risks.  
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of any Step Up Note or Premium Payment Notes under the 
Programme, will be to achieve certain sustainability targets set out in the Conditions (the 
“Sustainability Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in 
doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such Sustainability Targets or that 
any future investments it makes in furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact.

--- Page 40 ---
31 
 
In addition, the Issuer may decide to announce different and/or more ambitious sustainability targets 
after the Issue Date of any Series of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes or to apply such different 
and/or more ambitious sustainability targets to other financing instruments. In such circumstances, there 
will be no automatic upgrade of the sustainability targets applicable to the Step Up Notes or Premium 
Payment Notes outstanding at that time or the provision of different targets. However, while the Issuer 
maintains a certain degree of flexibility to amend the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to 
incorporate more ambitious sustainability targets following the Issue Date of each Series of Step Up 
Notes and the Premium Payment Notes (see Conditions 16(d) and 16(e)), the Issuer is under no 
obligation to do so. 
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment 
Notes and the price at which a holder of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes will be able to sell 
such Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, 
from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. See also “Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics” above for a description of the risk that Step Up Notes and Premium 
Payment Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or other standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
Any failure to meet such sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased interest 
amounts or additional payments under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding 
and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial 
condition or its results of operations.  
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Sustainability Targets could also harm the Group’s 
reputation. Furthermore, the Group’s efforts in reaching the Sustainability Targets may become 
controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results 
of operations. 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under any Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes issued 
under the Programme, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet any of the Sustainability Targets, or if it fails to 
comply with the disclosure and reporting obligations under the applicable Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework. 
1.13 
Absence of security or guarantees in favour of the holders of the Notes  
The Notes shall constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which will 
at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable 
law. 
As far as Relevant Indebtedness is concerned, as of the SIAS Merger Effective Date (as defined in 
“Description of the Issuer” below), ASTM assumed, inter alia, the rights and liabilities of SIAS S.p.A. 
(“SIAS”) arising under the “Euro 500,000,000 3.375 per cent. Senior Secured Notes due 13 February 
2024” (ISIN Code: XS1032529205) issued in February 2014 under SIAS’s EMTN programme (the 
“2014 Former SIAS Secured Notes”) and the “Euro 550,000,000 1.625 per cent. Senior Secured Notes 
due 8 February 2028” (ISIN Code: XS1765875718) issued in February 2018 under SIAS’s EMTN 
programme (the “2018 Former SIAS Secured Notes” and together with the 2014 Former SIAS 
Secured Notes, the “Former SIAS Secured Notes”). Unlike the Former SIAS Secured Notes, the 
payment obligations of the Issuer in relation to the Notes issued under the Programme do not have the 
benefit of any security interest including, without limitation, any pledge or other security interests over 
the receivables and monetary claims of the Issuer vis-à-vis its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in the 
Conditions of the Notes) which have received or will receive from time to time intercompany loans 
from the Issuer.  In case of an Event of Default, the holders of the Notes, unlike the holders of the 
Former SIAS Secured Notes, will not have any direct claim against any subsidiaries of the Issuer that 
have received intercompany loans from the Issuer whose proceeds are the object of the above security 
interests. As a consequence, upon occurrence of an Event of Default, the holders of the Former SIAS

--- Page 41 ---
32 
 
Secured Notes will rank in priority over the holders of the Notes in respect of the collateral securing the 
Former SIAS Secured Notes. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
2.1 
The Issuer may amend the terms and conditions of the Notes without the prior consent of all holders 
of such Notes 
The Trust Deed and the Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  Any such amendment to the Notes may 
include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal and 
interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, changing provisions relating 
to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes and changing the amendment provisions.  These and 
other changes may adversely impact Noteholders’ rights and may adversely impact the market value of 
the Note. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed in the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Noteholders’ Representative; Modification and Waiver) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
2.2 
Risks relating to taxation regime 
The tax regime in Italy and in any other relevant jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the 
jurisdiction in which each Noteholder is resident for tax purposes) may be relevant to the acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and the receiving of payments of interest, principal and/or other income 
under the Notes.  For instance, the substitutive tax exemption regime provided by Decree No. 239 
applies if certain procedural requirements are met and there can be no assurance that all non-Italian 
resident investors will be entitled to claim the application of the withholding tax exemption.  Prospective 
investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be 
relevant and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
For further information on the principal Italian tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, see the section entitled “Taxation” below. 
2.3 
Investing in the Notes may negatively impact on the “Aiuto alla Crescita Economica” (ACE) benefit 
available to certain Italian resident noteholders (or Italian permanent establishments of non-resident 
noteholders). 
Effective as of the fiscal year following the fiscal year that was current on 31 December 2015, 
Article 1(550) of Law No.  232 of 11 December 2016 (Finance Act 2017) added paragraph 6-bis to 
Article 1 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted into Law No. 214 of 
22 December 2011.  Under this new rule, the base upon which the “Aiuto alla Crescita Economica” 
benefit set forth in Article 1 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the “ACE Benefit”) is 
computed is reduced by an amount equal to the positive difference (if any) between (i) the aggregate 
book value of securities (titoli e valori mobiliari) other than shares reported in the taxpayer’s financial 
statements for the relevant fiscal year and (ii) the aggregate book value of securities (titoli e valori 
mobiliari) other than shares reported in the taxpayer’s financial statements of the fiscal year that was 
current on 31 December 2010.  The relevant securities (titoli e valori mobiliari) are defined in 
Article 1(1-bis) of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998.  Only Italian resident persons 
carrying on an entrepreneurial activity (and in particular Italian resident corporations) and Italian 
permanent establishments of non-resident persons can enjoy the ACE Benefit.  The new restrictive rule 
enacted by Finance Act 2017 applies only to taxpayers that do not carry out insurance or financial 
activities listed in Section K of the 2007 ATECOFIN Index (except for non-financial holding 
companies).

--- Page 42 ---
33 
 
However, with respect to any increase of the equity as existing at 31 December 2020, taxpayers could 
benefit from an increased notional return equal to 15% pursuant to the so-called Super ACE regime (an 
ad hoc incentive legislation enacted to boost the recovery from economic downturn due to the pandemic 
crisis). 
Because of this new rule, investment in the Notes by Italian resident noteholders (other than financial 
and insurance companies) might reduce the amount of the ACE Benefit that they may be able to enjoy.  
Noteholders are thus urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the implications that holding 
the Notes may have on the ACE Benefit available to them. 
2.4 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes.  Such Global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  While the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer 
will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary 
or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account 
holders.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes.  Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent 
that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
2.5 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and Notes issued under the Programme 
may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange 
or quotation system (each, a “listing”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Such Notes may 
subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no 
assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may 
have a material effect on a Noteholder’s ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
2.6 
Denominations and restrictions on exchange for Definitive Notes 
Notes may in certain circumstances be issued in denominations including (i) a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and (ii) an amount which is greater than €100,000 
(or its equivalent) but which is an integral multiple of a smaller amount (such as €1,000).  Where this 
occurs, Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral 
multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent).  In such a case, a holder who as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination of €100,000 will not receive 
a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to an integral multiple of 
€100,000. 
2.7 
Certain relationships between one of the Dealers and the Calculation Agent may present conflicts of 
interest 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme.  In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out 
of which conflicting interests may arise.  Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking

--- Page 43 ---
34 
 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
3. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk and credit risk: 
3.1 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
3.2 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3.3 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer and/or the Notes.  
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time.  Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to ASTM from 
time to time or to other Notes issued under the Programme.  Notwithstanding the above, any adverse 
change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes issued under 
the Programme.

--- Page 44 ---
35 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections of the documents 
incorporated by reference set out in the table below.  The following documents which have previously been 
published and have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank, shall be deemed to be incorporated 
in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor’s report thereon and notes thereto) 
and the management report of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December  2021 (available at:  
https://www.astm.it/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/ASTM-Bilancio-2021-ENG-WEB_sd.pdf); and 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor’s report thereon and notes thereto) 
and the management report of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December  2022 (available at: 
https://www.astm.it/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/ASTM_SpA-2022_Financial_Statements-1.pdf). 
Cross-reference lists 
The table below shows where the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found 
in the above-mentioned documents. 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Management Reports of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 
 
As at and for the year ended 
31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
Management report ............................................................................................................  
Pages 11-62 
Pages 9-60 
Consolidated balance sheet ................................................................................................  
Page 145 
Page 140 
Consolidated income statement ..........................................................................................  
Page 146 
Page 141 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income .............................................................  
Page 146 
Page 141 
Consolidated cash flow statement ......................................................................................  
Page 147 
Page 142 
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity ....................................................................  
Page 148 
Page 143 
Principles of consolidation, valuation criteria and explanatory notes.................................  
Page 149-247 
Pages 144-246 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Article 154-bis 
Legislative Decree 58/981 ..............................................................................................  
Page 248-249 
Page 247-248 
Independent Auditor’s Report ............................................................................................  
Page 250-256 
Page 249-255 
 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and 
forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference, by 
way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, modifies or supersedes 
such statement. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is current only as at the date of such document, and the 
incorporation by reference herein of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date thereof or that the information contained therein 
is current as at any time subsequent to its date. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus have been filed with Euronext Dublin and may be inspected, free of charge, at the specified offices 
of the relevant Paying Agent (upon reasonable advanced notice and during normal office hours), on the website 
                                                     
(1) 
Pursuant to Article 154-bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, such certification is prepared by the chief 
executive officers and the “executive responsible for the preparation of company accounting documents” to confirm, inter alia:  
(i) that the documents were prepared in compliance with applicable international accounting standards; (ii) the correspondence 
between the documents and related bookkeeping and accounting records; and (iii) the suitability of the documents to truthfully 
and correctly represent the financial position of the issuer and the group of companies included in the scope of consolidation.

--- Page 45 ---
36 
 
of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.astm.it). 
For the avoidance of doubt, as stated above the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion or Assurance Report and any other document or 
certification related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
37 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes.  In relation to the 
different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not 
known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue 
of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  Such information will be contained in the relevant Final 
Terms, unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus.  In the latter case, such information, together with all of the other necessary information 
in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a supplement. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms must be read in conjunction with 
this Base Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
38 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as 
operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  The clearing system will be notified prior to the Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes as to whether 
the Notes are to be issued in NGN form or CGN form. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of 
the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At 
the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
substantially identical successor provision) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or substantially identical successor provision) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive 
form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 48 ---
39 
 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 
(Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 
(Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 49 ---
40 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon 
will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, 
Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, 
exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 50 ---
41 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  The terms and conditions applicable to 
any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
ASTM S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”) for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of non-
convertible notes (the “Notes”) or such other maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding under the Programme as may be increased from time to time, subject 
to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme and applicable laws and 
regulations.  The Notes are issued pursuant to Articles 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time.   
(b) 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a 
final terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”).  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are 
these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency 
between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Trust Deed 
The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a trust deed dated 
12 August 2020, as supplemented, modified or amended and restated from time to time (and as 
most recently amended and restated by a second supplemental trust deed dated 22 June 2023, 
the “Trust Deed”) between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the 
“Trustee”, which expression includes all persons for the time being trustee or trustees 
appointed under the Trust Deed). 
(d) 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement dated 
22 June 2023 (and as further amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent 
(the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression includes any successor principal paying 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes). 
(e) 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(f) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, and are subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the 
“Noteholders”) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” 
and the “Coupons”, respectively) and, where applicable, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
are bound by, have the benefit of and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the

--- Page 51 ---
42 
 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  Copies of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders upon reasonable advanced 
notice and during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.  Such documents may, at the option of 
the relevant Paying Agent, be made available electronically in lieu of physical inspection, 
subject to the relevant Paying Agent receiving such proof of entitlement to inspect such 
documents. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Assets” means, with respect to any entity in any particular period, the total assets as reported 
in, or determined by reference to, that entity’s contribution to the most recently published 
audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and therefore, for the avoidance 
of doubt, without taking into account intra-group transactions. 
“Assurance Provider” means, at any time, either (i) the external auditors of the Issuer from 
time to time appointed by the Issuer to audit the Issuer’s financial statements; or (ii) an 
independent, qualified assurance provider with relevant expertise to be appointed by the Issuer. 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements. 
a “Baseline Redetermination Event” shall have occurred if, as far as the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions is concerned, (i) any SLB Reporting Significant Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer or (ii) any SLB Reporting Significant Concession ceases to be operated by the 
SLB Reporting Group. For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of any Baseline 
Redetermination Event will not result in any adjustment to the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold(s), but may result in the redetermination (also on a pro forma basis) of 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline.  
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different

--- Page 52 ---
43 
 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Concession” means a motorway concession, concession contract or analogous instrument. 
“Consolidated Assets” means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total assets of the 
Group for such date, as reported in the most recently published audited annual consolidated 
financial statements of the Group. 
“Consolidated Costs” means, with respect to any particular period, the consolidated Total 
Costs of the Group for such period, as reported in the most recently published audited annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, with respect to any particular period, the difference between 
the Consolidated Revenues, as integrated by IFRIC 12 (financial asset) components, and the 
Consolidated Costs in respect of that period, as determined by reference to most recently 
published audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
“Consolidated Revenues” means, with respect to any particular period, the consolidated Total 
Revenues of the Group for such period, as reported in the most recently published audited 
annual consolidated financial statements of the Group.

--- Page 53 ---
44 
 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note. 
“Cumulative Premium Payment Event” means the occurrence of all or a combination of (i) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event and/or (ii) Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or (iii) ECS Equipped 
Service Areas Event, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, 
as so specified as being the Cumulative Premium Payment Event. 
“Cumulative Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Cumulative Premium Payment Amount. 
“Cumulative Step Up Event” means the occurrence of all or a combination of (i) Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Event and/or (ii) Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or (iii) ECS Equipped Service 
Areas Event, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, as so 
specified as being the Cumulative Step Up Event in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Cumulative Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Cumulative Step Up Margin. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ⌊360 x (𝑌2 − 𝑌1⌋+ ⌊30 x (𝑀2 − 𝑀1⌋+ (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360

--- Page 54 ---
45 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ⌊360 x (𝑌2 − 𝑌1⌋+ ⌊30 x (𝑀2 − 𝑀1⌋+ (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ⌊360 x (𝑌2 − 𝑌1⌋+ ⌊30 x (𝑀2 − 𝑀1⌋+ (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 55 ---
46 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“EBITDA” means, with respect to any entity in any particular period, the positive difference 
between the Total Revenues, as integrated by IFRIC 12 (financial asset) components, and Total 
Costs in respect of that period, as reported in, or determined by reference to that entity’s 
contribution to, the most recently published audited annual consolidated financial statements 
of the Group and therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, without taking into account intra-group 
transactions. 
“ECS Equipped Service Areas” means the Service Areas equipped with charging points for 
electric vehicles. 
“ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the 
ratio of (i) the number of ECS Equipped Service Areas and (ii) the number of Service Areas, in 
each case as of the last day of the relevant Observation Period, as calculated in good faith by 
the Issuer, confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB 
Progress Report; 
“ECS Equipped Service Areas Condition” means the condition that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than each 
Notification Deadline; and 
(ii) 
the ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for 
any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or 
greater than the ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage Threshold in respect of such 
Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) above are not met in any Reporting Year 
or Reference Year (by the relevant Notification Deadline), the Issuer shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the ECS Equipped Service Areas Condition. 
“ECS Equipped Service Areas Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the ECS Equipped 
Service Areas Condition. 
“ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the ECS Equipped Service Areas 
Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s). 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Trust Deed. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
47 
 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
“Floating Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes or Premium 
Payment Notes, as applicable). 
“GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards” means the document titled “GRI 305:  Emissions 
2016” published by the Global Reporting Initiative (as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, as 
applicable). 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes or Premium 
Payment Notes, as applicable). 
“GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards” means the document titled “GRI 305:  Emissions 
2016” published by the Global Reporting Initiative (as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, as 
applicable). 
“Group” means ASTM S.p.A. and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
“Historical Consolidated Revenues” means, with respect to a Material Concession Event, the 
consolidated total revenues of the Group as reported in the latest audited annual consolidated 
financial statements of the Group published prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Series of 
Notes. 
“Indebtedness” means any financial indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised. 
“Initial Margin” means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Initial Meeting” has the meaning ascribed to it in Schedule 2 of the Trust Deed. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or

--- Page 57 ---
48 
 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date. 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as 
at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(“ISDA”)), or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by 
ISDA (or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series,. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Limited Recourse Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness incurred by one or more members 
of the Group to finance or refinance a Limited Recourse Transaction in respect of which the 
claims of the relevant creditor(s) are limited to (i) the assets of such Limited Recourse 
Transaction and the cash flows generated by or through it, and/or (ii) an amount equal to the 
proceeds deriving from the enforcement of any Security Interest taken over all or any part of 
the Limited Recourse Transaction to secure such Indebtedness  (for the a voidance of doubt, 
including, without limitation, any such Security Interest taken over the equity capital of the 
Person carrying out the Limited Recourse Transaction), and/or (iii) other credit support (such 
as, inter alia, completion guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily provided 
in support of such Indebtedness.   
“Limited Recourse Transaction” means any transaction carried out by a Person relating to 
the ownership, award, acquisition, development, design, restructuring, leasing, maintenance, 
management and/or operation (in each case, in whole or in part) of any asset or assets 
(including, without limitation, Concessions) whereby any member of the Group (whether alone 
or together with other partners) has, directly or indirectly, an interest in the relevant Person. 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Issuer which accounts for 15 per cent. or 
more of the Consolidated Assets or Consolidated EBITDA, where in the relevant calculation 
(a) the numerator shall be determined by multiplying the Assets owned or EBITDA generated 
by such member of the Group by the Issuer’s direct or indirect ownership percentage of such 
company and (b) the denominator shall be the relevant Consolidated Assets or Consolidated 
EBITDA, as the case may be, provided that in no circumstances shall a member of the Group 
which has not incurred any Indebtedness other than Limited Recourse Indebtedness qualify as 
a Material Subsidiary.  
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Notification Deadline” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
49 
 
“Observation Period” means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous calendar year and 
ending on 31 December in the previous calendar year.  
“Option Exercise Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“Permitted Encumbrances” means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest created by EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica S.A. and/or its, 
direct or indirect, subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee of 
Relevant Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest in existence on the relevant Issue Date of each Series of Notes; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest securing any Limited Recourse Indebtedness which falls within 
the definition of Relevant Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created by a company which becomes a Material Subsidiary or 
any Security Interest over the shares / quotas of a company which becomes a Material 
Subsidiary after the date of the relevant Final Terms and where such Security Interest 
already exists at the time that company becomes a Material Subsidiary, provided that 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of that company becoming a 
Material Subsidiary, and the aggregate principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness 
secured at the time of that company becoming a Material Subsidiary is not subsequently 
increased;

--- Page 59 ---
50 
 
(v) 
any Security Interest created in substitution of any security permitted under 
paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, provided that the principal amount secured by the 
substitute Security Interest does not exceed the principal amount secured by the initial 
Security Interest; and 
(vi) 
any Security Interest other than those permitted under paragraphs (i) to (v) above, 
directly or indirectly, securing Relevant Indebtedness, where the principal amount of 
such Relevant Indebtedness (taken on the date such Relevant Indebtedness is incurred) 
which is secured or is otherwise, directly or indirectly, preferred to other general 
unsecured financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, as the case 
may be, does not exceed in aggregate 10 per cent. of the higher of Consolidated Assets 
and Consolidated Revenues. 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means: 
(i) 
in the case of the Issuer, any reorganisation, amalgamation, consolidation, merger, 
demerger, contribution in kind, sale, assignment, disposal or restructuring whilst 
solvent involving the Issuer whereby all or Substantially All of its assets and 
undertaking are maintained or (as the case may be) transferred, sold, contributed, 
assigned or otherwise vested in a body corporate in good standing and such body 
corporate (a) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) all rights and obligations in 
respect of the Notes; and (b) (i) continues to carry on, directly or indirectly, all or 
Substantially All of the business of owning and operating infrastructure assets or 
businesses related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereof (such as, inter 
alia, the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) and technology businesses) 
and/or (ii) benefits from a senior long term debt rating from at least two Rating 
Agencies which is equal to or higher than the senior long term debt rating of the Notes 
immediately prior to the Permitted Reorganisation; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Material Subsidiary, 
(A) 
any reorganisation, amalgamation, merger, demerger, consolidation, 
contribution in kind or restructuring whilst solvent of the relevant Material 
Subsidiary whereby all or Substantially All of its assets and undertaking are 
transferred, sold, contributed, assigned or otherwise vested in the Issuer or any 
other Material Subsidiary or any of their Subsidiaries; or 
(B) 
a sale, demerger, contribution or other disposal of all or Substantially All of 
the relevant Material Subsidiary’s assets whilst solvent to any Person on 
commercial arm’s length terms. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
“Premium Payment Amount” means the amount per Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Premium Payment Amount or, in respect of any Premium 
Payment Event comprising a Cumulative Premium Payment Event, the Cumulative Premium 
Payment Amount, each such amount being the “relevant Premium Payment Amount”. 
“Premium Payment Payment Date” means the date of payment of the Premium Payment 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Premium Payment Notes” means Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Premium Payment Option referred to therein is applicable. 
“Premium Payment Event” means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Event and/or Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or ECS Equipped Service Areas Event 
and/or a Cumulative Premium Payment Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, 
each such event, a “relevant Premium Payment Event”.

--- Page 60 ---
51 
 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means each entity registered in the European Union belonging to Standard 
& Poor’s group, Moody’s group and Fitch group and/or their respective successors or affiliates 
and/or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time 
by the Issuer which has a current rating of the Notes at any relevant time. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put). 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Year(s)” means the Reporting Year(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Reference Year(s). 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
52 
 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by 
any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, 
or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reporting Requirements” means in respect of each Observation Period for any Reporting 
Year, the requirement that the Issuer publishes on its website: 
(i) 
(A) the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Amount and Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage for the relevant Observation Period; 
(B) the then current Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Amount and 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage for the relevant Observation Period; (C) the then current 
ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage for the relevant Observation Period, as well 
as in the case of each of (A), (B) and (C) above, the relevant calculation methodology, 
within a document discussing its sustainability-linked bond progress report, which may 
be included in the non-financial statements of the Issuer (the “SLB Progress Report”); 
and 
(ii) 
an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (the “Assurance Report”) in 
respect of the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage, Scope 3 Emissions Amount, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage and ECS 
Equipped Service Areas Percentage specified in the SLB Progress Report, provided 
that, in the event a Baseline Redetermination Event occurs during the relevant 
Observation Period and the Issuer, acting in good faith, redetermines (also on a pro 
forma basis) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, such Assurance Report shall also 
confirm the redetermination of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline. 
In order to comply with the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition and/or the ECS Equipped Service Areas Condition, the SLB Progress Report and the 
Assurance Report will be published no later than the Notification Deadline in relation to the 
relevant Observation Period. 
“Reporting Year” means, for any Series of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, each 
calendar year, commencing with the calendar year in which such Notes are issued. 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Trust Deed. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions” means, collectively: 
(i) 
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned, controlled or operated by the 
SLB Reporting Group, as such emissions in this item (i) are defined by the GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards and the GHG Protocol Standard (the “Scope 1 
Emissions”); and 
(ii) 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of electricity, energy, heating, 
cooling and steam purchased or acquired by the SLB Reporting Group calculated using 
the market-based method, as such emissions in this item (ii) are defined by the GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards and the GHG Protocol Standard (the “Scope 2 
Emissions”);

--- Page 62 ---
53 
 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount” means, in tCO2e, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions calculated in 
good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Observation Period, confirmed by the Assurance 
Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline” means 145,439 tCO2e, being the sum of Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2020 and ending on 31 December 2020 
determined on the basis of the tCO2e impact of the SLB Reporting Group during such 
1 January 2020 – 31 December 2020 reference period, provided that the Issuer may, acting in 
good faith, redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline to 
reflect the occurrence of a Baseline Redetermination Event and such redetermination will be 
effective if (i)  all relevant details of the events requiring the redetermination and the quantum 
of such redetermination are published by the Issuer in the latest SLB Progress Report and (ii) 
the redetermination is confirmed by the Assurance Provider in the relevant Assurance Report. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition” means the condition that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than each 
Notification Deadline; and 
(ii) 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater 
than the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference 
Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) above are not met in any Reporting Year 
or Reference Year (by the relevant Notification Deadline), the Issuer shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Condition. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emission Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the 
percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount for such Observation Period are reduced in comparison to 
the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, 
confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress 
Report. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s). 
“Scope 3 Emissions” means indirect greenhouse gas emissions related to the purchase of goods 
and services by the SLB Reporting Group, as such emissions are defined by the GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards and the GHG Protocol Standard.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Scope 3 Emissions do not include any other item (other than the purchase of goods 
and services) specified for the calculation of scope 3 emissions in the GRI Sustainability 
Reporting Standards and GHG Protocol Standard. 
“Scope 3 Emissions Amount” means in tCO2e the Scope 3 Emissions as calculated in good 
faith by the Issuer in respect of each Observation Period, confirmed by the Assurance Provider 
and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report. 
“Scope 3 Emissions Baseline” means 2,260,666 tCO2e, corresponding to the Scope 3 
Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 December 2021 
determined on the basis of the tCO2e impact from purchased goods and services of the SLB 
Reporting Group during such 1 January 2021 – 31 December 2021 reference period.

--- Page 63 ---
54 
 
“Scope 3 Emissions Condition” means the condition that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than each 
Notification Deadline; and 
(ii) 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater 
than the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met in any Reporting Year or 
Reference Year (by the relevant Notification Deadline), the Issuer shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Scope 3 Emissions Condition. 
“Scope 3 Emissions Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition. 
“Scope 3 Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the percentage 
(rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 3 
Emissions Amount for such Observation Period are reduced in comparison to the Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the Assurance 
Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report. 
“Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s). 
“Service Areas” means the service areas located on the motorway network operated pursuant 
to the Service Areas Reporting Concessions. 
“Service Areas Reporting Concessions” means the Concessions operated by the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries as at 31 December 2021, provided that any of such Concessions shall cease to 
be a Service Areas Reporting Concession if (i) it ceases to be operated for any reason 
whatsoever by a Subsidiary of the Issuer or (ii) as of the date falling three years before the last 
day of the relevant Reference Year or at any time during the three years period before the last 
day of the relevant Reference Year, its term has expired but continues to be operated by a 
Service Areas Reporting Concession under a prorogatio regime (provided further that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any new concession assigned to any Subsidiary after 31 December 2021 
will not be accounted for).  
“SLB Progress Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements. 
“SLB Reporting Concession” means any of the Concessions relating to the motorways 
operated by the SLB Reporting Group. 
“SLB Reporting Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries included in the scope of 
consolidation of the financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2021 and, therefore, 
for the avoidance of doubt, (i) any entity that has become or will become a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer on or after 1 January 2022 shall not be included in the SLB Reporting Group; (ii) with 
effect from the first day of the year in which such event occurs, any entity that ceases to be a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer shall be excluded from the SLB Reporting Group and (iii) any new 
concession assigned to any Subsidiary after 31 December 2021 will not be accounted for. 
“SLB Reporting Significant Concession” means any of: (i) A10 Savona-Ventimiglia, (ii) A12 
Sestri Levante-Livorno, Viareggio-Lucca and Fornola-La Spezia and (iii) A32 Torino-
Bardonecchia. 
“SLB Reporting Significant Subsidiary” means any of: (i) Autostrada dei Fiori S.p.A., (ii) 
Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.A., (iii) SITAF S.p.A., (iv) Itinera S.p.A., (v) Itinera 
Ghantoot JV and (vi) Itinera Agility JV. 
“Second Meeting” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Trust Deed.

--- Page 64 ---
55 
 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any 
applicable jurisdiction. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, provided that 
no Notes having a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) may be issued under the Programme. 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Step Up Date” means, following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the first day of the next 
following Interest Period. 
“Step Up Event” means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event 
and/or a Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or ECS Equipped Service Areas Event and/or a 
Cumulative Step Up Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, each such event, a 
“relevant Step Up Event”. 
“Step Up Margin(s)” means the amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Step Up Margin(s) or, in respect of any Step Up Event comprising a Cumulative Step Up Event, 
the Cumulative Step Up Margin, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, 
each such margin, a “relevant Step Up Margin”. 
“Step Up Notes” means Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Step Up Option referred to therein is applicable. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, directly 
or indirectly, whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or 
remove the majority of the members of the governing body of the second Person or 
otherwise pursuant to Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code; and 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method 
(metodo integrale) with those of the first Person. 
“Substantially All” means a part of the whole which accounts for 80% or more. 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro. 
“tCO2e” means tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent. 
“Total Costs” means, in respect of any entity in any particular period, the algebraic sum of the 
following items: 
(i) 
personnel costs; 
(ii) 
costs for services; 
(iii) 
costs for raw materials; 
(iv) 
other operating costs; minus

--- Page 65 ---
56 
 
(v) 
capitalised costs on fixed assets, 
in each case as reported in, or calculated by reference to that entity’s contribution to, the most 
recently published annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and therefore, 
for the avoidance of doubt, without taking into account intra-group transactions. 
“Total Revenues” means, with respect to any entity in any particular period, the aggregate 
amount of the total revenues of such entity (excluding non recurring items (componenti non 
ricorrenti) and the extraordinary non operative items (componenti straordinarie non 
caratteristiche)), as set out in the profit and loss account (conto economico) as reported in, or 
calculated by reference to that entity’s contribution to, the most recently published annual 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and therefore, for the avoidance of 
doubt, without taking into account intra-group transactions. 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended. 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the relevant Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference to the Issuer shall be read and construed as a reference to ASTM S.p.A. 
or any successors resulting from a Permitted Reorganisation. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for 
Notes of another Specified Denomination.  Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery.  
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or

--- Page 66 ---
57 
 
any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and 
no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder.  No person shall have any right to enforce any term 
or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status and Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute unsecured, direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions 
of applicable law. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and shall procure that none of the 
Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than Permitted 
Encumbrances) upon the whole or any part of their respective present or future undertakings, 
assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee 
of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) providing such other 
security for the Notes as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider to be not materially 
less beneficial to the interests of the holders of the Notes or as may be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders.   
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments).  Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the relevant Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after 
as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 67 ---
58 
 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments).  Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the relevant Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after 
as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject 
as provided in Condition 6(m) below: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of 
(ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide to the Calculation Agent a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; 
and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in

--- Page 68 ---
59 
 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” 
in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that such Reset Date shall not be less than five business 
days prior to the Interest Payment Date unless expressly agreed with the Calculation 
Agent (or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest). 
In connection with any Compounding/Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA definitions to: 
- “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
- “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
- “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
- “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
If the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
- “Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
- if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option 
is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix 
of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication–Alternative Rate” shall be 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
 (e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 69 ---
60 
 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines 
appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Compounding 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(I) Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; (II) Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift is specified as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or (III) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Averaging 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: (I) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as 
specified in relevant Final Terms; (II) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or (III) Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, (y) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Index Provisions 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
shall be applicable and, (I) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(II) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified.  Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, “Minimum Rate of Interest” shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by

--- Page 70 ---
61 
 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
 
(k) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications Etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 6, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Reference Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Reference Rate, and in each case an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any 
such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than 
ten Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest 
Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(m) 
during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine an Alternative 
Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the “Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(m) during any other

--- Page 71 ---
62 
 
future Interest Period(s)).  Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes 
of determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the 
Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as 
any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 6(m): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6(m)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 6(m)); or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 6(m)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(I) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Reference 
Banks, Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page (all as defined 
in the Final Terms) applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes 
if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available; and 
(II) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure 
the proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate 
of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
6(m); and 
(iv) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date 
thereof) pursuant to Condition 6(m)(iii)(C) to the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 72 ---
63 
 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as 
described in this Condition 6(m) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 
6(m)(iii)(C), including any changes to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 6(m) prior to the 
relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next 
Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of 
Condition 6(c). 
(v) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(m): 
(A) 
if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or 
more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation 
under this Condition 6(m), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt.  If the Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so; 
and 
(B) 
none of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent shall 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any amendments which, in 
the sole opinion of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying 
Agent would have the effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against 
which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights 
or protections, of the Note Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Principal 
Paying Agent in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and/or these 
Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(m): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market

--- Page 73 ---
64 
 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration 
to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market or the methodology to calculate the Original Reference Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable) for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (v) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on: 
(1) 
in the case of (ii) above, the date of cessation of publication of the Original Reference 
Rate; 
(2) 
in the case of (iii) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; 
(3) 
in the case of (v), the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited from use, 
and further provided that a change of the Original Reference Rate methodology that is not 
material does not constitute a Benchmark Event. In the event of a change in the formula and/or 
(mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Original Reference Rate, reference 
shall be made to the Original Reference Rate based on the formula and/or methodology as 
changed. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 6(m).

--- Page 74 ---
65 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the relevant Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, such Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Step Up Option and Premium Payment 
(a) 
Step Up Option 
(i) 
Application 
This Condition 8(a) (Step Up Option) applies to Step Up Notes. 
(ii) 
Step Up 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or calculated or 
determined in the manner specified in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Notes Provisions) in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes or Condition 6 (Floating Rate Notes Provisions) in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes, as applicable, and in each case in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up 
Event has occurred, then for the calculation of the Interest Amount with respect to any Interest 
Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or 
the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the relevant Step 
Up Margin (such increase, a “Step Up”).  
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up Events, or a Cumulative 
Step Up Event, shall apply in respect of each Series of Step Up Notes and the relevant Step Up 
Margin in respect of each such event.

--- Page 75 ---
66 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that one or more than one Step Up Event is applicable 
(and specifies that a Cumulative Step Up Event is not applicable), upon the occurrence of any 
Step Up Event so specified, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Initial 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin 
for such Step Up Event from the Step Up Date. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Cumulative Step Up Event is applicable, upon the 
occurrence of any Cumulative Step Up Event the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the 
Cumulative Step Up Margin from the Step Up Date.  
(iii) 
Publication 
If a Step Up Event occurs, the Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the related 
increase in the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Initial Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) and the relevant Step Up Date to be notified to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the relevant Step 
Up Date.  Such notice shall be irrevocable.  Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged 
to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred or have any liability in respect 
thereof and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 8(a) (Step Up Option) without further enquiry or liability.  
(b) 
Premium Payment 
(i) 
Application 
This Condition 8(b) (Premium Payment) applies to Premium Payment Notes. 
(ii) 
Premium Payment Condition 
If a Premium Payment Event has occurred, the Issuer shall – without prejudice to any other 
amount payable, if any, on such Premium Payment Date pursuant to these Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms – pay in respect of the relevant Premium Payment Notes an amount 
equal to the relevant Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date. 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Premium Payment Events or a 
Cumulative Premium Payment Event shall apply in respect of each Series of Premium Payment 
Notes and the relevant Premium Payment Amount in respect of each such event. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that more than one or more Premium Payment Event is 
applicable and specifies that a Cumulative Premium Payment Event is not applicable, upon the 
occurrence of any Premium Payment Event so specified, the Issuer shall – without prejudice to 
any other amount payable, if any, on such Premium Payment Date pursuant to these Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms – pay in respect of the relevant Premium Payment Notes an 
amount equal to the Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Cumulative Premium Payment Event is applicable, 
upon the occurrence of any Premium Payment Events comprised in the Cumulative Premium 
Payment Event the Issuer shall – without prejudice to any other amount payable, if any, on such 
Premium Payment Date pursuant to these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms – pay in 
respect of the relevant Premium Payment Notes an amount equal to the Cumulative Premium 
Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date 
(iii) 
Publication 
If a Premium Payment Event occurs, the Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Premium Payment 
Event to be notified to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence 
and in no event later than the relevant Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the Premium Payment Amount. Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be

--- Page 76 ---
67 
 
obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Premium Payment Event has occurred or have 
any liability in respect thereof and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice 
given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8(b) (Premium Payment) without further 
enquiry or liability.  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption, if immediately before giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies 
the Trustee that: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of (i) Italy or (ii) the jurisdiction of 
residence and/or incorporation of the Issuer, any successor to the Issuer 
following a Permitted Reorganisation, or, in each case, any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes (or the date that any successor to the Issuer following a Permitted 
Reorganisation assumes the obligations of the Issuer hereunder); and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; 
or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately 
before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee (A) a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories or two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal

--- Page 77 ---
68 
 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment.  Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 9(b). 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept (without incurring any liability for such 
acceptance) such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the circumstances set out above, in which event they shall be 
conclusive and binding on the holders of the Notes. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case 
may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(c) only, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will either 
be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be an amount 
which is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to the Maturity 
Date (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call 
Period Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as 
defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
provided that, in respect of a redemption of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, as the 
case may be, and the calculation of the sum of the then current values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date), the Rate of Interest, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Step Up Notes, or the Margin, in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes which are Step Up Notes, or the Final Redemption Amount in the case of Premium 
Payment Notes shall be deemed to have increased by the relevant Step Up Margin or Premium 
Payment Amount, as the case may be, (in each case, from the date that would have been the 
Step Up Date or the Premium Payment Date, as the case may be, had a redemption of the Notes 
not occurred) unless the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition 
and/or the ECS Equipped Service Areas Condition, as applicable, have been satisfied prior to 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders of a redemption in accordance with 
this Condition 9(c). 
As used in this Condition 9(c): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 78 ---
69 
 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar 
security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m.  London time on 
the third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) quoted in 
writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers. 
(d) 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
If the Issuer Maturity par Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, at any time during the Par Call Period commencing on the 
Par Call Period Commencement Date, at its option (“Issuer Maturity par Call Option”), but 
subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued 
and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption. 
As used in this Condition 9(d): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed 
shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal Paying Agent approves 
and in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance 
with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be 
redeemed.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-
Up Call Option”) but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes.  
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their principal amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the Occurrence of a Material Concession Put 
Event 
If the Material Concession Event Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and at any time while any of the Notes remain outstanding, (i) a Material Concession 
Event occurs and (ii) within the Material Concession Event Period a Rating Downgrade in 
respect of such Material Concession Event occurs (a “Material Concession Put Event”), then 
each holder of a relevant Series of Notes will have the option (the “Material Concession Event 
Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Material Concession Event Put Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of its intention to redeem the Notes

--- Page 79 ---
70 
 
pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as applicable) Conditions 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 9(d) (Issuer 
Maturity Par Call Option) or 9(f) (Clean-Up Call Option)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, 
at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of that Note on the Material Concession Event 
Put Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together with accrued and unpaid interest 
to but excluding the Material Concession Event Put Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Material Concession Put Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a “Material Concession Event Put Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) specifying the 
nature of the Material Concession Event, the circumstances giving rise to it, the Series of Notes 
affected by the Material Concession Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Material 
Concession Event Put Option. 
In order to exercise the Material Concession Event Put Option, the Noteholder must deliver 
such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent, on any day which is a day on which 
banks are open for business in London and in the place of the specified office falling within the 
period of 45 days after the date on which a Material Concession Event Put Notice is given (the 
“Material Concession Event Put Period”), accompanied by a duly signed and completed 
exercise notice in the form available from each office of the Paying Agents (the “Material 
Concession Put Event Exercise Notice”).  The Note must be delivered to the Paying Agent 
together with all Coupons, if any, appertaining thereto maturing after the date being the seventh 
day after the date of expiry of the Material Concession Event Put Period (the “Material 
Concession Event Put Date”), failing which deduction in respect of such missing unmatured 
Coupons shall be made in accordance with Condition 10(e) (Deductions for unmatured 
Coupons).  The Paying Agent to which such Note and the Material Concession Put Event 
Exercise Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt 
(a “Material Concession Event Put Option Receipt”) in respect of the Notes so delivered.  
Payment by the Issuer in respect of any Note so delivered shall be made, if the holder has duly 
specified in the Material Concession Put Event Exercise Notice a bank account to which 
payment is to be made, by transfer to that bank account on the Material Concession Event Put 
Date, and in every other case, on or after the Material Concession Event Put Date against 
presentation and surrender of such Material Concession Event Put Option Receipt at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent.  A Material Concession Put Event Exercise Notice, once 
given, shall be irrevocable. 
For the purposes of these Conditions and the Trust Deed, Material Concession Event Put Option 
Receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 9(g) shall be treated as if they were Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(g): 
A “Concession Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Concession relating to 
an Italian toll road motorway if: 
(i) 
such Concession is revoked for public interest reasons (revoca per ragioni di interesse 
pubblico) pursuant to Italian law and the revocation becomes effective; 
(ii) 
such Concession is terminated (cessazione del rapporto concessorio per risoluzione 
della convenzione) pursuant to Italian law and such termination becomes effective; or 
(iii) 
such Concession is withdrawn (decadenza dalla concessione) pursuant to Italian law 
and the withdrawal becomes effective, 
provided that, the expiry of a Concession at its originally stated termination date shall not 
qualify as a Concession Event. 
“Formal Material Concession Event Announcement” means the first of any formal public 
announcements by the Issuer of the occurrence of the Material Concession Event. 
A “Material Concession Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time following 
the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, one or more Concession Events occurs with the

--- Page 80 ---
71 
 
result that there is a reduction in the quantum of business carried on by the Issuer in relation to 
the owning and operating of Italian toll roads such that the reduction in revenues is, or could 
reasonably be expected to be, more than 30% compared to whichever is the higher of the 
Consolidated Revenues and the Historical Consolidated Revenues. 
“Material Concession Event Period” means the period commencing on the date of the Formal 
Material Concession Event Announcement and ending 90 days thereafter, or such longer period 
for which the relevant Notes are under consideration by the relevant Rating Agency or Agencies 
for rating review (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 
90 days after the Formal Material Concession Event Announcement), provided that in no 
circumstances shall the Material Concession Event Period exceed 120 days after the Formal 
Material Concession Event Announcement. 
a “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Material Concession 
Event if within the Material Concession Event Period the rating at that time assigned to the 
relevant Series of Notes by the Rating Agency (where at the relevant time the Notes are rated 
by one Rating Agency), or any two Rating Agencies (where at the relevant time the Notes are 
rated by two or more Rating Agencies) is: 
(i) 
withdrawn; or 
(ii) 
changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents 
for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their 
respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) and is not (in the case of a 
downgrade) subsequently upgraded to an investment grade rating within such Material 
Concession Event Period by such Rating Agency or Agencies; or 
(iii) 
if the rating previously assigned to any of the Notes by the Rating Agency (where at 
the relevant time the Notes are rated by one Rating Agency) or any two Rating 
Agencies (where at the relevant time the Notes are rated by two or more Rating 
Agencies) was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered at least 
one full rating notch (for example, from BB+/Ba1 to BB/Ba2 or their respective 
equivalents) and is not subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better within 
such Material Concession Event Period by such Rating Agency or Agencies, 
and, in each case, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the 
Issuer that the withdrawal or downgrading resulted from the occurrence of a Material 
Concession Event. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders on the occurrence of a Relevant Event:   
If the Relevant Event Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and at any 
time while any of the Notes remain outstanding, (i) a Change of Control occurs and (ii) within the 
Relevant Event Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of such Change of Control occurs (a “Relevant 
Event”), then each holder of a relevant Series of Notes will have the option (the “Relevant Event Put 
Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Relevant Event Put Notice (as defined below), the Issuer 
gives not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) of its intention to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons) or (if specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) Conditions 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), 9(d) (Issuer Maturity Par Call Option) or 9(f) (Clean-Up Call Option)) to 
require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of that Note on the 
Relevant Event Put Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together with accrued and unpaid 
interest to but excluding the Relevant Event Put Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Relevant Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Relevant Event Put Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) specifying the nature of the Relevant Event and the related Change 
of Control, the circumstances giving rise to it, the Series of Notes affected by the Relevant Event and

--- Page 81 ---
72 
 
the procedure for exercising the Relevant Event Put Option.     
In order to exercise the Relevant Event Put Option, the Noteholder must deliver such Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent, on any day which is a day on which banks are open for business 
in London and in the place of the specified office falling within the period of 45 days after the date on 
which a Relevant Event Put Notice is given (the “Relevant Event Put Period”), accompanied by a 
duly signed and completed exercise notice in the form available from each office of the Paying Agents 
(the “Relevant Event Exercise Notice”). The Note must be delivered to the Paying Agent together 
with all Coupons, if any, appertaining thereto maturing after the date being the seventh day after the 
date of expiry of the Relevant Event Put Period (the “Relevant Event Put Date”), failing which 
deduction in respect of such missing unmatured Coupons shall be made in accordance with Condition 
10(e) (Deductions for unmatured Coupons). The Paying Agent to which such Note and Relevant Event 
Exercise Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a 
“Relevant Event Put Option Receipt”) in respect of the Notes so delivered. Payment by the Issuer in 
respect of any Note so delivered shall be made, if the holder has duly specified in the Relevant Event 
Exercise Notice a bank account to which payment is to be made, by transfer to that bank account on the 
Relevant Event Put Date, and in every other case, on or after the Relevant Event Put Date against 
presentation and surrender of such Relevant Event Put Option Receipt at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent. A Relevant Event Exercise Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable.    
For the purposes of these Conditions and the Trust Deed, Relevant Event Put Option Receipts issued 
pursuant to this Condition 9(h) shall be treated as if they were Notes.  
For the purposes of this Condition 9(h): 
a “Change of Control” means the event occurring if any person (other than one or more Permitted 
Holder(s), acting directly and/or indirectly) or group of persons acting in concert (other than a syndicate 
including directly and/or indirectly one or more Permitted Holder(s) where (a) the number of Voting 
Rights in the Issuer held, directly and/or indirectly, by the Permitted Holder(s) in aggregate is higher 
than the number of Voting Rights in the Issuer held, directly or indirectly, individually by each of the 
other members of the syndicate  or (b) a Permitted Holder has, or the Permitted Holders acting together 
have, in each case, directly and/or indirectly, the power to select the majority of the members of the 
board of directors of the Issuer) owns or gains control of the Issuer; 
“acting indirectly” has the meaning ascribed to such expression in article 2359, paragraph 2, of the 
Italian Civil Code; 
“acting in concert” means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether 
formal or informal), actively co-operate, either directly or indirectly, through the acquisition and/or 
ownership of voting shares in the Issuer by any of them, to obtain or strengthen their control over the 
Issuer; 
“control”, of a person or group of persons over the Issuer shall be read and construed pursuant to article 
2359, paragraph 1, No. 1, of the Italian Civil Code; 
“Ardian France SA” means funds and/or entities managed and/or advised by Ardian France S.A. and 
its affiliates;  
“Gavio Family” means any of Beniamino Gavio, Marcello Gavio, Raffaella Maria Rita Gavio and/or 
heir representative Daniela Gavio (Beniamino Gavio) and/or heir representative Marcellino Gavio – 
Francesca Torti (Beniamino Gavio) and/or common heir representative Pietro Gavio (Marcello Gavio 
and Raffaella Maria Rita Gavio) and/or any heirs.  
 “Permitted Holder” means any of Gavio Family and/or Ardian France SA, in each case, whether 
directly and/or indirectly through person(s) directly and/or indirectly controlled by any of them. 
“Relevant Event Period” means the period commencing on the date a Change of Control occurs and 
ending 90 days thereafter, or such longer period for which the relevant Notes are under consideration 
by the relevant Rating Agency or Agencies for rating review (such consideration having been 
announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after the occurrence of such Change of Control), 
provided that in no circumstances shall the Relevant Event Period exceed 120 days after the occurrence

--- Page 82 ---
73 
 
of a Change of Control. 
a “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within 
the Relevant Event Period the rating at that time assigned to the relevant Series of Notes by the Rating 
Agency (where at the relevant time the Notes are rated by one Rating Agency), or any two Rating 
Agencies (where at the relevant time the Notes are rated by two or more Rating Agencies) is: 
(i) 
withdrawn; or  
(ii) 
changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the 
time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents 
for the time being, or worse) and is not (in the case of a downgrade) subsequently upgraded to 
an investment grade rating within such Relevant Event Period by such Rating Agency or 
Agencies; or  
(iii) 
if the rating previously assigned to any of the Notes by the Rating Agency (where at the relevant 
time the Notes are rated by one Rating Agency) or any two Rating Agencies (where at the 
relevant time the Notes are rated by two or more Rating Agencies) was below an investment 
grade rating (as described above), lowered at least one full rating notch (for example, from 
BB+/Ba1 to BB/Ba2 or their respective equivalents) and is not subsequently upgraded to its 
earlier credit rating or better within such Relevant Event Period by such Rating Agency or 
Agencies,  
and, in each case, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer 
that the withdrawal or downgrading resulted from the occurrence of a Change of Control. 
“Voting Rights” means, with respect to any Person, the voting rights normally exercisable at the general 
meeting of shareholders of such Person. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options:   
If Put Option (as defined below) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) at its Optional Redemption Amount (Put) (each as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (“Put Option”). 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders’ option that may be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date (Put), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with 
a duly completed option exercise notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within 
the notice period.  No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(j) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such

--- Page 83 ---
74 
 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(j) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith.  If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike.  Where 
permitted by applicable law and regulation, all Notes purchased pursuant to this Condition 9(k) 
may be cancelled or held, reissued or resold at the discretion of the relevant purchaser. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them may be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold, without prejudice to Condition 9(k) above in respect of Notes so purchased by the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (g) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:   
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in 
New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment 
of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by 
applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of that Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.  No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 84 ---
75 
 
(e) 
Deductions for Unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a 
Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons Void 
On the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase − Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
9(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Issuer Maturity Par Call Option), Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase − Clean-Up Call Option), Condition 9(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase − Redemption at the option of Noteholders on the occurrence of a Material 
Concession Put Event), Condition 9(h) (Redemption and Purchase − Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders on the occurrence of a Relevant Event), Condition 9(i) (Redemption and 
Purchase − Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options) 
or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not 
still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 85 ---
76 
 
(h) 
Payments other than in Respect of Matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against 
presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of 
a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims 
have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and 
no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by 
or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or 
any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is 
required by law.  In that event, the amount of the payments of principal and interest in respect 
of the Notes and the Coupons due by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be increased to an amount 
which, after applying the aforementioned withholding or deduction, leaves an amount equal to 
the payment which would have been due if no such withholding or deduction had been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Republic of Italy, other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such 
Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
by or on behalf of a holder of the Notes or Coupons who would not be liable or subject 
to the withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or residence 
or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(v) 
by or on behalf of a non-Italian resident, to the extent that interest or any other amounts 
is paid to a non-Italian resident which is not resident in a country which does allow for 
a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy listed in the 
Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 
March 2017 and possibly further amended by any future decree issued pursuant to 
Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of 14 
September 2015) (the “White List Country”); or 
(vi) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, premium or proceeds of any 
Notes or Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree 239”) as amended and/or supplemented or 
any regulations implementing or complying with such Decree; or

--- Page 86 ---
77 
 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Article 26 of the Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 (“Decree 600”) as amended and/or 
supplemented or any regulations implementing or complying with such Decree; or 
(viii) 
with respect to any Notes qualifying as “atypical” securities (titoli atipici), where such 
withholding 
or 
deduction 
is 
required pursuant 
to 
Italian 
Law 
Decree 
30 September 1983, No. 512, converted with amendments by Law 25 November 1983, 
No. 649, as subsequently amended and/or supplemented; or 
(ix) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law or 
regulation implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto as amended from time 
to time. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject with respect to its income at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than Italy by reason of its tax residence or a permanent establishment 
maintained therein, references in these Conditions to Italy shall be construed as references to 
Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so 
requested by holders of at least one-fourth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, subject to (i) in the case of item (b) (Breach of other 
obligations) below only, the Trustee having certified in writing that the happening of such event is in 
its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Notes and (ii) in all cases, the 
Trustee having been indemnified and/or provided with security and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, give 
written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes 
shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount outstanding together with accrued 
and unpaid interest (if any). 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the 
due date for payment thereof and such failure continues for a period of seven (7) days or fails 
to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes on the due date for payment thereof and 
such failure continues for a period of fourteen (14) days. 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations:  the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed and such default (i) is, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default which is, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, capable of remedy, remains unremedied for sixty (60) days after the Trustee has 
given written notice thereof to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, failure to comply with 
the Reporting Requirements, failure to reach the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or ECS Equipped Service Areas 
Percentage Threshold will not of itself constitute an Event of Default hereunder. 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness (other than Limited Recourse Indebtedness) of the Issuer or any of 
the Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any 
applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness (other than Limited Recourse Indebtedness) becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default, howsoever 
described; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any guarantee of any Indebtedness (other than Limited Recourse 
Indebtedness) within any applicable grace period; or

--- Page 87 ---
78 
 
provided that the amount of the relevant Indebtedness and/or guarantees in respect of which 
one ore more of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above has occurred 
and is continuing, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds Euro one hundred million 
(€100,000,000) (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies). 
(d) 
Insolvency, etc.:  (i) the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or (ii) a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, 
administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer is appointed in respect of the Issuer 
or any of the Material Subsidiaries or any of its assets in connection with any insolvency 
proceedings applicable to it, unless such appointment and the related actions, to the extent not 
initiated, approved or consented to by the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries, is 
discharged or stayed within one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days, or (iii) a composition, 
compromise, assignment, moratorium or arrangement with any creditor of the Issuer or any of 
the Material Subsidiaries in relation to any of its Indebtedness (other than Limited Recourse 
Indebtedness) or any guarantee of any such Indebtedness granted by it is entered into and 
becomes effective in accordance with its terms. 
(e) 
Winding up, etc.:  any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken 
by, or against, the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries in relation to the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than for 
the purposes of (i) a Permitted Reorganisation, (ii) the expiry of any of the Concessions at its 
originally stated termination date or (iii) the occurrence of a Material Concession Event) unless 
any such action is discharged or stayed within one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days. 
(f) 
Unsatisfied judgment:  one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or 
judicial review is permissible under applicable law for the payment of an aggregate amount in 
excess of Euro one hundred million (€100,000,000) (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries (other than in 
relation to Limited Recourse Indebtedness) and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a 
period of sixty (60) days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for 
payment. 
(g) 
Security enforced:  any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries in respect of all or Substantially All 
of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries to secure 
any Indebtedness (other than Limited Recourse Indebtedness) becomes enforceable and any 
step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
manager or other similar person) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Limited Recourse 
Indebtedness) incurred by the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries in excess of Euro one 
hundred million (€100,000,000) or its equivalent. 
(h) 
Analogous event:  any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Change of business:  the Issuer ceases (other than as a result of (i) a Permitted Reorganisation, 
(ii) the expiry of any of the Concessions at its originally stated termination date or (iii) the 
occurrence of a Material Concession Event) to carry on, directly or indirectly, all or 
Substantially All of the business of owning and operating infrastructure assets or businesses 
related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereof (such as, inter alia, the engineering, 
procurement and construction (EPC) and technology businesses). 
(j) 
Unlawfulness:  it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under 
the Notes or the Trust Deed, unless the matter giving rise to such unlawfulness is remedied by 
the Issuer within ninety (90) days. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 88 ---
79 
 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Trustee (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws 
and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Trustee and Agents 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from responsibility in 
certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the holders of the 
Notes.  In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any 
entity relating to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee will 
have regard to the interests of the holders of the Notes as a class and will not be responsible for any 
consequence for individual holders of Notes as a result of such holders being connected in any way with 
a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right (with the prior 
approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and to 
appoint a Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Noteholders’ Representative; Modification and Waiver; Threshold 
Increase; SLB Amendments; Baseline Redetermination Event 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
relating to the Notes and affecting their interests, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions and the Notes.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the schedules of the Trust Deed). 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the Notes but are 
subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy and the 
by-laws of the Issuer in force from time to time (including, without limitation, Legislative

--- Page 89 ---
80 
 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, to the extent applicable) and shall be deemed to be 
amended, replaced and supplemented to the extent that such laws, legislation, rules and 
regulations and the by-laws of the Issuer are amended at any time while the Notes remain 
outstanding: 
(i) 
a meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer and/or by the Noteholders’ 
Representative (as defined below) and/or by the Trustee and shall be convened by either 
of them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(ii) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held if (A) in the case of an Initial Meeting, 
there are one or more persons present representing or holding more than one half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (B) in the case of a Second 
Meeting, (a) for any matter other than a Reserved Matter, there are one or more persons 
present representing or holding more than one third of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes; or (b) for a Reserved Matter, there are one or more persons 
present, representing or holding at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes, provided, however, that Italian law and/or the Issuer’s by-laws 
may in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for a 
higher quorum at any of the above meetings (also depending on the matter to be 
transacted at such meeting); and 
(iii) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution will be (A) in the case of an 
Initial Meeting, more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes, or (B) in the case of a Second Meeting at least two-thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting, provided that the 
majority required for voting on a Reserved Matter under (B) above will be the higher 
of (x) one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, and (y) two 
thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the 
relevant meeting, and further provided that Italian law and/or the Issuer’s by-laws may 
in each case under (A) and (B) above (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian 
law) provide for a larger majority. 
Extraordinary Resolutions passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
(b) 
Noteholders’ Representative 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the “Noteholders’ 
Representative”), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may be appointed pursuant 
to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interests under 
these Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders.  If the 
Noteholders’ Representative is not appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders pursuant to 
Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a 
decree of the court where the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more 
Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the Issuer.  The Noteholders’ Representative 
shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three years but may be reappointed again 
thereafter and shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
(c) 
Modification and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions according to which the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the holders of the Notes, agree (i) to any modification of these Conditions, the Notes, the 
Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, proper to make if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification 
will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Notes and (ii) to any 
modification of these Conditions, the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties 
to the Trust Deed may agree, without the consent of the holders of the Notes, to modify any 
provision thereof it is made to comply with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations

--- Page 90 ---
81 
 
of Italy and the Issuer’s by-laws applicable to the convening of meetings, quorums and the 
majorities required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution and entered into force at any time while 
the Notes remain outstanding. 
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the holders of the Notes, authorise or waive 
any proposed breach or breach of the Notes or the Trust Deed or determine that any Event of 
Default shall not be treated as such (other than a proposed breach or breach relating to the 
subject of a Reserved Matter) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the holders of the 
Notes will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
Any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and, unless 
the Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(d) 
Threshold Increase 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions according to which the Issuer shall have the right, in 
its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any time to increase the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or 
ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage Threshold with respect to the relevant Series of Step 
Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes. Notice of any such increase shall be given promptly by 
the Issuer to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (a “Threshold Increase Notice”). Any Threshold Increase Notice shall be unconditional 
and irrevocable (subject only to any subsequent Threshold Increase Notice further increasing 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold and/or ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage Threshold, if applicable) and shall 
specify the date on which any such increase is effective (the “Threshold Increase Effective 
Date”), which for the avoidance of doubt may be the date of the Threshold Increase Notice or 
such other date as may be specified. On the relevant Threshold Increase Effective Date, the 
increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold and/or ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage Threshold, as applicable, 
will be effective and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
and the consent of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall not be required. 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Step Up Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
agreed to, and accepted, any increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or ECS Equipped Service Areas 
Percentage Threshold, as applicable, made in accordance herewith and the Trust Deed, without 
the need of any consent of the Noteholders or the Trustee. 
(e) 
SLB Amendments 
Furthermore and without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16(d) above, the Trust Deed 
contains provisions according to which the Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, 
and without obligation, at any time, subject to the provisions of this Condition 16(e), to amend 
these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to reflect any changes to the Issuer’s 
sustainability strategy which occur after the Issue Date of such Step Up Notes or Premium 
Payment Notes providing for, inter alia, additional events that may trigger the occurrence of a 
Step Up, Premium Payment Event and/or amendments to the definitions applicable to 
Condition 8 (the “SLB Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the increase of the Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
and/or ECS Equipped Service Areas Percentage Threshold pursuant to Condition 16(d) above 
will not constitute SLB Amendments. Notice of any SLB Amendment shall be given promptly 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
At the request of the Issuer the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer 
in effecting any SLB Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) provided that, in the opinion of the Trustee, such 
SLB Amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the holders of the Notes, and 
further provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee

--- Page 91 ---
82 
 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) in any way and further provided that SLB Amendments resulting in 
additional sustainability targets or more ambitious sustainability targets shall, in each case, be 
deemed not be materially prejudicial to the interest of the holders of the Step-Up Notes or 
Premium Payment Notes, as applicable. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any SLB 
Amendment as described in this Condition 16(e). Any SLB Amendment shall be binding on 
the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Step Up Note or a Premium Payment Note, each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, and accepted, any SLB Amendment effected in 
accordance with this Condition 16(e) and the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Baseline Redetermination Event  
No consent of the Trustee or the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
Baseline Redetermination Event as described in these Conditions. The effects of any Baseline 
Redetermination Event shall be binding on the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Step Up Note or a Premium Payment Note, each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, and accepted, any Baseline Redetermination 
Event effected in accordance with these Conditions. 
17. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it thinks 
fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed but it shall not be bound to do so unless: 
(a) 
it has been so requested in writing by the holders of at least one fourth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
it has been indemnified and/or provided with security and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
No holder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to do so, 
fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders and in accordance with the 
Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes.  The Issuer may from time to time, with the consent of the Trustee, create and issue other series 
of notes having the benefit of the Trust Deed. 
19. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English-language daily newspaper 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin, published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or in either case, if 
such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the

--- Page 92 ---
83 
 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second 
currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made 
in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange 
used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency 
and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and the Trust Deed and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and the Trust Deed are governed by English law.  Condition 16 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Noteholders’ Representative; Modification and Waiver) and the provisions of the 
Trust Deed concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders’ 
Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance with Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes.  Furthermore, the Issuer has in the Trust Deed 
(i) agreed that those courts are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute 
and, accordingly, that it will not argue that any other courts are more appropriate or convenient; 
(ii) designated a person in England to accept service of any process on its behalf; (iii) consented 
to the enforcement of any judgment; and (iv) to the extent that it may in any jurisdiction claim 
for itself or its assets immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, 
before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process, and to the extent that in any such 
jurisdiction there may be attributed to itself or its assets or revenues such immunity (whether 
or not claimed), agreed not to claim and irrevocably waived such immunity to the full extent 
permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Process Agent 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(“Proceedings”) and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings 
may be served on it by being delivered to TMF Global Services (UK) Limited, 8th Floor, 20 
Farringdon Street, London EC4A 3AB, United Kingdom or, if different, its registered office 
for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be 
served on it in accordance with Parts 34 and 37 of the Companies Act 2006.  If such person is 
not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or

--- Page 93 ---
84 
 
to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent appoint a further person in England to 
accept service of process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any 
Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent.  Nothing 
in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere.

--- Page 94 ---
85 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions 
for completing the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no 
key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. [Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) / Any distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 95 ---
86 
 
Final Terms dated [date] 
ASTM S.p.A. 
[Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) [●]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €[●] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 22 June 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation] * and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is / 
are] available for viewing at https://live.euronext.com/ [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and 
copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert date/the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 25 below [which is expected to occur on or 
about [insert date]]]. 
 
[(iv) 
Trade Date:] 
[●] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to 
and including [●].  No notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [●].] 
                                                     
*  
To be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to listing on the official list, and to trading on the regulated market, of 
Euronext Dublin or other regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 96 ---
87 
 
 
 
(No Notes shall be issued that have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 or its equivalent in 
another currency.) 
 
 
[In relation to any issue of Notes which are “exchangeable 
to Definitive Notes” in circumstances other than “in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global Note”, such 
Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to or 
greater than €100,000 (or equivalent) and multiples 
thereof.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent.  Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
 
[[●] month EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent.  Floating Rate[, 
subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below in paragraphs 13 - 16) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
10. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below and identify 
there/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Call Option [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Issuer Maturity par Call Option [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Clean-up Call Option [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Material Concession Event Put Option [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Relevant Event Put Option [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Put Option [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below in paragraphs 18 - 
25)] 
12. 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [registered with the Companies’ Registry of [Turin] on 
[●]] [and] [●], respectively 
[Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
88 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The Notes 
are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [●] per cent. per annum 
[payable] [annually/semi annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.  N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))]/[Not 
Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option]/[The Notes 
are not subject to the Step Up Option] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (v) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives.  A Specified Period, rather than Specified 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention.  Otherwise, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives.  If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 98 ---
89 
 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] month EURIBOR] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] 
 
 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]]

--- Page 99 ---
90 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Onservation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[The Initial Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Step Up Notes / Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 100 ---
91 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event:  [●] [and 
[●]] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event:  [●] [and [●]] 
[In respect of the ECS Equipped Service Areas Event:  [●] 
[and [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and] [ECS Equipped Service Areas 
Event]. 
[Cumulative Step Up Event is applicable / Cumulative 
Step Up Event is not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Scope 1 
and 
2 
Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 16(d). 
 
(iv) 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 16(d). 
 
(v) 
ECS Equipped Service Areas 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 16(d). 
 
(vi) 
Step Up Margin(s): 
[[●] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Event/ Scope 3 Emissions Event / ECS 
Equipped Service Areas Event]. [Cumulative Step Up 
Margin is [applicable / not applicable]] 
[set out additional Step-Up Margins in case of multiple 
Step-Up Events] 
 
(vii) 
Cumulative Step Up Event: 
[Applicable. [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions Event] [and] [ECS Equipped Service 
Areas Event] shall be a Cumulative Step Up Event.] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Cumulative Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Notification Deadline: 
In relation to any Reporting Year, [120] days after the last 
day of the relevant Observation Period. 
17. 
Premium Payment Option 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Premium Payment Notes 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event:  [●] [and 
[●]] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 Emissions Event:  [●] [and [●]] 
[In respect of the ECS Equipped Service Areas Event:  [●] 
[and [●]]

--- Page 101 ---
92 
 
 
(ii) 
Premium Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Premium Payment Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and] [ECS Equipped Service Areas 
Event]. 
[Cumulative Premium Payment Event is applicable / 
Cumulative Premium Payment Event is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Scope 1 
and 
2 
Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 16(d). 
 
(v) 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 16(d). 
 
(vi) 
ECS Equipped Service Areas 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 16(d). 
 
(vii) 
Premium Payment Amount(s): 
[€[●] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event/ Scope 3 Emissions Event 
/ ECS Equipped Service Areas Event]. [Cumulative 
Premium Payment Amount is [applicable / not applicable]] 
[set out additional Premium Payment Amount(s) in case of 
multiple Premium Payment Events] 
 
(viii) 
Cumulative Premium Payment 
Event: 
[Applicable. [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions Event] [and] [ECS Equipped Service 
Areas Event] shall be a Cumulative Premium Payment 
Event.] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Cumulative Premium Payment 
Amount: 
[€[●] per Calculation Amount / not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Notification Deadline: 
In relation to any Reporting Year, [120] days after the last 
day of the relevant Observation Period. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 102 ---
93 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/ [Make-Whole Amount] [in 
the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on 
[●]/any date from, and including, the Issue Date to but 
excluding [●]]/ [and] [[●] per Calculation Amount in the 
period (the “Par Call Period”) from and including [insert 
date] (the “Par Call Period Commencement Date”) to 
but excluding [date]] [and [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on 
[●]/in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
19. 
Issuer Maturity par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Material Concession Event Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Relevant Event Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
 [●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 103 ---
94 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[In relation to any issue of Notes which are “exchangeable 
to Definitive Notes” in circumstances other than “in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global Note”, such 
Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to or 
greater than, €100,000 (or equivalent) and multiples 
thereof.] 
27. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraph  14(v) relates.] 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes] / [No] 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on Euronext Dublin] 
of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €[●] Euro Medium Term Note Programme of ASTM S.p.A. 
Signed on behalf of ASTM S.p.A.: 
By:   ____________________________  
Duly authorized

--- Page 104 ---
95 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Euronext Dublin / None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made to Euronext 
Dublin by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market with effect from [●].] / [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Unrated]/[The Notes to be issued [have been / are expected to 
be] rated: 
 
 
[S & P:  [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s:  [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch:  [●]] 
[[Other]:  [●]] 
 
 
The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Where the relevant credit rating agency is established in the 
EEA:] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
established 
in 
the 
EEA 
and 
[registered]/[has applied for registration although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority]/[is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
[Where the relevant credit rating agency is not established in 
the EEA:] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA [but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered] / [but is certified] / [and is not certified under nor is 
the rating it has given to the Notes endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered] under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”).]

--- Page 105 ---
96 
 
 
 
[Insert the following with respect to UK CRA:] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] / [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA]. 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
Calculated as on the Issue Date. 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 106 ---
97 
 
 
[FISN Code: 
[●]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[●]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Principal Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Principal Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(a) 
names and 
addresses of 
Managers: 
 
 
(b) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(a) 
Name and address 
of Dealer: 
[●]

--- Page 107 ---
98 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category[1/2/3]: 
[TEFRA C] 
[TEFRA D] 
[TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
99 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form.  Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common 
depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note 
and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
from time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall 
have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Principal Paying Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within seven days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued

--- Page 109 ---
100 
 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5:00 p.m. (London 
time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5:00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the 
case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Trust Deed.  Under the Trust Deed, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights 
to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they 
had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Trust Deed.  Under the Trust Deed, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in 
the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply 
to the Global Note.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 110 ---
101 
 
Exercise of put options:  In order to exercise either of the options contained in Condition 9(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders on the occurrence of a Material Concession Put Event), 
Condition 9(h) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders on the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event) and 9(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise 
of Noteholders’ Options) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the 
Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and exercise notice, give written notice of such exercise to the 
Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the relevant option is being 
exercised.  For so long as interests in the Global Notes are held through the Clearing Systems, the holders of 
the Global Note shall exercise the rights to give a Material Concession Event Put Option, Relevant Event Put 
Option or a Put Option in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  Following 
the exercise of any such option, the Issuer shall procure that the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the relevant Clearing Systems and represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be reduced 
accordingly. 
Partial exercise of call option:  The option of the Issuer provided for in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders and the relevant Clearing 
Systems (or procuring that such notice is given on its behalf) within the time limits set out in and containing the 
information required by the Conditions.  Following the exercise of any such option, the Issuer shall procure that 
the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant Clearing Systems and represented by 
the Permanent Global Note shall be reduced accordingly.  No drawing of Notes will be required under 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in the event that the Issuer exercises a call option 
provided by such condition while the Notes are represented by the Permanent Global Note in respect of less 
than the aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding.  In such event, the partial redemption will be effected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or 
the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in the Republic of Ireland or 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Payment Business Day:  Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in Condition 2(a) 
(Interpretation), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global 
Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or 
the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, “Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 111 ---
102 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds of the issue of each tranche of Notes are expected to be applied by the Issuer to meet part of 
its general financing requirements.

--- Page 112 ---
103 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
Certain corporate and other general information relating to ASTM 
ASTM S.p.A. (“ASTM” or the “Issuer”) is a joint stock company limited by shares (società per azioni) 
incorporated under Italian law.  Its registered office and principal place of business is at Corso Regina 
Margherita 165, 10144 Turin, Italy, and it is registered with the Companies’ Register of Turin under 
number 00488270018, Fiscal Code and VAT Number 00488270018.  The Issuer’s administrative office (sede 
amministrativa) is located in Strada Statale per Novi Ligure 3/13, Località San Guglielmo – 15057 Tortona 
(AL), Italy. ASTM may be contacted by telephone on +39 0114392111, by fax on +39 0114392218 and by e-
mail at astm@astm.it and by certified electronic mail at astm@legalmail.it.  The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) 
code of ASTM is 8156003F2286CFA55E20. 
The website of ASTM is www.astm.it.  The information on the website of ASTM does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Pursuant to its Articles of Association (Statuto), ASTM’s term of incorporation shall last until 
31 December 2070, subject to extension. 
The corporate purpose of ASTM, as provided by its Articles of Association, is:  (a) the acquisition of equity 
interests in limited liability companies; (b) the carrying out – with the exclusion of any activity vìs-a-vìs the 
public and in any case in accordance with applicable laws – of financial activities in general, excluding movable 
property and real estate leasing, factoring, foreign exchange intermediation, services of collection, payment or 
transfer of funds (including through the issuance of credit cards), granting of consumer credit, even to its 
shareholders; (c) the administration and management on its own account of typical and atypical securities; 
(d) provision of administrative, accounting and technical services in general and commercial and advertising 
consultancy, with the exclusion of any activity vìs-a-vìs the public; (e) the granting of endorsements (avalli), 
sureties (fideiussioni) and guarantees, including collateral security (garanzie reali), in favour of companies or 
entities in which it holds an equity interest; and (f) the purchase and sale and administration of movable and 
immovable properties.  According to its Articles of Association, ASTM may also carry out commercial, 
industrial, securities, real estate and financial transactions which are functionally connected to the 
implementation of its corporate purpose as identified above, excluding only those activities expressly reserved 
by law to special categories of entities and those activities pertaining to matters governed by special laws. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ASTM has a share capital of €36,788,507.50 divided into 73,577,015 
ordinary shares with no nominal value (senza valore nominale).  The ordinary shares of ASTM were delisted 
from the Mercato Telematico Azionario, the screen-based market of the Italian Stock Exchange, on 4 June 2021 
(for further information, see “– History and developments – Voluntary Tender Offer for ASTM Ordinary Shares 
and Delisting of the Issuer” below). 
ASTM is a holding company operating in the sectors of motorway management, large infrastructure engineering 
and construction projects and transport and mobility technology through its subsidiaries (ASTM together with 
its subsidiaries, the “ASTM Group” or the “Group”). 
History and developments 
Incorporation and listing of ASTM 
ASTM was established on 28 November 1928 for the construction, operation and maintenance of the motorway 
linking Turin and Milan under the name of Autostrada Torino-Milano S.p.A. (which was then renamed ASTM 
S.p.A. in January 2013).  On 30 November 1929, a ministerial convention authorised the construction and 
operation of such motorway; on 25 October 1932, following a construction period of 30 months, the motorway 
linking Turin and Milan was inaugurated. 
On 19 June 1969, ASTM was listed on the Turin Stock Exchange and subsequently, on 25 February 1970, also 
on the Milan Stock Exchange.

--- Page 113 ---
104 
 
In 1977, the Gavio Group (through its holding company Aurelia S.p.A., which is owned by the Gavio Family) 
entered for the first time in the motorway sector, acquiring a minority participation in Autostrada Torino-
Piacenza.  The Gavio Group originated its activities in the logistics/transportation sector where it is still active 
today as a major operator.  In 1984, the Gavio Group bought its first shares in Autostrada Torino-Milano.  In 
the 1998-2005 period, the Gavio Group expanded further in the motorway sector, expanding the network it 
controlled from 127 km to 1,148 km.  In December 2003, the Gavio Group took over the management of 
Autostrada Torino-Milano when the Torino–Milano concession agreement was transferred to Società 
Autostrada Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza S.p.A., a fully owned subsidiary. 
In 2013 the name of the company Autostrada Torino-Milano S.p.A. was changed into ASTM S.p.A. 
Partial demerger and incorporation of SIAS 
On 5 February 2002, ASTM transferred a part of its business activities to its newly established subsidiary 
Società Iniziative Autostradali e Servizi S.p.A. (“SIAS”) through a partial and proportional demerger (scissione 
parziale e proporzionale).  On 1 January 2004, ASTM assigned to its subsidiary Società Autostrada Torino-
Alessandria-Piacenza S.p.A. the business unit (cessione di ramo d’azienda pursuant to Italian law) which 
manages, under a concession regime, the Turin-Milan motorway. 
Corporate reorganisation 
In July 2007, ASTM and SIAS – whose ordinary shares had been listed since 2002 on the Mercato Telematico 
Azionario, the Italian automated screen-based trading system managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. – implemented 
a corporate reorganisation programme in the context of which (i) the majority interests in the motorway 
subsidiaries originally belonging to ASTM were all assigned to SIAS and (ii) the majority interests in the 
companies operating in the engineering, planning and infrastructural/maintenance sectors were assigned to 
ASTM.  As a result of the completion of such corporate reorganisation, ASTM controlled SIAS, pursuant to 
Article 2359, paragraph 1, No. 1, of the Italian Civil Code. 
Investment in EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica S.A. 
On 18 December 2015, ASTM and SIAS, on one side, and CR Almeida S.A. Engenharia e Costruçoes (“CR 
Almeida”) and Primav Costruçoes e Comercio S.A. (“Primav”), a company entirely owned by CR Almeida, 
on the other side, entered into an agreement for the acquisition of joint control of Primav Infraestrutura S.A. 
(“Primav Infraestrutura”).  Pursuant to such agreement, as of 4 May 2016 the following assets and liabilities 
were contributed in Primav Infraestrutura:  (i) 64% of the share capital of EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica 
S.A. (“EcoRodovias”); (ii) 55% of the share capital of Concessionaria Monotrilho Linha 18 – Bronze S.A. 
(“VEM ABC”); and (iii) indebtedness of approximately BRL 2,571 million as at 31 December 2015, plus the 
interest that had accrued thereon from 1 January 2016 to 4 May 2016. 
ASTM and SIAS likewise entered into an investment agreement and a shareholders’ agreement to regulate their 
respective investments in Primav Infraestrutura carried out through IGLI S.p.A. (“IGLI”), a company which 
was under the joint control (controllo congiunto) of ASTM and SIAS, which held 60% and 40%, respectively, 
of its share capital. 
Following completion of Primav Infraestrutura’s reserved capital increase subscribed for by IGLI, the share 
capital of Primav Infraestrutura was divided into ordinary shares, representing 61.8% of its share capital, and 
preferred shares, without voting rights, representing 38.2% of its share capital. 
ASTM, SIAS and CR Almeida entered into a shareholders’ agreement governing the joint control of Primav 
Infraestrutura as well as the equity investments held by Primav Infraestrutura in EcoRodovias and VEM ABC 
(the “Primav Infraestrutura Shareholders’ Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Primav Infraestrutura 
Shareholders’ Agreement, ASTM and SIAS, on one side, and CR Almeida, on the other side, had the right to 
appoint an equal number of directors in all of the above companies. 
On 29 March 2017, the Board of Directors of IGLI approved the purchase on the Brazilian stock exchange of 
ordinary shares of EcoRodovias of an equivalent up to 5% share capital of the company in order to increase the 
direct and indirect shareholding in EcoRodovias to approximately 49.2 % of its share capital.  Between 2017 
and 2018 IGLI acquired a total of 27,879,084 EcoRodovias shares, equal to 4.99% of its share capital, which 
were not syndicated to the Primav Infraestrutura Shareholders’ Agreement.

--- Page 114 ---
105 
 
In addition, in April and May 2017 IGLI, in agreement with Primav, purchased additional preferred shares of 
EcoRodovias so as to own 100% of this share class. 
Consequently, as at 31 December 2017 IGLI came to hold, directly and indirectly, on a look-through basis 
49.21% of EcoRodovias’ share capital. 
Partnership Aurelia – Ardian 
In 2018, in the context of the execution of a framework agreement (the “Framework Agreement”) entered into 
between the Gavio Group, through Aurelia S.r.l. and Ardian, through Mercure Investment S.à r.l. (“Mercure 
Investment”), a company controlled by Mercure Holding SCA, in turn controlled by the investment funds 
Ardian Infrastructure Fund IV SCA, SICAR and Ardian Infrastructure Fund IV SCA, SICAR B, both funds 
managed as General Partner by Ardian Infrastructure IV S.à r.l., the latter being controlled by Ardian S.A.S.. 
Ardian, based in France, is one of the largest European headquartered private equity investment that manages 
assets in Europe, Asia, and North America.  Ardian operates in several sectors including infrastructure, real 
estate, renewable energy and private debt.  As a result of the Framework Agreement, Mercure Investment 
acquired a minority equity interest in Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A. (“Nuova Argo”) equal to 40% of its share 
capital.  This strategic partnership was aimed at strengthening the role and competitiveness of the ASTM Group 
as global player in the infrastructure sector, focused on growth, international expansion and value creation for 
all stakeholders.  Specifically, the shared strategy oriented the ASTM Group to expand internationally by seizing 
important opportunities in Europe, Latin America and the United States. 
Merger by incorporation of SIAS into ASTM 
On 13 June 2019, the Boards of Directors of ASTM and SIAS approved, each to the extent of its respective 
competence, an integration project to be implemented by way of a merger by incorporation of SIAS into ASTM 
pursuant to Articles 2501 (Forme di fusione) et seq. of the Italian Civil Code (the “SIAS Merger”).  The main 
objectives of the SIAS Merger were to:  (a) establish an industrial holding company, operating as “one 
company” listed on the stock exchange market, with specific capabilities in motorway concessions, 
construction, engineering and technological innovation; (b) shorten the chain of control with respect to the 
operating companies, according to national and international standard practice and market expectations, 
simplifying the structure of the ASTM Group, with positive effects on the access to cash flows in the operating 
companies and ease the access to capital markets; (c) create a new industrial group able to grow in an efficient 
and competitive manner on domestic and foreign markets, with the possibility of accessing the financial markets 
in light of the new strategic plan; (d) promote the creation of a single listed issuer that, thanks to its size and 
liquidity, could become one of the major companies in the Italian stock exchange market; and (e) streamline 
the Issuer’s structure and, consequently, cut down holding costs, further strengthen the industrial synergies and 
improve operating results. 
With the aim of mitigating the dilution effects of the SIAS Merger and offering an exit option to the shareholders 
of SIAS who did not intend to keep their investment in the company resulting from the SIAS Merger, ASTM 
launched a partial voluntary tender offer (the “PVTO”) for 11,377,108 ordinary shares of SIAS, equal to 5.00% 
of SIAS’ share capital, for a consideration in cash equal to €17.50 per each SIAS share adhering to the offer.  
As a consequence of the PVTO, on 2 August 2019 ASTM acquired 11,376,796 SIAS shares. 
The SIAS Merger became effective from a civil law perspective on 31 December 2019 (the “SIAS Merger 
Effective Date”) and from an accounting and tax perspective, retroactively, on 1 January 2019. 
As of the SIAS Merger Effective Date, in accordance with Article 2504-bis (Effetti della fusione) of the Italian 
Civil Code, ASTM, in its capacity as incorporating company (società incorporante), assumed all rights and 
obligations (diritti e obblighi) of SIAS, continuing all relationships, also procedural (processuali), existing prior 
to the SIAS Merger.  Furthermore, the Articles of Association of ASTM were amended, with effect from the 
SIAS Merger Effective Date, in order to, inter alia, include within the corporate purpose also the corporate 
purpose of SIAS. 
Agreement for the consolidation of IGLI control over EcoRodovias 
On 30 July 2020, IGLI, currently a fully held subsidiary of ASTM, together with ASTM, acting as guarantor in 
respect of IGLI’s obligations, signed with Primav, Primav Infraestrutura, Participare - Administração e 
Participações Ltda and EcoRodovias, a dissociation agreement (the “EcoRodovias Agreement”) aimed at

--- Page 115 ---
106 
 
reorganising the shareholdings in EcoRodovias and subsequently undertaking a capital increase in 
EcoRodovias. 
As at the date of the EcoRodovias Agreement, IGLI (a) held 50% of the ordinary shares and 100% of preferred 
shares with no voting rights of Primav Infraestrutura, representing in aggregate 69.1% of Primav Infraestrutura’s 
share capital which, in turn, held 64.1% of EcoRodovias share capital and (b) directly held 4.99% of 
EcoRodovias outstanding shares.  The remaining 50% of shares with voting rights, representing the remaining 
30.9% of Primav Infraestrutura’s share capital was held by the Almeida family through Primav. 
The EcoRodovias Agreement falls within the development and internationalisation process promoted by the 
ASTM Group.  In particular, EcoRodovias is ASTM’s strategic platform for developing the ASTM Group 
business in Brazil and Latin America; the EcoRodovias Agreement is expected to strengthen ASTM’s position 
among the main international infrastructure operators. 
The Brazilian concessions sector, in particular in the motorway sector, is undergoing significant development 
as a result of a major investment programme launched by the Brazilian Federal and State governments.  The 
EcoRodovias share capital increase provides the company the resources to selectively participate, always with 
the necessary financial discipline, in the calls for tenders planned by the Brazilian government. 
The execution of the EcoRodovias Agreement was divided in two main phases. 
Phase 1 – Capitalisation and spin-off of Primav Infraestrutura 
On 10 March 2021, Primav Infraestrutura resolved a capital increase entirely reserved to IGLI for an amount of 
BRL 880.9 million (equal to €142.8 million(2)), aimed at the repayment in full of Primav Infraestrutura financial 
indebtedness. 
On 11 March 2021, IGLI and Primav resolved a partial demerger of Primav Infraestrutura (the “Primav 
Infraestrutura Demerger”), as a result of which the latter assigned to IGLI do Brasil Participações Ltda., a 
Brazilian company wholly owned by IGLI (“IGLI Brasil”), a total of 232,504,226 EcoRodovias shares and 
135,923,941 shares of Vem ABC. 
Following the Primav Infraestrutura Demerger, IGLI no longer holds any shares in Primav Infraestrutura but, 
through IGLI Brasil, holds the above-mentioned shares in EcoRodovias and Vem ABC.  As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Primav Infraestrutura and its shareholders own 105,000,000 shares in EcoRodovias and 
73,076,059 shares in Vem ABC. 
Phase 2 – Capitalisation of EcoRodovias 
On 9 June 2021, the Board of Directors of EcoRodovias resolved a share capital increase (the “EcoRodovias 
Share Capital Increase”) which was completed on 22 June 2021 through the issue of 137,635,144 new 
EcoRodovias ordinary shares placed through a “follow-on public offer with restricted distribution efforts” at a 
price of BRL 12.50 per share.  In particular, the offer included a primary offer of 137,635,144 newly issued 
shares and a secondary offer of 20,000,000 shares sold by Primav Infraestrutura. 
The share capital increase allowed EcoRodovias to obtain new financial resources totalling around BRL 
1.7 billion. 
ASTM subscribed the EcoRodovias Share Capital Increase in the amount of approximately BRL 1.2 billion, 
bringing the stake it indirectly held at the time in the capital of EcoRodovias to 51.2%. 
Consolidation of EcoRodovias in ASTM Consolidated Financial Statements 
With the Primav Infraestrutura Demerger, the Primav Infraestrutura Shareholders’ Agreement was amended in 
order to maintain the joint control structure of EcoRodovias until the date of the EcoRodovias Share Capital 
Increase. Upon completion of the EcoRodovias Share Capital Increase, the Primav Infraestrutura Shareholders’ 
Agreement lapsed and is no longer in force. 
Upon expiry of the Primav Infraestrutura Shareholders’ Agreement, taking into account the structure of the 
Board of Directors of EcoRodovias, whereby the directors appointed by the ASTM Group did not hold the 
                                                     
2 
At the hedged exchange rate of €/Reais 6.168 resulting from the hedging activity performed by IGLI.

--- Page 116 ---
107 
 
majority of voting rights within the Board of Directors of EcoRodovias, pursuant to IFRS 10 (the international 
accounting standard which governs rules for the consolidated financial statements), these voting rights were not 
substantial and hence did not guarantee ASTM control over EcoRodovias as at such date.   
Following the appointment of the new board of directors on 16 November 2021, ASTM, through IGLI Brasil 
and IGLI, came to hold the majority of voting rights within the board of directors of EcoRodovias.  Accordingly, 
EcoRodovias has been consolidated on a “line-by-line basis” in the ASTM consolidated financial statements as 
of 1 December 2021. 
On 24 March 2022, the Board of Directors of IGLI approved the purchase on the Brazilian stock exchange of 
additional ordinary shares of EcoRodovias in order to increase the direct and indirect shareholding in 
EcoRodovias. Between March and April 2022, IGLI acquired a total of 4,830,300 EcoRodovias shares, equal 
to 0.69% of its share capital. Consequently, as at the date of this Base Prospectus the ASTM Group owns a total 
of 361,213,610 shares equal to 51.93% of EcoRodovias’ share capital. 
Voluntary Tender Offer for ASTM Ordinary Shares and Delisting of the Issuer 
On 20 February 2021, NAF 2 S.p.A. (“NAF 2”), a joint stock company (società per azioni) entirely owned by 
Nuova Argo, in turn controlled by Aurelia S.r.l., launched, pursuant to and in accordance with Article 102, 
paragraph 1 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the “Financial 
Services Act”), a voluntary public tender offer (“Tender Offer”) for ASTM ordinary shares with the aim of: 
(i) 
acquiring all the outstanding ordinary shares of ASTM – after deducting (a) No. 60,449,417 shares held 
by Nuova Argo (of which 58,501,677 directly and 1,947,740 indirectly through Nuova Codelfa S.p.A.), 
(b) No. 2,385,650 Shares held by Mercure Investment S.à r.l. and (c) No. 10,741,948 treasury shares 
held by ASTM – equal to No. 66,937,880 shares, representing 47.638% of ASTM share capital; and 
(ii) 
obtaining the delisting of ASTM ordinary shares from the Mercato Telematico Azionario (the “MTA”), 
the screen-based market of the Italian Stock Exchange organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
The Tender Offer was initially launched for a price of €25.60 per share, subsequently increased to €28 per share 
for a total cash consideration of €1,845,955,776. 
Following the completion of the Tender Offer, the purchases made by NAF 2 outside of the Tender Offer and 
the execution of the squeeze-out and sell-out procedures, Nuova Argo came to hold, directly and indirectly, all 
outstanding ASTM shares (for further information on ASTM current shareholders, see “ – Shareholders” 
below).  ASTM ordinary shares were delisted from the MTA as of 4 June 2021 (the “Delisting”). 
The cash consideration for the Tender Offer and the transaction costs in connection thereto were financed 
utilising the proceeds of a loan granted to NAF 2 by J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A., Milan Branch, in its capacity 
as underwriter, and a pool of banks in their capacity as lenders, for an aggregate principal amount of up to 
€1,930,000,000 pursuant to a financing agreement entered into on 29 March 2021 and amended on 25 May 2021 
(the “NAF 2 Financing Agreement”). The NAF 2 Financing Agreement was utilised principally to (a) support 
the issuance of a cash confirmation letter covering the payment obligations of NAF 2 under the Tender Offer, 
(b) to fund the proposed acquisition of ASTM shares in the context of the Tender Offer, and (c) to fund interest 
expenses and the acquisition costs incurred under the Tender Offer. 
Merger by incorporation of NAF 2 into ASTM 
Following the Delisting, on 24 June 2021 the Boards of Director of ASTM and NAF 2 approved the merger 
plan (the “NAF 2 Merger Plan”) which provided for the merger by incorporation of NAF 2 into ASTM pursuant 
to Articles 2501-bis and 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code (the “NAF 2 Merger”). 
As Nuova Argo held, directly or indirectly through NAF 2, all ASTM ordinary shares, the Merger Plan did not 
envisage any exchange rate for the NAF 2 Merger.  In particular, the NAF 2 Merger was carried out with no 
share capital increase through (i) the cancellation of all the ASTM shares currently held by NAF 2 and the 
corresponding decrease of ASTM share capital and (ii) the cancellation of all the NAF 2 shares held by Nuova 
Argo with no issue of new shares by ASTM.

--- Page 117 ---
108 
 
On 5 August 2021, the Shareholders’ extraordinary meetings of ASTM and NAF 2 approved the NAF 2 Merger.  
The minutes of such resolutions were both registered in the competent Companies’ Registers on 13 August 2021 
and the merger deed was entered into on 2 November 2021. 
The NAF 2 Merger became effective from a civil law perspective on 5 November 2021 (the “NAF 2 Merger 
Effective Date”), while from an accounting and tax perspective, it was effective retroactively as of 
1 January 2021. 
As of the NAF 2 Merger Effective Date, in accordance with Article 2504-bis (Effetti della fusione) of the Italian 
Civil Code, ASTM, in its capacity as incorporating company (società incorporante), assumed all rights and 
obligations (diritti e obblighi) of NAF 2, continuing all relationships, also procedural (processuali), existing 
prior to the NAF 2 Merger.  Accordingly, ASTM assumed the outstanding gross indebtedness incurred by NAF 
2 under the NAF 2 Financing Agreement, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus has been refinanced in 
full. In addition, as a result of the cancellation of the treasury shares held by the Issuer following the NAF 2 
Merger, the share capital of the Issuer decreased from Euro 70,257,447.50 as of 30 June 2021 to Euro 
36,788,507.50.

--- Page 118 ---
109 
 
ASTM Group 
The following diagram includes the principal consolidated subsidiaries of ASTM and the main non-consolidated 
companies in which ASTM holds, directly and indirectly, an equity interest as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
 
Business of the ASTM Group 
The ASTM Group operates primarily: 
 
in the motorway concessions sector (i) in the North-West of Italy through the companies referred to 
under “– Italian Motorway Activities – Overview” below, and (ii) abroad, in Brazil and in the United 
Kingdom through EcoRodovias and its subsidiaries and Road Link Holdings Limited, respectively; 
 
in the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) sector through Itinera S.p.A. (“Itinera”), 
a company active in the sector of large infrastructure works (roads, motorways, railways, underground 
railways, bridges, viaducts, tunnels) and civil and industrial construction (hospitals, shopping centres, 
airports), and, among others, SINA S.p.A., an engineering company, Halmar International LLC, a 
construction company based in the metropolitan area of New York, and Euroimpianti S.p.A., a company 
that manages installation projects (for further information, see “– Engineering, procurement and 
construction (EPC) sector”, below); and 
 
in the technology sector through Sinelec S.p.A., a company that specialises in the design, construction 
and management of advanced systems for safety, mobility information, toll collection and 
telecommunications (for further information, see “– Technology sector”, below). 
ASTM NORTH 
AMERICA INC 
ROAD LINK 
IGLI SPA 
IGLI DO BRASIL 
ECORODOVIAS 
ECOPORTO 
SANTOS 
SINA 
ITINERA 
ITINERA USA 
CORP 
HALMAR 
INTERNATIONAL  
LLC 
TUBOSIDER 
ITINERA 
COSTRUÇOES LTDA 
EUROIMPIANTI 
AUTOSTRADA  
DEI FIORI 
AUTOSTRADA  
ASTI-CUNEO 
SINELEC 
SALT 
ATIVA 
SATAP 
SAV 
SITRASB 
TE 
SITAF 
AUTOVIA 
PADANA 
ECORODOVIAS 
CONCESSÕES 
ECO 
VIAS 
ECO 
PISTAS 
ECO 
SUL 
ECO 
PONTE 
ECO 
101 
ECO 
135 
ECOVIAS 
DO 
CERRADO 
ECO 
RIOMINAS 
ARGOVIAS 
HOLDING DO 
ARAGUAIA 
ECO 
050 
ECOVIAS DO 
ARAGUAIA 
Holding 
Motorway sector 
EPC 
Technology sector 
TEM 
ECO 
NOROESTE

--- Page 119 ---
110 
 
This structure of operating segments reflects the method of representing information used by the management 
of ASTM in its internal decision-making processes. 
In addition, the ASTM Group is pursuing selected concession projects (in particular greenfield public private 
partnership (P3) projects) through ASTM North America Inc., a New York based corporation fully controlled 
by ASTM (for further information see “– Public Private Partnership Projects” below). 
Strategy 
On 8 July 2022, the Board of Directors of ASTM approved a new strategic plan of the ASTM Group for the 
2022-2026 period (the “2022-2026 Strategic Plan”), which follows on the successful implementation of the 
2017-2021 strategic plan approved by the Board of Directors of ASTM on 19 July 2017.  
The 2022-2026 Strategic Plan is based on the following three strategic pillars and three key enablers to 
maximising the creation of value for all stakeholders and promote economic development in the territories where 
the Group operates. 
Strategic Pillars: 
1. 
consolidation of the One-Company model to further strengthen the current integrated model with road 
concessions, leveraging technology and EPC as key assets; 
2. 
focus on existing motorway concession assets in Europe and Brazil, and extend leading presence in these 
core markets and expand into the USA by selectively participating in tenders in these markets; and 
3. 
manage the asset portfolio opportunistically, evaluating opportunities in mature markets to rotate the 
portfolio, thereby optimizing returns and capital rotation to optimize returns and permit investment in 
more interesting opportunities. 
Key Enablers: 
1. 
innovation: accelerate technology deployment to support maintenance, road safety, and ordinary 
operations, also as a source of competitive advantage in tenders for new concessions; 
2. 
sustainability: become the ‘Industry Champion’ in ESG, accelerating initiatives to decarbonize, increase 
energy efficiency, support the circular economy, lead in social and corporate governance; and 
3. 
efficiency and digitizing: digitize, leverage group scale and leading capabilities, to improve core 
processes and its operating model, with specific focus on capex deployment. 
ASTM in the next years expects to carry on pursuing its growth strategy in the selected core geographies 
leveraging on: 
 
Motorways of the Future: digital, resilient and sustainable. ASTM is designing and building motorways 
that are safer and more efficient, last longer, resist the effects of climate change better and provide an 
improved travel experience. Motorways of the Future offer electric and hydrogen charging stations and 
connect vehicles automatically to the highway management system to provide real time information, 
thereby lowering traffic risks. 
 
Sustainability: the Group strategic plan incorporates a sustainability plan in line with UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (“SDGs”) with specific focus on (i) CO2 emission reduction, biodiversity 
protection and circular economy projects developments; (ii) people, in terms of diversity and inclusion 
promotion, human capital development, health and safety protection and human rights protection; and, 
finally (iii) prosperity in terms of local areas and communities development support, technological 
innovation support and road safety protection;   
 
Efficiency: review of the core and support function operating models, optimization of capex deployment 
and introduction of new and smarter ways of working. 
Beyond these strategic aims the ASTM Group will maintain financial discipline, with the main objective of 
creating value over the long-term period for the benefit of its primary stakeholders and the territories in which 
it operates.

--- Page 120 ---
111 
 
Revenues and key financial and operating data 
In 2022, the ASTM Group Turnover equalled €3,372.8 million and its profits for the year equalled €87 million. 
The following table provides a breakdown of the ASTM Group Turnover by area of activity for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Audited 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021(1) 
 
€ in millions 
% of Turnover (2) 
€ in millions 
% of Turnover (1) 
Motorway sector– operating activities(3), of 
which: ..............................................................  
   
2,127.0  
63.1% 
           1,332.6  
52.7% 
Net toll revenue - Italy ........................................  
1,436.1  
42.6% 
          1,260.3  
49.8% 
Net toll revenue- Brazil… ...................................  
635.7 
18.8% 
               41.8  
1.7% 
Other accessory revenues (4) ...............................  
55.2 
1.6% 
30.5 
1.2% 
EPC sector (5) ......................................................  
926.1 
27.5% 
1,003.7 
39.7% 
Technological sector (6) ......................................  
38.9 
1.2% 
22.0 
0.9% 
Other (7) ..............................................................  
280.7 
8.3% 
170.4 
6.7% 
Turnover ...........................................................  
3,372.8 
100.0% 
2,528.7 
100.0% 
_________ 
(1) The data as at 31 December 2021 reflect the consolidation with the "line-by-line method" (effective - respectively - from 1 April and 
1 December 2021) of the SITAF group and the EcoRodovias Group, previously valued with the "equity method”. Data as at 31 
December 2022 incorporates the same entities for 12 months. For further information on the EcoRodovias Group data for the fiscal 
year ended on 31 December 2021, see “– International Motorway Activities – Brazilian Motorway activities – Overview” below. 
(2) With regards to motorway concession holders, IFRIC 12 provides for full recognition of revenue and costs for “construction activity” 
concerning non-compensated revertible assets. Therefore, the ASTM Group revenues presented here exclude the revenue portion of 
such non-compensated revertible assets, which are presented in the financial statements as revenues from “motorway sector – 
planning and construction activities” and “EPC sector – planning and construction activities”. 
(3) Law Decree 78/2009, converted into Law 102/2009, has replaced the premium (“sovrapprezzo”) with an extra fee (“sovracanone”) 
with effect from 5 August 2009.  The method used to calculate the amounts to be paid to ANAS S.p.A. / Ministry of Sustainable 
Infrastructure and Mobility are unchanged.  Therefore, the revenues from motorway tolls are shown net of the extra fee which, being 
a concession fee, has been classified as “other management costs”.  Article 15, paragraph 4 of Law Decree 78/2010 has introduced 
a further increase of the abovementioned “sovracanone” (for further information, see “Regulatory – Mechanism and Procedure for 
the annual adjustment of the Tariffs”). 
(4)  “Other accessory revenues” mainly refers to tolls on the service areas of sub-concessions. 
(5)  “EPC sector” refers to the aggregate amount of the production in favour of third parties not belonging to the ASTM Group executed 
by subsidiaries which operate in the construction industry. 
(6) “Technological sector” refers to the aggregate amount of the production in favour of third parties not belonging to the ASTM Group 
executed by subsidiaries which operate in the technology industry. 
(7) “Other” mainly refers to the activities carried out by the EcoRodovias Group in the logistics/port sector, to compensations for 
damages, recovery of expenses, revenues for works executed on behalf of third parties, contributions during the fiscal year and the 
quota of the revenues due to the discounting of the debt with the Fondo Centrale di Garanzia.

--- Page 121 ---
112 
 
ASTM Group Revenues / Turnover 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021(1) 
Total revenues ......................................................................................................................  
4,779.3 
3,232.0 
Fee/additional fee payable to ANAS .....................................................................................  
(102.4) 
(93.4) 
Revenues from planning and construction activities related to non-compensated revertible 
assets(4) ...............................................................................................................................  
(1,304.2) 
(609.9) 
Turnover ..............................................................................................................................  
3,372.8 
2,528.7 
 
(€ in millions, except EBITDA margin and Net financial indebtedness/EBITDA) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021(1) 
Turnover(2) ...........................................................................................................................  
3,372.8 
2,528.7 
of which net toll revenues ......................................................................................................  
2,071.8 
1,302.1 
EBITDA .................................................................................................................................  
1,305.2 
813.3 
EBITDA margin(3) .................................................................................................................  
38.7% 
32.2% 
Profit (loss) for the period attributable to the Group (Continuing operations).......................  
39.8 
1.2 
Net financial indebtedness .....................................................................................................  
(5,483.7) 
(4,204.9) 
Net financial indebtedness/EBITDA .....................................................................................  
4.2 
5.2 
Operating cash flows .............................................................................................................  
969.2 
465.2 
Motorway sector capex - Italy ...............................................................................................  
846.6 
583.6 
Motorway sector capex - Brazil ............................................................................................  
457.5 
24.5 
_________ 
(1) 
The data as at 31 December 2021 reflect the consolidation with the "line-by-line method" (effective - respectively - from 1 April 
and 1 December 2021) of the SITAF group and the EcoRodovias Group, previously valued with the "equity method”. Data as at 
31 December 2022 incorporates the same entities for 12 months. For further information on the EcoRodovias Group data for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2021, see “– International Motorway Activities – Brazilian Motorway activities – Overview” 
below. 
(2) 
Turnover is calculated excluding “Fee/additional fee payable to ANAS”, “Revenues from planning and construction activities 
related to non-compensated revertible assets”. 
(3) 
EBITDA margin is calculated as EBITDA divided by Turnover. 
(4) 
This item refers to both the motorway and EPC sectors. 
The tables below provide a breakdown of, respectively, the ASTM Group EBITDA, the ASTM Group Net 
financial indebtedness and ASTM Group Total financial indebtedness-ESMA for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021. 
ASTM Group EBITDA 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021(1) 
Profit (loss) for the period ...................................................................................................  
87.0 
74.1 
Profit (loss) for “assets held for sale” net of taxes (Discontinued Operations) 
1.4 
- 
Income taxes........................................................................................................................  
134.4 
167.9 
Loss/(Profit) of companies accounted for with the equity method ......................................  
8.6 
2.6 
Financial expenses...............................................................................................................  
394.6 
257.3 
Financial income .................................................................................................................  
(109.8) 
(41.7) 
Amortization/depreciation and provisions(1) ........................................................................  
789.1 
353.1 
EBITDA .............................................................................................................................  
1,305.2 
813.3 
(1) Includes (i) amortisation, depreciation and write-downs, (ii) adjustment of the provision for restoration/replacement of non-
compensated revertible assets and (iii) other provisions for risks and charges, as presented in the consolidated income 
statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

--- Page 122 ---
113 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
(€ in millions) 
2022 
2021(1) 
Motorway Sector ...................................................................................................................  
1,365.8 
834.6 
EPC Sector ............................................................................................................................  
(63.2) 
10.5 
Technology Sector.................................................................................................................  
17.7 
11.7 
Other sector services(2) ..........................................................................................................  
(15.1) 
(43.4) 
EBITDA ...............................................................................................................................  
1,305.2 
813.3 
_________ 
(1) 
The data as at 31 December 2021 reflect the consolidation with the "line-by-line method" (effective - respectively - from 1 April 
and 1 December 2021) of the SITAF group and the EcoRodovias Group, previously valued with the "equity method”. Data as at 
31 December 2022 incorporates the same entities for 12 months. For further information on the EcoRodovias Group data for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2021, see “– International Motorway Activities – Brazilian Motorway activities – Overview” 
below. 
(2) 
Includes minor sectors and other services (Brazilian companies in the port and logistics sectors, holdings and minor services 
companies) and eliminations. 
 
ASTM Group Net financial indebtedness 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
1,348.2 
1,343.7 
Financial receivables(1) ..........................................................................................................  
1,239.3 
1,779.3 
Current financial liabilities(2) .................................................................................................  
(1,061.9) 
(1,048.0) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
1,525.6 
2,075.0 
Non current financial liabilities(2) ..........................................................................................  
(7,009.3) 
(6,279.9) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
(5,483.7) 
(4,204.9) 
_________ 
(1) Includes high-liquidity securities (investment funds and Interbank Deposit Certificates) made by several companies of the 
EcoRodovias Group and current financial receivables and insurance policies, which are included within other non-current 
financial assets on the balance sheet. The insurance policies represent a temporary investment of excess liquidity and expire beyond 
one year; however, the agreements include an option which allows for the investment to be converted in cash in the short term. 
(2) Includes bank debt, bond, hedging derivatives and other financial liabilities. 
 
ASTM Group Total financial indebtedness – ESMA  
 
Year ended 31 December 
(€ in millions) 
2022 
2021 
Liquidity 
2,587.5 
3,123.0 
Short-term borrowings 
(1,061.9) 
(1,048.0) 
Net short-term borrowings 
1,525.6 
2,075.0 
Net non-current financial indebtedness  
(7,675.8) 
(7,026.2) 
Total financial indebtedness – ESMA(1) 
(6,150.2) 
(4,951.2) 
 
(1) Calculated in accordance with the “Guidelines on disclosure requirements under the prospectus regulation” issued by ESMA in 
March 2021. It differs from “Net financial indebtedness” due to the inclusion in “Net non-current financial indebtedness”of the 
discount payable to ANAS - Fondo Centrale di Garanzia (Central Insurance Fund) for € 447.0 million (€ 453.5 million in 2021) and 
other long term payables for € 219.4 million (€ 292.7 million in 2021).

--- Page 123 ---
114 
 
 
MOTORWAY SECTOR  
Introduction 
The ASTM Group is one of the main international players in the toll motorway management sector.  As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the ASTM Group directly and indirectly manages a motorway network of 
approximately 6,200(3) kilometres in Italy, in Brazil and in the United Kingdom.  
 
Italy:  the ASTM Group is the second largest operator in Italy operating approximately 21.4% of the 
total motorway concessions.  The ASTM Group operations are concentrated in the North-West of Italy, 
where it is the main operator, with approximately 1,415 kilometres of network under concession. 
 
Brazil:  through EcoRodovias, the largest motorway concessionaire in terms of network kilometres in 
Brazil, the ASTM Group manages more than 4,700 kilometres of highways (including the 601 
kilometres to be managed under the new concession awarded to Concessionária de Rodovias Noroeste 
Paulista S.A.). 
 
United Kingdom:  through the shareholding in Road Link Holdings Limited, the ASTM Group 
manages approximately 84 kilometres of motorways in the United Kingdom, between Newcastle and 
Carlisle. 
Italian motorway activities – Overview 
As at 31 December 2022, Italian toll motorways, including tunnels, bridges and viaducts (the “Italian Toll 
Motorway Network”) consisted of 6,084.3(4) kilometres of toll motorways operated by diverse concessionaires. 
ASTM currently manages – through its consolidated subsidiaries and other companies in which it holds an 
equity interest – a total of 1,312.7(5) kilometres of the Italian Toll Motorway Network (constituting 
approximately 21.6% of the Italian Toll Motorway Network as at 15 April 2023), while the remaining 
4,771.6 kilometres are managed by other motorway concessionaires (source:  AISCAT – Associazione Italiana 
Società Concessionarie Autostrade e Trafori and ASTM Group internal data). 
The ASTM Group operates in the North-West Italian area (namely, Piemonte, Valle d’Aosta, Lombardia, 
Liguria, Toscana and Emilia-Romagna) which is the heart of the Italian industrial triangle, close to key 
international motorway interconnections, such as T1 (Montebianco Tunnel), T2 (Gran San Bernardo Tunnel) 
and the T4 (Fréjus Tunnel). The ASTM network also serves as a hub to Central Europe in terms of transport 
and logistics and boasts many world famous tourist areas.  For a brief discussion of competition between the 
ASTM Group and third-party toll roads and State-run motorways, as well as alternative modes of transportation, 
see “- Competition – Motorway Sector – Competition in Italy”, below. 
                                                     
(3) It includes approximately 100 kilometres under construction. 
(4) Kilometres in operations. 
(5) Kilometres in operations.

--- Page 124 ---
115 
 
 
In particular, in Italy, ASTM operates the toll motorway business in the North-West part of the country through 
the following consolidated subsidiaries:  Società Autostrada Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza S.p.A., Società 
Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.A., Società Autostrade Valdostane S.p.A., Autostrada dei Fiori S.p.A., Autostrada 
Asti-Cuneo S.p.A., Società di Progetto Autovia Padana S.p.A., Autostrada Torino Ivrea Valle d’Aosta S.p.A.(6), 
Società Italiana per il Traforo Autostradale del Fréjus S.p.A.(7) and Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno 
S.p.A. (each an “Italian Motorway Subsidiary” and, together, the “Italian Motorway Subsidiaries”).  Also, 
in line with its risk management policy, ASTM does not manage concessions directly, rather it participates in 
concession tenders and operate the concessions through separate companies, under specific concession 
agreements.  This approach also ensures that each concession company has its own management structure 
interacting directly with the grantors and the other competent authorities. 
The right to construct, operate and maintain the relevant motorway stretch and the related tariff system (from 
which, inter alia, the revenues of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries derive) are regulated in accordance with 
Italian law and the relevant concessions granted (each, an “Italian Motorway Concession” and, collectively, 
the “Italian Motorway Concessions”).  Each Italian Motorway Subsidiary is required by the terms of the 
relevant Italian Motorway Concession and applicable laws and regulations to, inter alia, make capital 
investments (such as increasing the number of lanes on a motorway section or upgrading a motorway) pursuant 
to an investment plan from time to time approved by the competent authority.  See also “Regulatory – Italian 
Motorway Business” below. 
Except as specified below, all of the Italian Motorway Concessions held by the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
are set to expire between December 2026 and December 2050.  In addition, Autostrada Torino Ivrea Valle 
d’Aosta S.p.A. manages the A5-A55 Turin-Ivrea-Quincinetto motorway section, the Ivrea-Santhià motorway 
section and the Turin Ring Road Motorway System (Sistema Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese) in a 
prorogatio regime(8) following the expiration on 31 August 2016 of the relevant Italian Motorway Concession, 
Società Autostrada Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza S.p.A. manages the A21 Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza 
motorway section in a prorogatio regime following the expiration on 30 June 2017 of the relevant Italian 
Motorway Concession, Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.A. manages the A12 Sestri Levante-Livorno, A11 
Viareggio-Lucca and A15 Fornola-La Spezia motorway sections in a prorogatio regime following the 
expiration on 31 July 2019 of the relevant Italian Motorway Concession and Autostrada dei Fiori S.p.A. 
manages the A10 Savona-Ventimiglia motorway section in a prorogatio regime following the expiration on 30 
November 2021 of the relevant Italian Motorway Concession. Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno 
S.p.A. is the special purpose company incorporated in December 2021 that is expected to manage for 11 years 
and 6 months starting from the takeover date (which has not been set as of the date of this Base Prospectus) the 
                                                     
(6) Pursuant to the agreement entered into on 14 November 2019 by ASTM, SIAS and Mattioda Autostrade S.p.A., the ASTM Group 
has acquired the control of Autostrada Torino Ivrea Valle d’Aosta S.p.A. For further information, see “– Motorway Activities – 
Italian Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries” below. 
(7) In 2020, ASTM was awarded the public tender for the acquisition of a 19.347% equity interest in the share capital of Società Italiana 
per il Traforo Autostradale del Fréjus S.p.A., coming to hold a 67.22%, direct and indirect, shareholding. For further information, 
see “– Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries” below. 
(8) 
A prorogatio regime is the “extended” activity of a concessionaire which continues to operate, even though the tenor of the 
concession has expired, due to the non-renewal or delayed renewal by the grantor. 
SAV 
SATAP A4 
TE 
AUTOVIA PADANA 
SITRASB 
ATIVA 
SITAF 
ASTI-CUNEO 
ADF A6 
ADF A10 
SATAP A21 
SALT A12 
SALT A15 
Subsidiary licensee 
Associated companies 
MOTORWAY NETWORK IN ITALY

--- Page 125 ---
116 
 
concession regarding the A10 and A12 motorway sections (for further information, see “– Italian Motorway 
Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries” below). 
The table below sets forth a list of all the Italian Motorway Concessions held by the Italian Motorway 
Subsidiaries and all the motorway concessions held by the other companies in which, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, ASTM holds, either directly or indirectly, an equity interest, also indicating their original expiry 
date.  
Motorway Company 
Motorway stretch 
Original expiry date 
of the concession 
Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
SATAP S.p.A. 
Turin-Milan 
31 December 2026 
SATAP S.p.A. 
Turin-Alessandria-Piacenza 
30 June 2017(1) 
SAV S.p.A. 
Quincinetto-Aosta 
31 December 2032 
SALT S.p.A. 
Sestri Levante-Livorno, Viareggio-Lucca and 
Fornola-La Spezia 
31 July 2019(2) (3) 
SALT S.p.A. 
La Spezia-Parma (and road link with Autostrada 
del Brennero) 
31 December 2031 
ADF S.p.A. 
Savona-Ventimiglia 
30 November 2021(2) (3) 
ADF S.p.A. 
Turin – Savona 
31 December 2038 
Asti-Cuneo S.p.A. 
Asti-Cuneo 
31 December 2031 
Società di Progetto Autovia Padana S.p.A. 
Piacenza-Cremona-Brescia 
28 February 2043 
ATIVA S.p.A. 
Tangenziale di Torino (Turin bypass), Turin-
Quincinetto, Ivrea-Santhià and Turin-Pinerolo 
31 August 2016(1) 
SITAF S.p.A. 
Turin-Bardonecchia, Fréjus Tunnel 
31 December 2050 
Non consolidated companies in which 
ASTM holds an equity interest 
Sitrasb S.p.A. 
Traforo Gran San Bernardo (Great St Bernard 
Tunnel) 
31 December 2034 
Tangenziale Esterna S.p.A. 
Tangenziale Est Esterna di Milano (Milan Outer 
Ring Road) 
30 April 2065 
_________ 
(1) 
The management of such motorway section is in prorogatio regime until the effectiveness of the handover process to the new 
concessionaire. The new concession has been awarded to a competitor of the ASTM Group but proceedings are pending in this 
respect. See “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – Italian Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries –
Società Autostrada Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza S.p.A. – A21 stretch” and “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Sector – 
Italian Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries – Autostrada Torino Ivrea Valle d’Aosta S.p.A.” below. 
(2) 
The management of such motorway section is in prorogatio regime until the effectiveness of the handover process to the new 
concessionaire. 
(3) 
The concession of such motorway stretches has been awarded to Itinera, which incorporated the special purpose vehicle Società 
di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno S.p.A. in December 2021. The expected duration for the new concession is 11.5 years from 
the date on which the concession will become effective. For further information see “Description of the Issuer – Motorway 
Sector – Italian Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries – Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. – A12 (Sestri 
Levante – Livorno) / A11 (Viareggio – Lucca) / A15 (Fornola – La Spezia) stretches” and “Description of the Issuer – Motorway 
Sector – Italian Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries – Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno S.p.A.” 
below.  
The table below sets forth, by concessionaire, a list of the toll motorways managed by the ASTM Group in Italy 
(the “ASTM Group Italian Network”) and toll motorways managed by other companies in which, as at the

--- Page 126 ---
117 
 
date of this Base Prospectus, ASTM holds, either directly or indirectly, an equity interest and the length of each 
of these motorways in operation and under construction.  
 
Kilometres 
Company 
Stretch 
In operation 
Under 
construction 
% of km 
under 
motorway 
concession(1) 
SATAP 
A4 
Turin – Milan .............................................................  
130.3 
- 
2.1% 
A21 
Turin – Alessandria – Piacenza(2) ...............................  
167.7 
- 
2.8% 
SAV 
A5 
Quincinetto – Aosta ....................................................  
59.5 
- 
1.0% 
SALT 
A12 
Sestri Levante – Livorno, Viareggio – Lucca and 
Fornola – La Spezia(3) ................................................  
154.9 
- 
2.5% 
A15 
La Spezia – Parma (and road link with Autostrada del 
Brennero) ...................................................................  
101.0 
81.0(6) 
1.7% 
ADF 
A10 
Savona – Ventimiglia(4) ..............................................  
113.2 
- 
1.9% 
A6 
Turin – Savona ...........................................................  
130.9 
- 
2.2% 
AT-CN 
A33 
Asti – Cuneo...............................................................  
560.5 
10.1 
1.0% 
Autovia Padana 
A21 
Piacenza – Cremona – Brescia ...................................  
100.1 
11.5 
1.6% 
ATIVA 
A5-A55 
Tangenziale di Torino (Turin bypass), Turin –
Quincinetto, Ivrea – Santhià and Turin-Pinerolo(5) .....  
155.8 
2.6% 
SITAF 
A32 
Turin – Bardonecchia .................................................  
81.1 
- 
1.3% 
 
T4 
Fréjus Tunnel .............................................................  
12.9 
- 
0.2% 
Total ASTM Group Italian Network ....................................................................... 
1,267.9 
102.6 
20.8% 
SITRASB 
T2 
Traforo Gran San Bernardo (Great St Bernard 
Tunnel) .......................................................................  
12.8 
- 
0.2% 
TE 
A58 
Tangenziale Est Esterna di Milano (Milan Outer Ring 
Road) ..........................................................................  
32.0 
- 
0.5% 
Total managed by non-consolidated companies in which the ASTM Group holds 
an equity interest ......................................................................................................  
44.8 
- 
0.7% 
Total ..........................................................................................................................  
1,312.7 
102.6 
21.6% 
 
_________ 
(1) Only kilometers in operation. 
(2) Following the expiration on 30 June 2017 of the relevant Italian Motorway Concession, SATAP manages the A21 Torino-
Alessandria-Piacenza motorway section in a prorogatio regime.  
(3) Following the expiration on 31 July 2019 of the relevant Italian Motorway Concession, SALT manages the A12 Sestri Levante – 
Livorno, Viareggio-Lucca, Fornola-La Spezia motorway section in a prorogatio regime. 
(4) Following the expiration on 31 November 2021 of the relevant Italian Motorway Concession, ADF manages the A10 Savona – 
Ventimiglia motorway section in a prorogatio regime. 
(5) Following the expiration on 31 August 2016 of the relevant Italian Motorway Concession, ATIVA manages the Turin-Ivrea-
Quincinetto motorway section, the Ivrea-Santhià, motorway section and the Turin Ring Road Motorway System (Sistema 
Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese) in a prorogatio regime. 
(6) The current Economic Financial Plan does not provide for the completion of the motorway link to Nogarole Rocca (81 km) but 
only the completion of a first functional lot at Trecasali-Terre Verdiane of approximately 12 km. 
 
Source: AISCAT — Associazione Italiana Società Concessionarie Autostrade e Trafori (“AISCAT 12/2022”) and ASTM Group’s 
internal data

--- Page 127 ---
118 
 
The table below sets forth the net toll revenues of each Italian Motorway Subsidiary for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Company 
Motorway 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
(€ in millions) 
SATAP 
A4 Turin - Milan ............................................................................. 
275.7 
247.2 
SATAP 
A21 Turin - Alessandria - Piacenza ................................................ 
176.3 
164.1 
SALT 
A12 Sestri Levante - Livorno, A11 Viareggio - Lucca, A15 
Fornola - La Spezia ......................................................................... 
189.6 
175.2 
SALT 
A15 Parma - La Spezia ................................................................... 
105.1 
97.3 
SAV 
A5 Quincinetto - Aosta ................................................................... 
68.4 
58.3 
ADF 
A10 Savona - Ventimiglia............................................................... 
158.4 
140.3 
ADF 
A6 Turin - Savona ........................................................................... 
73.2 
67.0 
AT CN 
A33 Asti - Cuneo ............................................................................ 
20.3 
18.9 
Autovia 
Padana 
A21 Piacenza - Cremona - Brescia 
69.2 
61.0 
ATIVA 
A55 Turin, Ring Road, Turin-Pinerolo, A5 Turin Quincinetto and 
Ivrea-Santhià ...................................................................................  
127.6 
116.3 
Total like-for-like(1) ........................................................................ 
1,263.8 
1,145.6 
SITAF 
A32 Turin - Bardonecchia, T4 Frejus tunnel .................................. 
172.3 
114.7 
 
Total ............................................................................................... 
1,436.1 
1,260.3 
_________ 
 
(1) Amounts net of traffic figures for Società Italiana per il Traforo Autostradale del Fréjus S.p.A., for which income statement figures 
are consolidated on a “line-by-line basis” as of 1 April 2021. 
 
The table below sets forth the EBITDA of each Italian Motorway Subsidiary for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
Company(2) 
Motorway 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
(€ in millions) 
SATAP 
A4 Turin - Milan ...................................................................................  
215.0 
187.6 
SATAP 
A21 Turin - Alessandria - Piacenza .......................................................  
119.7 
108.5 
SALT 
A12 Sestri Levante - Livorno, A11 Viareggio - Lucca, A15 Fornola - 
La Spezia ...............................................................................................  
109.3 
92.3 
SALT 
A15 Parma - La Spezia ..........................................................................  
63.8 
49.7 
SAV 
A5 Quincinetto - Aosta ..........................................................................  
43.9 
28.7 
ADF 
A10 Savona - Ventimiglia .....................................................................  
98.2 
101.4 
ADF 
A6 Turin - Savona .................................................................................  
37.8 
24.6 
AT CN 
A33 Asti - Cuneo ...................................................................................  
41.8 
32.0 
Autovia Padana 
A21 Piacenza - Cremona - Brescia .....................................................  
33.4 
25.3 
ATIVA 
A55 Turin, Ring Road, Turin-Pinerolo, A5 Turin Quincinetto and 
Ivrea-Santhià .........................................................................................  
82.7 
62.9 
Total like-for-like(1)...............................................................................  
845.6 
713.0

--- Page 128 ---
119 
 
SITAF 
A32 Turin - Bardonecchia, T4 Frejus tunnel .........................................  
128.0 
93.0 
 
Total ......................................................................................................  
973.6 
806.0 
_________ 
(1) 
Amounts net of toll revenues of Società Italiana per il Traforo Autostradale del Fréjus S.p.A., whose economic data were 
consolidated as of 1 April 2021. 
Italian motorway activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
 
Società Autostrada Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza S.p.A. 
Società Autostrada Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza S.p.A. (“SATAP”) is a joint stock company limited by shares 
(società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law on 29 July 1970.  Its registered office is at Via Bonzanigo 
22, 10144, Turin, Italy, and it is registered with the Companies’ Register of Turin under number 00486040017, 
Fiscal Code and VAT Number 00486040017. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, SATAP’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2070, subject 
to extension by resolution of the shareholders’ meeting. 
A21 stretch 
SATAP is, under a prorogatio regime, the concessionaire of the Ministry of Infrastructure and Transportation 
(Ministro delle infrastrutture e dei trasporti) (the “MIT”)(9) for the construction, management and operation of 
the A21 Turin-Alessandria-Piacenza motorway and for certain other works linking it to the external roadways.  
Following expiry of such Italian Motorway Concession on 30 June 2017, the MIT requested SATAP to continue 
to manage the A21 Turin-Alessandria-Piacenza motorway under the terms and conditions of the original 
concession agreement until the take-over of the concession by the incoming concessionaire, so as to ensure 
continuity in the provision of motorway services. 
On 20 September 2019, the MIT published the European invitation to tender for the selection of the new 
concessionaire for the management of the A21 Turin-Alessandria-Piacenza motorway, the A5 Turin-Ivrea-
Quincinetto motorway, the A4/A5 Ivrea-Santhià link road, the Turin-Pinerolo branch road and the Turin Ring 
Road Motorway System (Sistema Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese), as well as, with respect to safety 
measures for the existing infrastructure, the planning, construction and management of the existing 
infrastructure. 
After having submitted its tender documentation, in the prequalification phase the ASTM Group was notified 
that its Temporary Consortium of Companies (“Associazione temporanea di imprese - ATI) led by Società 
Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.A. (the “ATI SALT”) did not meet the requirements for participating in the tender 
because the leading company (mandataria) of the ATI SALT did not possess the so-called SOA (Società 
Organismi di Attestazione) certificate awarded to construction companies.  In response to this, the ASTM Group 
has submitted a claim to the competent Regional Administrative Court (Tribunale Amministrativo Regionale - 
TAR) of Lazio and the MIT agreed to admit the ASTM Group to the tender procedure subject to the positive 
adjudication of the abovementioned judicial proceedings. 
On 26 November 2020, the MIT decreed the award of the new concession to the ATI SALT based on the 
economic offer made and reiterated that the final award depended upon the judgement of the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lazio.  
On 15 January 2021, the Lazio Regional Administrative Court and on 20 April 2021 the Council of State (before 
which ASTM appealed the decision) confirmed that the exclusion of the ATI SALT during the pre-qualification 
stage was correct based on the tender requisites, as provided under the official tender documentation.  The ATI 
SALT appealed the judgement of the Council of State, presenting an appeal for revocation to the Council of 
State itself and an appeal to the Italian Court of Cassation for jurisdiction reasons (motivi di giurisdizione), 
asking that the matter be referred to the European Union Court of Justice due to an asserted violation of the EU 
law. 
                                                     
(9) 
On 4 November 2022, the Italian Council of Ministers approved the change to the name from Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure 
and Mobility (Ministro delle Infrastrutture e Mobilità Sostenibili - MIMS) into Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport (Ministro 
delle Infrastrutture e dei Trasporti - MIT).

--- Page 129 ---
120 
 
On 10 June 2021, the MIT revoked the previous decree of 26 November 2020 and awarded the concession to 
the second-placed competitor in the tender.  The ATI SALT appealed the awarding decree before the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lazio, requesting for its annulment and on 4 August 2021, the Regional Administrative 
Court of Lazio rejected the aforementioned pre-trial request.  
On 9 November 2021, the MIT declared the efficacy of the definitive award of the concession to the other 
participant of the tender. Following the appeal against the precautionary injunction of the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lazio proposed by SALT, on 18 November 2021 the Council of State (Consiglio di 
Stato) ordered the suspension of the awarding in favour of other participant of the tender, suspending the 
precautionary injunction of the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio issued on 4 August 2021. The legal 
proceedings in respect of the merit of the case, set for 13 July 2022, were postponed until a date yet to be 
established, pending the measures of the Council of State (revocation sentence). 
At the same time, in the revocation request filed by ATI SALT against the appeal judgement, which had 
confirmed the exclusion, the Council of State ordered the suspension of the efficacy of that judgement and the 
MIT stopped the signing of the concession contract. 
The Council of State among the trial sent the preliminary issue about the admissibility to the Plenary Meeting 
(Adunanza Plenaria). With reference to the substantial part of the trial, the judgment of the European Court of 
Justice dated 28 April 2022 rendered in the context of another case declared the incompatibility with the 
European Union legislation of the legal provision that the Council of State used for confirming the exclusion of 
ATI SALT.  
With Council of State ordinance No. 8436/2022 of 3 October 2022, the case was referred to the Plenary Meeting. 
The Plenary Meeting, with ordinance issued on 19 April 2023 rejected the referral and ordered that the case be 
returned to the competent section of the Council of State so that it could decide first other matters preliminary 
to the assessment of the incompatibility with the European Union legislation. The public hearing before the 
competent section has been scheduled for 5 October 2023. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ASTM Group continues to manage the relevant motorway stretches in a 
prorogatio regime. 
A4 stretch (and the related A33 cross-financing) 
SATAP is the concessionaire of the MIT for the construction, management and operation, until 
31 December 2026, of the 130.3 kilometres A4 Turin-Milan motorway and other works linking it to the external 
roadways. 
In July 2019, the ASTM Group transmitted to the MIT a proposal to deploy a cross-financing scheme to 
complete construction of the Asti-Cuneo motorway (see “- Autostrada Asti-Cuneo S.p.A.” below) by utilising 
the proceeds arising from the management of the A4 Turin-Milan motorway.  In May 2020, the CIPE approved 
the update/revision of the concessions and the EFPs (Economic and Financial Plans) of SATAP and AT-CN 
(as defined below) and provided for the subsequent signing by the two companies of two new additional deeds 
to update their respective concession agreements with the MIT.  On 30 October 2020, SATAP and Asti-Cuneo 
S.p.A. signed the additional deeds with the MIT for their respective concession agreements. 
On 7 January 2021, the interministerial decrees relating to the additional deeds to the respective concession 
agreements were signed by the MIT and the MEF.  They became fully effective following the registration of 
the aforementioned decrees by the Court of Auditors on 6 March 2021.  The new additional deeds require 
investments from SATAP A4 for a total of approximately €740 million, of which approximately €630 million 
for rebalancing and completion of the Asti-Cuneo motorway and the remainder for completion of investments 
on the stretch of its competence. 
For further information on AT-CN, see “– Autostrada Asti Cuneo S.p.A.” below.

--- Page 130 ---
121 
 
Revenues and financial indebtedness of SATAP 
The following table sets forth the revenues of SATAP from the above Italian Motorway Concessions for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues, of which:............................  
452.0 
93.1% 
411.3 
93.4% 
A4 Turin – Milan............................................  
275.7 
56.8% 
247.2 
56.1% 
A21 Turin – Alessandria – Piacenza ..............  
176.3 
36.3% 
164.1 
37.3% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
14.7 
3.0% 
10.8 
2.5% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
18.8 
3.9% 
18.2 
4.1% 
Total ..............................................................  
485.5 
100.0% 
440.3 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022 and ASTM Group internal data. 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of SATAP for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
185.6 
361.5 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
788.4 
976.7 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(140.1) 
(140.8) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
833.9 
1,197.4 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(919.3) 
(1,036.2) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
(85.4) 
161.2 
The financial statements of SATAP are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
 
Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. 
Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. (“SALT”) is a joint stock company limited by shares (società per azioni) 
incorporated under Italian law on 27 May 1961.  Its registered office is at Via Don Enrico Tazzoli 9, 55041 Lido 
di Camaiore, Lucca, Italy, and it is registered with the Companies’ Register of Lucca under 
number 00140570466, Fiscal Code and VAT Number 00140570466. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, SALT’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2040, subject 
to extension by resolution of its shareholders. 
A12 (Sestri Levante – Livorno) / A11 (Viareggio – Lucca) / A15 (Fornola – La Spezia) stretches 
SALT is, under a prorogatio regime, the concessionaire of the MIT for the construction, management and 
operation of (i) the A12 motorway (from Sestri Levante to Livorno), (ii) the A11 motorway (from Viareggio to 
Lucca) and (iii) the A15 motorway (from Fornola to La Spezia).  Following expiry of such Italian Motorway 
Concession on 31 July 2019, the MIT requested SALT to continue to manage such motorways under the terms 
and conditions of the original concession agreement until the take-over by the incoming concessionaire, so as 
to ensure continuity in the provision of motorway services. 
On 27 December 2019, the MIT published the European invitation to tender for the selection of the new 
concessionaire for the management of the A12 Sestri Levante – Livorno motorway, the A11/A12 Viareggio – 
Lucca motorway and the A15 fork for La Spezia motorway stretch – in respect of which the relevant Italian 
Motorway Concessions expired on 31 July 2019 – and the A10 Savona – Ventimiglia motorway (French border) 
– in respect of which the relevant Italian Motorway Concession expired on 30 November 2021 – and the 
planning and execution of works aimed at improving road infrastructure safety conditions.

--- Page 131 ---
122 
 
On 18 November 2020, the MIT awarded the concession to Itinera.  The second-place tenderer lodged an appeal 
for the annulment of the award which was rejected by the Lazio Regional Administrative Court on 23 June 
2021. The second-place tenderer filed an appeal against the Lazio Regional Administrative Court ruling, which 
was finally rejected by the Council of State (Consiglio di Stato) on 16 June 2022. On 13 October 2021, the MIT 
communicated to Itinera that on 11 October 2021 the European Commission issued its approval, required by 
the MIT, pursuant to paragraph 7-nonies of Directive 1999/62/EC.   
On 18 January 2022, the MIT and Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno S.p.A. entered into the concession 
agreement which was approved with an interministerial decree and registered with the Italian State Auditors’ 
Department (Corte dei Conti) on 1 June 2022.  
Concurrently, the second-place tenderer filed an appeal against the ministerial measure declaring the 
effectiveness of the award to Itinera, asking for its suspension before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court 
(Tribunale Amministrativo Regionale - TAR), which rejected the application. The same precautionary demand 
was however reiterated before the same Court with a request that the Chairperson adopt a monocratic decree 
granting the measure. The claim was rejected by a single judge and subsequently withdrawn by the claimant. 
The hearing for the merit of the case, originally set for 8 June 2022, was postponed to the hearing on 22 
November 2022 and it has been further postponed to 25 October 2023.  
Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno started implementing all the operative procedures in order to be 
ready to take-over the A10 and A12 motorway sections. For further information, see “– Società di Progetto 
Concessioni del Tirreno S.p.A.” below.  
A15 Parma – La Spezia stretch / Parma – Terre Verdiane section 
SALT is the concessionaire of the MIT for (i) the construction, management and operation of the A15 Parma-La 
Spezia motorway and for certain other works in order to link it to Mantova and (ii) the construction of the first 
15 kilometres (i.e., the Parma – Terre Verdiane section) of the motorway linking Parma to the Autostrade del 
Brennero motorway.  Such Italian Motorway Concession expires on 31 December 2031. 
Revenues and financial indebtedness of SALT 
The following table sets forth the revenues of SALT from the above Italian Motorway Concessions for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

--- Page 132 ---
123 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues, of which:............................  
294.7 
92.9% 
272.5 
92.7% 
A12 Livorno-Sestri Levante, A11 Viareggio-
Lucca and A15 Fornola-La Spezia ..............  
189.6 
59.8% 
175.2 
59.6% 
A15 Parma-La Spezia (and connection with 
the Autostrade del Brennero motorway) .....  
105.1 
33.1% 
97.3 
33.1% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
11.1 
3.5% 
9.0 
3.1% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
11.3 
3.6% 
12.4 
4.2% 
Total ..............................................................  
317.1 
100.0% 
293.9 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022 and ASTM Group internal data. 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of SALT for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
87.3 
38.9 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
603.1 
486.8 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(165.5) 
(9.3) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
524.9 
516.4 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(220.7) 
(300.8) 
Net financial indetbedness ..................................................................................................  
304.2 
215.6 
The financial statements of SALT are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
 
Società Autostrade Valdostane S.p.A. 
Società Autostrade Valdostane S.p.A. (“SAV”) is a joint stock company limited by shares (società per azioni) 
incorporated under Italian law on 17 November 1962.  Its registered office is at Strada Barat 13, 11024 Chatillon 
(Aosta), Italy, and it is registered with the Companies Register of Aosta under number 00040490070, Fiscal 
Code and VAT Number 00040490070. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, SAV’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2040, subject 
to extension by resolution of its shareholders. 
SAV is the concessionaire of the MIT for the construction, management and operation of: (i) the 59.5 kilometres 
long A5 Quincinetto – Aosta Ovest motorway; (ii) the intersection between the A5 motorway; and (iii) the 
freeway in the direction of Gran San Bernardo.  This Italian Motorway Concession expires on 
31 December 2032. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of SAV with respect to the above Italian Motorway Concession for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues.............................................  
68.4 
90.5% 
58.4 
89.3% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
1.1 
1.5% 
0.7 
1.1% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
6.1 
8.1% 
6.3 
9.6% 
Total ..............................................................  
75.6 
100.0% 
65.4 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022 and ASTM Group internal data.

--- Page 133 ---
124 
 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of SAV for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
102.4 
1.7 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
12.6 
10.4 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(2.7) 
(16.8) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
112.3 
(4.7) 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(159.8) 
(40.1) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
(47.5) 
(44.8) 
The financial statements of SAV are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
 
Autostrada dei Fiori S.p.A. 
Autostrada dei Fiori S.p.A. (“ADF”) is a joint stock company limited by shares (società per azioni) incorporated 
under Italian law on 30 July 1960.  Its registered office is at Via della Repubblica 46, 18100 Imperia, Italy, and 
it is registered with the Companies’ Register of Imperia under number 00111080099, Fiscal Code and VAT 
Number 00111080099. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, ADF’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2040, subject 
to extension by resolution of its shareholders. 
ADF is the concessionaire of the MIT for (a) the construction, management and operation of the A10 
Savona-Ventimiglia French border motorway and for certain other works linking it to the external roadways 
under a prorogatio regime and (b) the management and operation of approximately 130 kilometres of the A6 
motorway connecting Turin to Savona on the Ligurian coastline up to 31 December 2038. After the expiration 
of the A10 concession on 30 November 2021, the MIT requested ADF to continue to manage such motorways 
under the terms and conditions of the original concession agreement until the take-over by the incoming 
concessionaire, so as to ensure continuity in the provision of motorway services. 
The tender procedure related to the A10 Savona-Ventimiglia motorway section is described under the paragraph 
headed “– Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. A12 (Sestri Levante – Livorno) / A11 (Viareggio – Lucca) / 
A15 (Fornola – La Spezia) stretches” above. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of ADF with respect to the above Italian Motorway Concession for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues, of which:............................  
231.6 
92.5% 
207.3 
85.9% 
A10 Savona-Ventimiglia ................................  
158.4 
63.3% 
140.3 
58.1% 
A6 Turin-Savona ............................................  
73.2 
29.2% 
67.0 
27.8% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
7.5 
3.0% 
5.8 
2.4% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
11.2 
4.5% 
28.2 
11.7% 
Total ..............................................................  
250.3 
100.0% 
241.3 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022 and ASTM Group internal data. 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of ADF for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021. 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021

--- Page 134 ---
125 
 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
62.3 
35.2 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
522.7 
389.7 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(30.9) 
(28.9) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
554.1 
396.0 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(454.6) 
(281.1) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
99.5 
114.9 
The financial statements of ADF are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
 
Autostrada Asti-Cuneo S.p.A. 
Autostrada Asti-Cuneo S.p.A. (“AT-CN”) is a joint stock company limited by shares (società per azioni) 
incorporated under Italian law on 23 March 2006.  Its registered office is at Via XX Settembre 98/E, 00187, 
Rome, Italy, and it is registered with the Companies Register of Rome under number 08904401000, Fiscal Code 
and VAT Number 08904401000. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, AT-CN’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2050, subject 
to extension by resolution of its shareholders. 
AT-CN is the concessionaire of the MIT for the construction, management and operation of the Autostrada delle 
Langhe motorway (which also includes both the Massimini-Cuneo and the Asti Est-Marene motorway sections).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 60.5 kilometres are open to traffic. The final lot of the project is expected 
to occur in 2024. 
The expiry date of this Italian Motorway Concession falls on 31 December 2031. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of AT-CN from the above Italian Motorway Concession for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues.............................................  
20.3 
31.1% 
18.9 
34.6% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
0.0 
0.0% 
0 
0.0% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
45.0 
68.9% 
35.8 
65.4% 
Total ..............................................................  
65.3 
100.0% 
54.7 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022. 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of AT-CN for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
80.1 
18.3 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
10.3 
9.6 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(1.2) 
(332.8) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
89.2 
(304.9) 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(99.6) 
(0.1) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
(10.4) 
(305.0) 
The financial statements of AT-CN are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
With reference to the cross-financing operation, see “– Società Autostrada Torino Alessandria Piacenza S.p.A. 
– A4 stretch (and the related A33 cross-financing)” above.

--- Page 135 ---
126 
 
 
Società di Progetto Autovia Padana S.p.A. 
Società di progetto Autovia Padana S.p.A. (“Autovia Padana”) is a joint stock company limited by shares 
(società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law on 2 December 2015.  Its registered office is at Strada 
Provinciale 211 della Lomellina 3/13, 15057 Tortona (AL) and it is registered with the Companies Register of 
Alessandria under number 02490760069, Fiscal Code and VAT Number 02490760069. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, Autovia Padana’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2070, 
subject to extension by resolution of its shareholders. 
Autovia Padana was incorporated in the context of the tender process for the award of the concession for the 
construction, management and maintenance activities in relation to the A21 Piacenza‐Cremona‐Brescia 
motorway section and the extension to Fiorenzuola d’Arda (PC) and, with effect from 2 December 2015, it 
replaced the temporary consortium (70% held by SATAP and 30% held by ITINERA) that participated in and 
won the tender process. 
On 31 May 2017, Autovia Padana and the MIT entered into the concession agreement for the construction, 
management and maintenance activities relating to the A21 Piacenza‐Cremona‐Brescia motorway section and 
the extension to Fiorenzuola d’Arda (PC).  The concession was approved by Interministerial Decree No. 453 
dated 5 October 2017 which was registered with the Italian State Auditors’ Department (Corte dei Conti) on 
22 December 2017. 
On 28 February 2018, Autovia Padana and the MIT signed the agreement governing the step-in of Autovia 
Padana in the concession.  Autovia Padana paid (i) step-in compensation (valore di subentro) of €260 million 
plus €55 million of VAT to the outgoing concessionaire Autostrade Centro Padane S.p.A., a joint stock company 
in which ASTM held a 9.5% indirect stake, which managed, under a prorogatio regime, the concession of the 
motorway linking Piacenza and Brescia which expired on 30 September 2011 and (ii) concession fees for 
€41 million to the MIT, for an overall disbursement under (i) and (ii) above of €356 million. 
The Italian Motorway Concession awarded to Autovia Padana became effective as of 1 March 2018 and is due 
to expire on 28 February 2043. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of Autovia Padana from the above Italian Motorway Concession for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues.............................................  
69.2 
95.3% 
60.9 
95.3% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
0.8 
1.1% 
0.8 
1.3% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
2.6 
3.6% 
2.2 
3.4% 
Total ..............................................................  
72.6 
100.0% 
63.9 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022

--- Page 136 ---
127 
 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of Autovia Padana for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021. 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
8.8 
7.8 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
18.7 
16.4 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(12.3) 
(11.3) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
15.2 
12.9 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(254.2) 
(211.0) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
(239.0) 
(198.1) 
The financial statements of Autovia Padana are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
 
Autostrada Torino Ivrea Valle d’Aosta S.p.A. 
Autostrada Torino Ivrea Valle d’Aosta S.p.A. (“ATIVA”) is a joint stock company limited by shares (società 
per azioni) incorporated under Italian law on 2 August 1954.  Its registered office is at Strada della Cebrosa 86, 
10156 Turin, and it is registered with the Companies’ Register of Turin, Fiscal Code and VAT 
number 00955370010. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, ATIVA’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2050, subject 
to extension by resolution of its shareholders. 
ATIVA is, under a prorogatio regime, the concessionaire of the MIT for the construction, management and 
operation of the A5 Turin-Ivrea-Valle d’Aosta motorway and of the A4/A5 Ivrea-Santhià motorway (which are 
in aggregate 74.8 kilometres long) as well as 56.7 kilometres of the Turin Ring Road Motorway System (Sistema 
Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese) and of the 24.3 kilometres long motorway between Turin and Pinerolo.  
Prior to expiry of such Italian Motorway Concession on 31 August 2016, the MIT requested ATIVA to continue 
to manage the motorway under the terms and conditions of the original concession agreement until the take-
over by the incoming concessionaire, so as to ensure continuity in the provision of motorway services. 
On 20 September 2019, the MIT published the European call to tender for the selection of the new 
concessionaire for the management of the A21 Turin-Alessandria-Piacenza motorway, the A5 Turin-Ivrea-
Quincinetto motorway, the A4/A5 Ivrea-Santhià link road, the Turin-Pinerolo branch road and the Turin Ring 
Road Motorway System (Sistema Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese), as well as, with respect to safety 
measures for the existing infrastructure, the planning, construction and management of the same (for further 
information, see “– Società Autostrada Torino Alessandria Piacenza S.p.A. – A21 stretch” above). 
On 14 November 2019, ASTM, SIAS and Mattioda Autostrade S.p.A. (“Mattioda Autostrade”), pursuant to a 
previous arrangement, entered into an agreement for the acquisition by the ASTM Group from Mattioda Group 
of an equity interest equal to (i) 10.19% of the share capital of SITAF for a consideration equal to €53.6 million 
and (ii) 31.17% of the share capital of ATIVA for a consideration equal to €48.9 million, subject to price 
adjustment linked to the net indemnity amount due at the time of the take-over by the new concessionaire (the 
“ATIVA-SITAF Agreement”).  On 3 February 2020, upon receipt of the authorisation from the MIT, the 
shares formerly held by Mattioda Autostrade were definitively assigned to ASTM. 
The ATIVA-SITAF Agreement provides for, inter alia:  (i) the right of Mattioda Autostrade to appoint a director 
and a statutory auditor of ATIVA, regardless of the equity interest held in ATIVA’s share capital, or to retain a 
director and/or a statutory auditor (on 14 November 2019, Mattioda Autostrade decided to retain a director and 
a statutory auditor of ATIVA); (ii) a tag along right in favour of Mattioda Autostrade in the event of the sale to 
third parties, by ASTM or SIAS, of their equity interest held in ATIVA, in order to allow Mattioda Autostrade 
to dispose of its entire equity interest at that time; (iii) the undertaking of ASTM and Mattioda Autostrade to 
ensure that the shareholders’ meeting of ATIVA will not resolve to put the company into liquidation until the 
take-over of the new concessionaire; and (iv) in the event of the award by the ASTM Group of the tender 
procedure referred to above launched by the MIT, (a) the granting by the ASTM Group in favour of Mattioda 
Autostrade of a call option to acquire a 10% equity interest in the project company that wins the tender process, 
for a consideration equal to the pro quota of the shareholders’ equity, (b) the right of Mattioda Autostrade to

--- Page 137 ---
128 
 
appoint a director and a statutory auditor of the project company that wins the tender process and (c) the 
undertaking of the ASTM Group to ensure that, to the extent permitted by applicable law and the concession 
agreement, the Mattioda Group is entrusted with all the works and services relating to maintenance and the 
works to be carried out on the A5 section under the terms and conditions resulting from the award of the tender 
procedure of the A21/A5 motorways. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of ATIVA from the above Italian Motorway Concession for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues.............................................  
127.6 
82.0% 
116.4 
93.5% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
4.2 
2.7% 
4.1 
3.3% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
23.8 
15.3% 
4.0 
3.2% 
Total ..............................................................  
155.6 
100.0% 
124.5 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of ATIVA for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021. 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
75.5 
77.9 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
316.6 
256.6 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(3.0) 
(3.8) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
389.1 
330.7 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(2.2) 
(2.5) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
386.9 
328.2 
 
 
Società Italiana per il Traforo Autostradale del Fréjus S.p.A. 
Società Italiana per il Traforo Autostradale del Fréjus S.p.A. (“SITAF”) is a joint stock company limited by 
shares (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law.  Its registered office is at Fr. S. Giuliano, 2, 10059 
Susa (Turin), and it is registered with the Companies’ Register of Turin, Fiscal Code and VAT 
number 00513170019. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, SITAF’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2075, subject 
to extension by resolution of its shareholders. 
SITAF is the concessionaire of the 81.1 kilometres long A32 motorway between Turin and Bardonecchia and 
of the motorway Fréjus Tunnel (T4) linking the Republic of Italy to the Republic of France.  The above 
concession expires on 31 December 2050. 
Following the implementation of the acquisition pursuant to the ATIVA-SITAF Agreement, the ASTM Group 
purchased from Mattioda Group an equity interest equal to 10.19% of the share capital of SITAF (for further 
information, see “– Italian Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries – Autostrada Torino Ivrea 
Valle d’Aosta S.p.A.” above). 
On 21 February 2020, Finanziaria Città di Torino Holding S.p.A., a financial company of the Municipality of 
Turin, published a public tender notice concerning the sale of the shareholding held by the same (equal to 10.653 
%) in the share capital of SITAF pursuant to Council of State (Consiglio di Stato) Judgment No. 7393/2019.  
The basic tender amount for the aforementioned total quota was €86 million, with the expectation that only 
equal or higher bids were to be admitted.  ASTM, having the necessary participation requirements, submitted 
its expression of interest on 11 March 2020.  On the same date (with publication on 13 March 2020), Finanziaria 
Città di Torino Holding S.p.A. issued a further notice through which it informed the interested parties that the

--- Page 138 ---
129 
 
sale would also involve the shares of the Metropolitan City (former Province) of Turin, increasing from a 10.653 
% shareholding in the share capital of SITAF to an aggregate shareholding of 19.347%, with a new basic tender 
price set at €156 million. 
ASTM has been awarded the public tender for the acquisition of the 19.347% equity interest in the share capital 
of SITAF for a consideration equal to €272 million.  Accordingly, as of 27 October 2020, ASTM came to hold 
a 67.22%, direct and indirect, shareholding. 
Even if the ASTM Group held the majority of voting rights, pursuant to IFRS 10 (the international accounting 
standard which governs rules for the consolidated financial statements), as at 31 December 2020 these voting 
rights were not substantial and hence did not guarantee ASTM control over SITAF as at such date.  SITAF 
results are consolidated on a “line-by-line basis” in the ASTM consolidated financial statements as of 
1 April 2021. Prior to such date, SITAF was consolidated using the “equity method”. 
In April 2022, ASTM purchased additional No. 110,000 SITAF shares equal to 0.8729% of its share capital for 
a consideration of €6.6 million. Following such purchase, ASTM shareholding in SITAF increased to 68.09% 
of its share capital. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of SITAF from the above Italian Motorway Concession for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Net toll revenues.............................................  
172.3 
83.2% 
147.4 
74.3% 
Royalties from service areas ...........................  
0.7 
0.3% 
1.2 
0.6% 
Other revenues ...............................................  
34.1 
16.5% 
49.9 
25.1% 
Total ..............................................................  
207.1 
100.0% 
198.5 
100.0% 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022  
 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of SITAF for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021. 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
22.1 
26.4 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
54.3 
41.5 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(88.7) 
(46.7) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
(12.3) 
21.2 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(203.6) 
(255.0) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
(215.9) 
(233.8) 
 
 
Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno S.p.A. 
Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno S.p.A. (“Concessioni del Tirreno”) is a joint stock company 
limited by shares (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law on 9 December 2021.  Its registered office 
is at Strada Statale 10 per Alessandria nr. 6/A, 15057 Tortona (AL), Italy, and it is registered with the 
Companies’ Register of Alessandria under number 02679930061, Fiscal Code and VAT Number 02679930061. 
Pursuant to its articles of association, Concessioni del Tirreno’s term of incorporation shall last until 31 
December 2050, subject to extension by resolution of the shareholders’ meeting. 
Following the definitive award by the MIT in January 2022, Concessioni del Tirreno is expected to manage and 
operate (i) the A12 Sestri Levante – Livorno motorway, the A11/A12 Viareggio – Lucca motorway, (ii) the A15 
fork for La Spezia motorway stretch and (iii) the A10 Savona – Ventimiglia motorway (French border). The

--- Page 139 ---
130 
 
concession is expected to last 11 years and 6 months starting from the takeover date, which has not been set as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
On 18 January 2022, the MIT and Concessioni del Tirreno entered into the concession agreement which was 
approved with an interministerial decree and registered with the Italian State Auditors’ Department (Corte dei 
Conti) on 1 June 2022.  
Concessioni del Tirreno started implementing all the operative procedures in order to be ready to take-over the 
A10 and A12 motorway sections. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the company is waiting for the MIT 
and the outgoing concessionaires SALT and ADF to complete the procedures and the timeline for the handover 
of the involved assets as well as the determination of the calculation methodology and the quantification of the 
final terminal values to be recognized and paid by SPCT to the outgoing concessionaires. 
For further information on the award procedure and the pending litigation in this respect, see “– Società 
Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. – A12 (Sestri Levante – Livorno) / A11 (Viareggio – Lucca) / A15 (Fornola – 
La Spezia) stretches” above. 
Italian Motorway Activities – Other equity interests 
 
Tangenziale Esterna S.p.A.  
Tangenziale Esterna S.p.A. (“TE”) is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law, 
having its registered office at Casello A58-TEEM-20060 Pozzuolo Martesana (Milan). 
TE is the company holding the concession for the design, construction and management of the A58 external 
eastern ring road of Milan.  The ring road consists of a 32 km stretch connecting Agrate Brianza (interconnection 
with the A4 motorway) and Melegnano (interconnection with the A1 motorway) which is also linked to the A35 
Brescia-Bergamo-Milano motorway.  The first seven kilometres of the so called “Arco TEEM” connecting the 
A35 to the Milan area were completed in July 2014 and the remaining 25 kilometres were completed at the end 
of April 2015 and opened to traffic on 16 May 2015.  The TE concession is due to expire on 30 April 2065. 
In June 2013, TE was awarded a public grant of €330 million pursuant to Law Decree No. 69/2013 (the 
so-called “Decreto del Fare”) to be disbursed subject to certain conditions being met, including without 
limitation, the availability to TE of a medium/long-term senior loan of approximately €1 billion.  On 
11 November 2013, Concessioni Autostradali Lombarde S.p.A. (“CAL”) and TE entered into a second 
additional deed to the single concession (i.e., the agreement documenting the terms and conditions of the 
concession) to which an updated version of the financial plan, prepared, inter alia, to take into account the 
above-mentioned €330 million public grant, was attached.  Such additional deed was approved by the MIT and 
as at 30 June 2019, the public grant was fully disbursed. 
In accordance with the provisions of an investment agreement and a five-year shareholders’ agreement entered 
into in 2013 (the “2013 Shareholders’ Agreement”) among SIAS, SATAP and Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (“ISP”) 
governing the recapitalisation and re-organisation of the corporate governance of Tangenziali Esterne di Milano 
S.p.A. (“TEM”), TE, Autostrade Lombarde S.p.A. (“AL”) and Società di Progetto Autostrada Diretta Brescia 
Milano S.p.A. (“BreBeMi”), TE was subject to the joint control of the ASTM Group and ISP, holding in 
aggregate 61.9% of its share capital (of which 47.66% by TEM, 2.58% by ISP, 3.18% by AL, 8.47% by the 
ASTM Group and 10.23% by Itinera). 
On 28 July 2017, SIAS and SATAP signed an agreement with ISP to separate their respective investments in 
TEM, TE, AL and BreBeMi providing that (i) SIAS would focus on its investments in TEM and TE and (ii) ISP 
would focus on its investments in AL and BreBeMi (the “2017 ISP Agreement”). 
Following the implementation of the divestment process in accordance with the 2017 ISP Agreement, other 
related transactions between SIAS and Itinera and additional subsequent purchases, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus the ASTM Group (a) holds, directly, 114,920,626 shares of TE representing approximately 24.717% 
of its share capital and, indirectly through TEM (a company 50% owned by the ASTM Group), 225,025,057 
shares of TE, representing approximately 48.398% of its share capital, for a total, direct and indirect, 
shareholding of 48.916% in TE share capital and (b) no longer holds any equity interest in the share capital of 
AL and BreBeMi.

--- Page 140 ---
131 
 
On 17 January 2023, ASTM entered into an agreement for the purchase by ASTM (or a third party to be 
designated by it) of an additional up to 4.185% equity interest in TE share capital and the transfer of an interest 
bearing shareholder loan of €4,812,750 in nominal amount granted to TE (or, in the event that the shareholder 
loan is converted, in whole or in part, into TE shares, for the purchase of the newly issued shares resulting from 
the conversion of such loan). The purchase and transfer is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, 
including, inter alia, the transfer of the assets of the entity currently holding the above equity interest in TE to 
the seller, the approval of the composition with creditors filed by the seller, the execution of a pre-emption 
tender in respect of the above equity interest to TE’s other shareholders (or the withdrawal from such TE’s other 
shareholders of their pre-emption rights). In addition, on 17 February 2023, Itinera entered into an agreement 
for the purchase by it (or a third party to be designated by it) of a 0.2073% equity interest in TE share capital, 
subject to the failure of the TE’s other shareholders to exercise their pre-emption rights in the context of the 
pre-emption tender in respect of the above equity interest (or the withdrawal from such TE’s other shareholders 
of their pre-emption rights). On 20 February 2023, Itinera designated ASTM as purchaser of the mentioned 
0.2073% equity interest. TE’s other shareholders did not exercise their pre-emption rights within the relevant 
period provided under its by-laws and therefore ASTM is in the process of acquiring the aforementioned equity 
interest. 
 
Società Italiana Traforo del Gran San Bernardo S.p.A. 
Società Italiana Traforo del Gran San Bernardo S.p.A. (“SITRASB”) is a joint stock company limited by shares 
(società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law in 1957, having its registered office at Via Chambery 51, 
11100 Aosta. 
SITRASB administers 50% of the Gran San Bernardo Tunnel linking the Republic of Italy to Switzerland, plus 
the highway links leading to the tunnel entrance on the Italian side.  The above concession expires on 
31 December 2034. 
The Issuer indirectly owns a number of shares equal to 36.5% of the share capital of SITRASB.  SITRASB’s 
reference shareholder is Regione Autonoma Valle d’Aosta, which owns 63.5% of its share capital. 
Other information on Italian Motorway Activities 
Traffic 
The table below sets forth traffic volumes (measured by the number of kilometres travelled) of the ASTM Group 
Italian Network (which, for this purpose, does not include Autovia Padana, ATIVA and SITAF traffic volumes)

--- Page 141 ---
132 
 
both for light vehicles and heavy vehicles, and the percentage variation from year to year for each of the 
foregoing categories, for the period 2007-2022. 
As at 31 December 
Light 
Vehicles 
Annual % 
Increase / 
(Decrease) 
Heavy 
Vehicles 
Annual % 
Increase / 
(Decrease) 
Total 
Vehicles 
Annual % 
Increase / 
(Decrease) of 
traffic 
(in % and in millions of kilometres) 
2007 ............. 
7,594 
2.30% 
2,537 
1.70% 
10,131 
2.20% 
2008 ............. 
7,574 
-0.30% 
2,492 
-1.80% 
10,066 
-0.60% 
2009 ............. 
7,734 
2.10% 
2,294 
-7.90% 
10,027 
-0.40% 
2010 ............. 
7,721 
-0.20% 
2,387 
4.10% 
10,108 
0.80% 
2011 ............. 
7,620 
-1.30% 
2,379 
-0.30% 
9,999 
-1.10% 
2012 ............. 
7,042 
-7.60% 
2,205 
-7.30% 
9,247 
-7.50% 
2013 ............. 
6,869 
-2.50% 
2,148 
-2.60% 
9,017 
-2.50% 
2014 ............. 
6,933 
0.90% 
2,162 
0.70% 
9,095 
0.90% 
2015 ............. 
7,150 
3.10% 
2,233 
3.30% 
9,383 
3.20% 
2016 ............. 
7,264 
1.59% 
2,293 
2.67% 
9,557 
1.85% 
2017 ............. 
7,370 
1.46% 
2,371 
3.41% 
9,741 
1.93% 
2018 ............. 
7,301 
-0.95% 
2,418 
2.00% 
9,719 
-0.23% 
2019 ............. 
7,290 
-0.09% 
2,450 
1.39% 
9,740 
0.29% 
2020 ............. 
4,824 
-33.83% 
2,156 
-12.00% 
6,980 
-28.3% 
2021 ............. 
6,124 
26.89% 
2,490 
15.49% 
8,614 
23.37% 
2022………
… 
7,112 
16.13% 
2,575 
3.38% 
9,686 
12.45% 
_________ 
Source:  ASTM Group’s internal data. 
During 2020 and 2021 traffic volumes were heavily impacted by continued restrictions on travels due to the 
Covid-19 pandemic. 
The composition of the traffic volumes in the 2007-2022 period is represented by “light vehicles” for 
approximately 75% of the number of kilometres travelled and by “heavy vehicles” for the remaining 
approximately 25%. 
The table below sets forth traffic volumes on the ASTM Group Italian Network for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
Company 
Motorway 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
Light 
Vehicles 
Heavy 
Vehicles 
Light 
Vehicles 
Heavy 
Vehicles 
Total 
(in millions of kilometres) 
SATAP 
A4 Torino-Milano  
1,667.3 
628.7 
1,396.9 
613.2 
2,296.0 
2,010.1 
SATAP 
A21 
Torino-Alessandria-Piacenza  
1,253.0 
702.2 
1,105.7 
683.9 
1,955.2 
1,789.6 
SALT 
A12 Livorno-Sestri Levante, 
A11 Viareggio-Lucca, A15 
Fornola-La Spezia  
1,495.4 
389.4 
1,334.6 
382.8 
1,884.8 
1,717.4 
SALT 
A15 Parma-La Spezia  
664.9 
204.7 
585.0 
203.0 
869.6 
788.0 
SAV 
A5 Quincinetto-Aosta, 
Raccordo A5-SS27 del Gran 
San Bernardo  
277.8 
77.1 
213.0 
75.7 
354.9 
288.7 
ADF 
A10 
Savona-Ventimiglia-Confine 
Francese  
882.8 
321.8 
717.3 
307.7 
1,204.6 
1,025.0

--- Page 142 ---
133 
 
ADF 
A6 Torino-Savona  
755.7 
186.8 
668.6 
182.7 
942.5 
851.3 
AT-CN 
A33 Asti-Cuneo  
115.7 
42.7 
103.5 
41.3 
158.4 
144.8 
Autovia 
Padana 
A21 Piacenza-Brescia  
614.3 
364.4 
535.9 
356.7 
978.7 
892.6 
ATIVA 
A5-A55 Turin Ring Road), 
Turin - Quincinetto, Ivrea–
Santhià and Turin-Pinerolo  
1,460.7 
349.4 
1,291.2 
341.6 
1,810.1 
1,632.8 
Total ASTM Group Italian 
Network  
9,187.6 
3,267.2 
7,951.7 
3,188.6 
12,454.8 
11,140.3 
SITAF 
A32 Turin-Bardonecchia 
246.3 
115.0 
163.4 
78.6 
361.3 
242.0 
Total effective ASTM Group 
Italian Network  
9,433.9 
3,382.2 
8,115.1 
3,267.2 
12,816.1 
11,382.3 
(in thousands of journeys) 
SITAF 
T4 Frejus Tunnel 
1,094.1 
927.6 
641.3 
641.7 
2,021.7 
1,283.0 
_________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022. 
The intensity and levels of traffic flows vary across the different sections of the ASTM Group Italian Network, 
depending on a number of factors, including both the geography and the level of economic activity in which the 
particular section of motorway is located as well as the weather conditions.  In particular, the highest levels of 
traffic flows are recorded for motorways close to metropolitan or urban areas.  Furthermore, during peak periods, 
on a given day or as a result of seasonal factors, traffic can vary significantly from the average daily traffic. 
In general, during 2020 and 2021, traffic volumes were heavily impacted by continued restrictions on travels 
due to the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Tariffs 
Historically, net toll revenues have constituted the principal source of the ASTM Group’s revenues, representing 
approximately 61% and 51% of the ASTM Group’s revenues for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021, respectively. Toll revenues are a function of traffic volumes and tariffs charged.  In general, 
the toll rates applied to the ASTM Group Italian Network are proportionally linked to the distance travelled, the 
type of vehicle used and the characteristics of the infrastructure (for example, tolls on mountain motorways, 
which have greater construction and maintenance costs, are higher than those on level ground motorways).  A 
vehicle classification system is applied to most of the motorways in the ASTM Group Italian Network for the 
purpose of determining toll rates. 
Toll collections are subject to a surcharge that is remitted to the MIT and the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
(the “Surcharge”).  The Surcharge was set in the 2008 “budget law” with a charge per kilometre for cars that 
from 2011 is €0.0060, and a charge per kilometre for trucks that from 2011 is €0.0180. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, all tolls charged on the ASTM Group Italian Network are additionally subject to 
22% value-added-tax (“VAT”).  For further information, see “Regulatory – Concession Fees and Surcharges”.

--- Page 143 ---
134 
 
The following table sets forth tariffs (excluding VAT and Surcharges) charged by each Italian Motorway 
Subsidiary indicated below in the relevant vehicle classes from 1 January 2023.  
 
Tariff by Vehicle Class 
charged from 1/1/2023(1) 
Company 
Motorway 
Light Vehicles 
Heavy Vehicles 
A 
B 
3 
4 
5 
 
 
(€/Kilometres) 
SATAP 
A4 Turin – Novara Est .........................................  
0.10311 
0.10577 
0.12158 
0.20095 
0.24322 
 
A4 Novara Est – Milan ........................................  
0.10596 
0.10868 
0.12496 
0.20650 
0.24990 
 
A21 Turin – Alessandria – Piacenza (Level 
Ground)................................................................  
0.06534 
0.06705 
0.07708 
0.12740 
0.15421 
 
A21 Turin – Alessandria – Piacenza (Mountain) 
0.07843 
0.08470 
0.09251 
0.15285 
0.18506 
SAV 
A5 Quincinetto-Aosta ..........................................  
0.16469 
0.16889 
0.21951 
0.35464 
0.41379 
SALT 
A12 Livorno – Sestri Levante, A11 Viareggio – 
Lucca, A15 Fornola – La Spezia (Level Ground)  
0.07368 
0.07554 
0.09822 
0.15864 
0.18509 
 
A12 Livorno – Sestri Levante, A11 Viareggio – 
Lucca, A15 Fornola – La Spezia (Mountain) .......  
0.11049 
0.11333 
0.14731 
0.23796 
0.27762 
 
A15 Parma –La Spezia ........................................  
0.09907 
0.10164 
0.13209 
0.21337 
0.24895 
ADF 
A10 Savona – Ventimiglia ...................................  
0.09951 
0.11735 
0.18365 
0.24491 
0.28570 
 
A6 Turin – Savona ...............................................  
0.06846 
0.07020 
0.09127 
0.14741 
0.17205 
AT CN 
A33 Asti – Cuneo ................................................  
0.10111 
0.12748 
0.19953 
0.26602 
0.31040 
AUTOVIA 
A21 Piacenza – Brescia .......................................  
0.05712 
0.05860 
0.06738 
0.11137 
0.13476 
 
A21 Tangenziale Brescia Sud…………………. 
0.08763 
0.09996 
0.11499 
0.18998 
0.22990 
ATIVA 
A5-A55 Turin Ring Road), Turin –Quincinetto, 
Ivrea –Santhià and Turin-Pinerolo .......................  
0.06265 
0.06423 
0.08349 
0.13490 
0.15739 
SITAF 
Avigliana Toll Station ..........................................  
0.12042 
0.14267 
0.22361 
0.29749 
0.34708 
 
Salbertrand Toll Station .......................................  
0.11815 
0.13996 
0.21940 
0.29187 
0.34054 
The following table shows the weighted average tariff increases for 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
% 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023(2) 
Weighted average tariffs increases .............  
0.26% 
0.17% 
0.50% 
1.86% 
 
(1) 
The table does not include the tariff applied to Fréjus Tunnel (T4) managed by SITAF, considering that T4 tariffs are based on 
transit and not kilometres travelled. 
(2) 
Includes tariffs increases applicable as of 1 January 2023 on the Fréjus Tunnel (T4) managed by SITAF. 
Toll Collection  
The Italian motorway network is an “interconnected” network, which allows the user to cover several motorway 
sections – managed by different concessionaires – and to pay the total toll in a single transaction.  The company 
that manages the transaction at the exit plaza then allocates the toll fee portion due to each concessionaire, on 
the basis of the provisions of the interconnection agreement signed between the motorway companies on 
12 November 1992. 
The ASTM Group is increasing the introduction of automated payment points on the ASTM Group Italian 
Network in order to shorten payment and waiting times at toll stations and thereby increase traffic flows, as well 
as to reduce the number of personnel required for toll collection.  Each toll station is currently equipped for both 
automated and self-service payment, allowing all available payment means to the customers.

--- Page 144 ---
135 
 
Users of the ASTM Group Italian Network are permitted to choose between a wide range of automated payment 
systems, including: 
 
Electronic toll collection system that operates via the dialogue between an on-board unit in the vehicle 
and antenna in the lane, allowing non-stop transit and toll collection which is tied to an account holder’s 
current account or to a co-branded credit card. The technology is compliant with the European standards 
(ETSI EN 200674-1) and several toll service providers are active (i.e. Telepass, DKV, Axxès, 
UnipolTech, etc.); 
 
“Viacard” payments, which permit users to charge tolls either through (i) the “Prepaid Viacard” system, 
whereby users purchase Viacards that contain varying amounts of prepaid credits for the payment of 
tolls, or (ii) the “Current Account Viacard” or “Viacard Plus”, both of which are deferred payment 
systems in which customers’ current accounts are directly debited on a periodic basis for payment by 
the account holder for tolls and other services provided in the service areas; 
 
“Fast Pay”, which permits toll charges to be debited from personal banking cards; in addition, since 
2021 all toll lanes are equipped with full EMV compliant contact-less card readers to further simplify 
and speed up the payment process;  
 
credit card payments, which have been accepted on the entire ASTM Group Italian Network since 1998; 
and 
 
note and coin machines, which accept automated cash toll payments without an attendant. 
It is expected that in 2023 full electronic toll collection in open road configuration, with a next-generation multi-
lane free-flow technology developed by Sinelec, will be implemented in A33 and A21 stretches with a 
progressive deployment of up to 18 toll collection gantries in respect of both the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
managing such stretches. 
The ASTM Group remotely manages its automated toll booths by providing motorway users with the ability to 
call for assistance at a toll booth and by using computer systems designed to monitor in real time the functioning 
of automated toll collection equipment, as well as managing the entire administrative and financial clearing 
processing of all toll data. 
Motorway Police  
The ASTM Group’s motorway management responsibilities include user assistance which it provides through 
various agreements with the Italian Ministry of Internal Affairs, whereby the Italian national motorway police 
monitor the ASTM Group Italian Network 24 hours a day and organise emergency assistance in response to any 
disruption to traffic flows.  These agreements also provide that the relevant Italian Motorway Subsidiary is 
responsible for paying the expenses of the police incurred in connection with the provision of traffic assistance 
services and providing infrastructure, such as police barracks near the ASTM Group Italian Network, and police 
vehicles.  A force of auxiliary traffic personnel also assists the police in monitoring the ASTM Group Italian 
Network, including monitoring traffic, preventing traffic congestion, managing accident scenes where no 
injuries have occurred and generally supporting motorway police in their activities.  
The national motorway police has the exclusive competence in safety protection and control in the use of 
motorway stretches and in the detection of traffic violations. In addition, the police also ensures specific 
supervision aimed at preventing and combating illegal behavior to the detriment of the motorway assets, such 
as service and rest areas, as well as on compliance with the rules regarding the payment of tolls. 
Traffic Assistance 
In order to facilitate monitoring activities and assistance to the users in transit 24 hours a day and to ensure 
prompt intervention when necessary, the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries use variable message signs as well as 
radio equipment to link their motorway operations centres to remote traffic, weather and toll collection 
monitoring units as well as distress call points for motorway users.  Distress call points – from which it is 
possible to request the intervention of the auxiliaries to the road system – are located at intervals (approximately 
one to two kilometres) along the ASTM Group Italian Network.

--- Page 145 ---
136 
 
International Motorway Activities  
The ASTM Group’s principal international motorway activities are described below. 
Brazilian Motorway activities – Overview 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ASTM Group operates in Brazil through EcoRodovias, a holding 
company which indirectly controls several companies operating motorway concessions (each a “Brazilian 
Motorway Concession” and together, the “Brazilian Motorway Concessions”) and port and logistic assets in 
Brazil.  EcoRodovias is a joint stock corporation (sociedade anônima) with shares listed on the B3 – Brasil, 
Bolsa, Balcão S.A., or B3, the Brazilian Stock Exchange.  EcoRodovias was incorporated in 2000 under the 
laws of Brazil and has its registered office at Rua Gomes de Carvalho, 1510, City and State of São Paulo, Brazil. 
EcoRodovias manages through its subsidiaries a motorway network of approximately 4,700 km (including the 
601 kilometres to be managed under the new concession awarded to Concessionária de Rodovias Noroeste 
Paulista S.A.) which extends throughout some of the wealthiest areas of Brazil with a high population density 
and serves as a main logistical artery between the South and South-East of the country. 
In particular, EcoRodovias, through several subsidiaries and controlled companies: 
 
operates ten motorway concessions and is expected to operate a new concession awarded in 2022, 
located in eight states in Brazil, with approximately 4,700 kilometres under management (including the 
601 kilometres to be managed under the new concession awarded to Concessionária de Rodovias 
Noroeste Paulista S.A.).  Each motorway and port concession is operated by a special purpose vehicle 
incorporated under the laws of Brazil (each a “Brazilian Motorway Subsidiary” and together the 
“Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries”) controlled by EcoRodovias Concessões e Serviços S.A. 
(“EcoRodovias Concessões” or “ECS”), a joint stock corporation (sociedade anônima) incorporated 
under the laws of Brazil and a sub-holding wholly owned by EcoRodovias whose main purpose is to 
participate in the Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries; 
 
operates port and logistics assets located in or nearby the Port of Santos (Ecoporto Santos S.A. and 
Ecopátio Logística Cubatão S.A.), which contributes to Brazilian exports and helps organize the flow 
of entry to the Port of Santos, one of the major Brazilian ports, located in the State of São Paulo; and 
 
renders ancillary services related to its motorway and port activities. 
The chart below describes the EcoRodovias Group’s corporate structure at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
GRUPPO GAVIO 
ARDIAN 
GRUPPO ASTM 
ECOR B3 LISTED NM 
ECORODOVIAS 
ECORODOVIAS 
CONCESSÕES
ECOPORTO SANTOS 
ECOVIAS 
ECOPISTAS 
ECOSUL 
ECOPONTE 
ECO101 
ECO135 
ECO050 
ECOVIAS DO CERRADO 
ECORIOMINAS 
ECONOROESTE 
ECOVIAS  
DO ARAGUAIA 
Corporate 
Structure 
(1) 65% stake indirectly held through Holding do Araguaia in which GLPx Participações helds 35% interest. 
Note: Excludes treasury Shares

--- Page 146 ---
137 
 
The tables below show the main data relating to the income trend and the financial position of EcoRodovias for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
(amounts in millions of currency) 
2022 
 
2021 
 
€ (*) 
R$ 
€ (*) 
R$ 
Net Revenues 
1,114.2 
6,061.3 
 
729.4 
4,651.8 
Adjusted Net Revenues 
656.7 
3,572.4 
 
546.9 
3,488.3 
EBITDA 
390.4 
2,123.6 
 
354.2 
2,259.1 
EBITDA Margin 
59.4% 
59.4% 
 
64.8% 
64.8% 
Adjusted EBITDA 
423.7 
2,305.1 
 
364.9 
2,327.0 
Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
64.5% 
64.5% 
 
66.7% 
66.7% 
Net Result for the period 
43.0 
234.1 
 
57.6 
367.3 
Adjusted Net Result for the period 
59.2 
322.3 
 
59.8 
381.3 
(*) Based on the 2022 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.4399 and on the 2021 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.3779.  
Source:  Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia. 
Source:  published by EcoRodovias and available on 17 March 2023. 
(amounts in millions of R$) (*) 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1,612.5 
2,313.6 
short-term indebtedness 
(2,198.8) 
(3,191.1) 
long-term indebtedness 
(9,292.2) 
(6,768.6) 
Financial indebtedness 
(11,491.0) 
(9,959.6) 
Net financial indebtedness 
(9,878.5) 
(7,646.0) 
 
_________ 
(*) Based on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.63860 as of 31 December 2022 on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.31010 as of 
31 December 2021.  Source:  Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia. 
Source:  published by EcoRodovias and available on 17 March 2023.  
As discussed above, EcoRodovias revenues are primarily derived from three segments, motorway concessions, 
port and logistics, and services and ancillary activities.  The table below sets forth the breakdown of its gross 
revenue by segment.  
Adjusted Net revenue 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 (in millions of currency, except percentages) 
2022 
 
2021 
                                                                         
€ (*) 
R$  
 
€ (*) 
R$  
Highway Concessions(1)  
1,093.3 
5,947.4 
88.6%  
725.5 
4,627.0 
87.6% 
Port and Logistics(2)  
120.6 
656,2 
9.8%  
85.6 
545.8 
10.3% 
Services and Ancillary 
20.4 
111,1 
1.7%  
17.0 
108.6 
2.1% 
Gross revenue  
     1,234.3  
6,714.7 
100.0%  
        828.1  
    5,281.4  
100.0% 
Deduction 
(120.1) 
(653,4) 
  
(98.7) 
(629.7) 
 
Construction Revenue 
(457.5) 
(2,488,9) 
  
(182.4) 
(1,163.4) 
 
Adjusted Net revenue  
656.7 
3,572.4 
  
546.9 
    3,488.3  
 
 
_________ 
(1) Taking into account the aggregate revenues from collection of tolls and construction. 
(2) Taking into account the aggregate revenues from ports and logistics.

--- Page 147 ---
138 
 
(*) Based on the 2022 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.4399 and on the 2021 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.3779.  
Source:  Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia. 
The tables below provide a breakdown of the EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Result and net 
financial indebtedness of EcoRodovias for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
Year ended 31 December 
(amounts in millions of currency) 
2022 
 
2021 
€ (*) 
R$ 
€ (*) 
R$ 
Net Income 
43.0 
234.1  
57.6 
367.3 
(+) Net Income for Discontinued Operations 
1.3 
7.3  
        -  
     -  
(+) Depreciation and Amortization 
106.8 
581.2  
108.4 
691.1 
(+) Financial Result 
189.7 
1,032.1  
143.5 
915.5 
(+) Income and Social Contribution Taxes 
49.4 
268.9  
44.7 
285.2 
EBITDA 
390.4 
2,123.6  
354.2 
2,259.1 
(+) Agreements 
         -  
        -   
0.7 
4.2 
(+) Impairment at Assets 
14.9 
81.0  
          -  
      -  
(+) Ecosul 2021 revenue adjustment 
(2.4) 
(12.8)  
         -  
           -  
(+) Provision for maintenance 
20.8 
113.3  
10.0 
63.7 
Adjusted EBITDA 
423.7 
2,305.1  
364.9 
2,327.0 
 
(*) Based on the 2022 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.4399 and on the 2021 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.3779.  
Source:  Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia. 
Net result and Adjusted Net Result 
Year ended 31 December 
(amounts in millions of currency) 
2022 
 
2021 
€ (*) 
R$ 
€ (*) 
R$ 
Net Result for the period 
43.0 
234.1 
 
57.6 
367.3 
(+) Agreements 
- 
- 
 
0.7 
4.2 
(+) Impairment at Assets 
14.9 
81.0 
 
     -  
        -  
(+) Ecosul 2021 revenue adjustment 
(1.6) 
(8.5) 
 
- 
- 
(+) Inflation Adjustments - Agreements 
1.5 
8.4 
 
        1.5  
      9.8  
(+) Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 
1.3 
7.3 
 
- 
- 
Adjusted Net Result for the period 
59.2 
322.3 
 
59.8 
381.3 
 
(*) Based on the 2022 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.4399 and on the 2021 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.3779.  
Source:  Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia. 
 
Net financial indebtedness detail 
Year ended 31 December 
(amounts in millions of currency) 
2022 
 
2021 
 
€ (*) 
R$ 
€ (*) 
R$ 
Cash and cash equivalents 
244.7 
1,379.5 
 
328.1 
2,070.3 
Financial investments 
41.3 
233.0 
 
38.6 
243.3 
Cash and cash equivalents 
286.0 
1,612.5 
 
366.7 
2,313.6 
Loans and financing - current 
(19.0) 
(107.0) 
 
(214.4) 
(1,353,1) 
Debentures - current 
(371.0) 
(2,091,8) 
 
(291.3) 
(1,838.0) 
Leases Payables - current 
                   -  
  -  
 
                   -  
  -

--- Page 148 ---
139 
 
short-term indebtedness 
(390.0) 
(2,198.8) 
 
(505.7) 
(3,191,1) 
Loans and financing - non current 
(334.9) 
(1,888.3) 
 
(242.5) 
(1,530.1) 
Debentures - non current 
(1,313.1) 
(7,403,9) 
 
(830.2) 
(5,238.4) 
Leases Payables - non current 
                   -  
  -  
 
                   -  
  -  
long-term indebtedness 
(1,648.0) 
(9,292.2) 
 
(1,072.7) 
(6,768.5) 
Financial indebtedness 
(2,037.9) 
(11,491.0) 
 
(1,578.4) 
(9,959.6) 
Net financial indebtedness 
(1,751.9) 
(9,878.5) 
 
(1,211.8) 
(7,646.0) 
 
(*) Based on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.63860 as of 31 December 2022 on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.31010 as of 
31 December 2021.  Source: Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia. 
Brazilian motorway activities – Brazilian Motorway Concessions 
Roads are the most extensive and developed means of transportation in Brazil.  The motorway concessions 
managed by the Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries connect large domestic industrial, production, consumption, 
and tourism centres, including four important Brazilian ports (Santos, Vitória, and Rio Grande). 
The map below shows EcoRodovias geographic presence through the locations in which its motorway 
concessions operate:  
 
  
ECOVIAS DO ARAGUAIA 
ECO135 
ECO101 
ECOPONTE 
ECORIOMINAS 
ECOVIAS 
ECOPORTO 
SANTOS 
ECOSUL 
ECONOROESTE 
ECOVIAS DO 
CERRADO 
ECOPISTAS 
ECO050 
Geographic Footprint

--- Page 149 ---
140 
 
The table below presents some data on the motorway concession agreements of the Brazilian Motorway 
Subsidiaries:  
Brazilian Concessionaires 
Interest (%) 
Km 
Expiration of 
Concession 
Brazilian 
State 
% of Gross 
Revenue from 
Tolls (2022) 
No. of Paying 
Vehicle 
Equivalents(1) 
in million 
(2022) 
Ecovias dos Imigrantes .................... 
100 
176.9 
Feb 24(6) 
SP 
36.3% 
62.3 
Ecopistas ......................................... 
100 
143.7 
Jun. 39 
SP 
10.9% 
86.9 
Ecosul .............................................. 
100 
457.3 
Mar. 26 
RS 
12.2% 
25.6 
Eco101 ............................................ 
100 
478.7 
May 38(7) 
ES 
6.5% 
57.3 
Ecoponte .......................................... 
100 
28.7 
May 45 
RJ 
4.5% 
28.6 
Eco135(9) .......................................... 
100 
364.0 
Jun. 48 
MG 
9.6% 
39.1 
Eco050 ............................................ 
100 
436.6 
Jan. 44 
MG/GO 
9.5% 
53.6 
Ecovias do Cerrado(2) ....................... 
100 
437.0 
Jan. 50 
MG/GO 
5.1% 
33.8 
Ecovias do Araguaia(3) ..................... 
65 
850.7 
Oct. 56 
TO/GO 
3.4% 
11.3 
EcoRioMinas(4)  ............................... 
100 
726.9 
Sep 52 
RJ/MG 
2.0% 
4.2 
Econoroeste(5)  ................................. 
100 
601.0 
-(8) 
SP 
0% 
- 
Total ............................................... 
- 
4,701.5 
- 
- 
100% 
402.7 
__________ 
(1) 
Paying vehicle equivalent, or Paying Vehicle Equivalent, is a basic unit of reference in toll collection statistics in the Brazilian market.  Light 
vehicles, such as passenger cars, correspond to one Paying Vehicle Equivalent unit.  Heavy vehicles, such as trucks and buses, are converted into 
Paying Vehicle Equivalents by a multiplier applied to the number of axles of the vehicle, as established in the terms of each concession contract. 
(2) 
Toll plazas P1 and P2 from 11 November 2020, P6 and P7 from 1 October 2021 and P3, P4 and P5 from 20 March 2021. 
(3) 
Concession Agreement entered into on 29 September 2021.  Started toll collection on 3 October 2022. 
(4) 
Concession Agreement entered into on 19 August 2022. Started toll collection on 22 September 2022 with the opening of three toll booths 
representing 34% of the total estimated revenues from the concession. On 1 March 2023, two additional toll booths, representing 32% of the total 
estimated revenues from the concession, have been opened. 
(5) 
Won in the International Bid No. 02/2022. On 12 April 2023, EcoNoroeste and the San Paolo State Government entered into the concession 
agreement providing for the exploitation for a 30 year period from the initial transfer agreement (the step-in date) of the relevant stretches. The 
step-in date and the start of toll collection in the first stretch of about 442 kilometres started on 1 May 2023. The tolling of the residual 159 
kilometres is expected to start in March 2025. 
(6) 
Ecovias dos Imigrantes and the Government of the State of São Paulo entered into an amendment to the concession agreement (The original term 
of the concession agreement is 240 months from the date of transfer of the highway system, with the end initially scheduled for 28 May 2018. On 
21 December 2006, Amendment No. 10/2006 was signed, which rebalanced the economic-financial equation by extending the concession term for 
another 70 months, with the end scheduled for 28 March 2024. On 13 November 2012, amendment No. 16/2012 was signed, which included new 
investments and rebalanced the economic equation -financial extending the term of the concession for another 18 months and 11 days, with the end 
scheduled for 9 October 2025. On 24 April 2018, amendment No. 17/2018 was signed, which included new investments and rebalanced the equation 
economic-financial extension extending the concession period for another 7 months and 24 days, with the end scheduled for 2 June 2026. On 24 
November 2021, the Additive Term Modified vo No. 19/2021, which included new investments, rebalanced the economic-financial equation, adjusted 
the term extension of amendments to amendments No. 15/2011, 16/2012 and 17/2018, extending the term of the concession scheduled to expire on 
19 November 2033, considering the traffic projection according to the ARTESP methodology, which may vary according to the measurement of 
future traffic, following the Marginal Cash Flow methodology. In the year ended 31 December 2022, Amendments No. 20 and 21 were signed, 
which included new investments and rebalanced the economic-financial equation, extending the term of the concession, which expires on 11 
February 2034. 
(7) 
On 15 July 2022, Eco101 declared its intention to be included in the amicable devolution of its current concession agreement and the introduction 
of an amendment thereto providing for new contractual conditions until the launch of the new tender procedure for the motorway stretch. On 1 
June 2023, Decree 11,539  of 31 May 2023 was published on the federal gazette Diário Oficial da União, under which the Federal Government, in 
connection with the Program of Investment Partnerships of the Federal Government (PPI), approved the federal public project of Highway BR-
101/ES/BA. Pursuant to such Decree, such approval will no longer be effective and will be revoked if the aforementioned amendment to the 
concession agreement is not executed within 90 (ninety) days from the publication of the Decree. 
(8) 
Term of 30 years from the signing of the initial transfer agreement started on 1 May 2023. 
(9) 
On 29 June 2022, Eco135 and the Granting Authority entered into an agreement amending the concession agreement, providing for a reduction 
for thirty months of the concession fee due to the Granting Authority against the execution of additional investements in the srtetch under 
management for approximately Reais 230 million.     
 
 
As set forth in the table above, EcoRodovias, through ECS, controls the Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries 
described in the table above and is responsible for the management of highway concessions and service 
contracts, managing the areas of administration, finance, human resources, information technology, engagement 
of services, procurement, and engineering.  This allows EcoRodovias to standardise processes and procedures, 
improve controls, optimise resources, reduce costs, and speed up the dissemination of best managerial and 
operational practices among the companies of the EcoRodovias group.  ECS manages a shared services centre 
to share corporate operating activities, benefiting from relevant operational synergies and a “plug-and-play” 
platform with flexibility to support organic growth and acquisitions with gains of scale.  The advantages of

--- Page 150 ---
141 
 
operating with this structure are cost optimization, concessionaires focused on their core business, 
standardization of the level of services, reduction of organizational risk, in addition to allowing EcoRodovias 
and ECS to be more competitive in public tenders. 
Brazilian motorway activities – Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries  
The following paragraphs provide for a description of each of the concessionaires controlled by EcoRodovias.  
Such companies are all incorporated under the laws of Brazil as a joint stock corporation (sociedade anônima). 
 
Ecovias dos Imigrantes 
Concessionária Ecovias dos Imigrantes S.A. (“Ecovias dos Imigrantes”) is responsible for the administration 
and operation of the “Anchieta-Imigrantes System” highways an export and import corridor to the Port of 
Santos, connecting the São Paulo metropolitan region to the Cubatão Petrochemical Complex, to the industries 
of the greater São Paulo region (the cities of Santo André, São Bernardo, São Caetano, and Diadema) and 
Baixada Santista, which gives access to the southern and northern coasts of the State of São Paulo.  With a 
length of 176.9 km, approximately 62.3 million paying vehicle equivalents (44% heavy vehicles and 56% light 
vehicles) traveled on the highway in 2022. 
 
Ecopistas 
Concessionária das Rodovias Ayrton Senna e Carvalho Pinto S.A. (“Ecopistas”) is responsible for the 
administration and operation of the Ayrton Senna-Carvalho Pinto Corridor, connecting the São Paulo 
Metropolitan Region to the Paraíba Valley, the mountain region of Campos do Jordão, the Port of São Sebastião, 
and the northern coast of the State São Paulo, which has become one of the most important routes for the 
distribution of industrial production from the approximately 2,000 companies developed in the Paraíba Valley 
region.  With a length of 143.7 km, approximately 86.9 million paying vehicle equivalents (31% heavy vehicles 
and 69% light vehicles) travelled on the highway in 2022. 
 
Ecosul 
Empresa Concessionária de Rodovias do Sul S.A. (“Ecosul”) is responsible for the administration and operation 
of Pólo de Pelotas in the State of Rio Grande do Sul, in addition to the important connection to the Port of Rio 
Grande.  Ecosul also plays an important role in tourism toward the south coast of Brazil through BR-116, which 
also connects with Uruguay and Argentina.  With a length of 457.3 km, approximately 25.6 million paying 
vehicle equivalents (73% heavy vehicles and 27% light vehicles) travelled on the highway in 2022. 
 
Eco101 
ECO101 Concessionária de Rodovias S.A. (“Eco101”) is responsible for the administration and operation of a 
portion of BR-101 in the State of Espírito Santo, passing through over 20 municipalities from the border with 
Rio de Janeiro to Bahia.  The highway leads to five important ports:  Vitória and Tubarão, in the capital Vitória; 
Açu, in the State of Rio de Janeiro; Ilhéus, in the State of Bahia; and Barra do Riacho, in the State of Espírito 
Santo.  Eco101 also provides access to the main beaches in the State of Espírito Santo, such as Guarapari and 
Vila Velha, and is a destination for millions of tourists throughout the year.  With a length of 478.7 km, 
approximately 57.3 million paying vehicle equivalents (71% heavy vehicles and 29% light vehicles) travelled 
on the highway in 2022. 
 
Ecoponte 
Concessionária Ponte Rio-Niterói S.A. (“Ecoponte”) is responsible for the administration and operation of the 
section of BR-101/RJ corresponding to the Rio-Niterói Bridge between the cities of Rio de Janeiro and Niterói 
in the State of Rio de Janeiro.  With a length of 28.7 km, including accesses and loops, it also includes the right-
of-way elements, buildings and land, tracks, and shoulders, as well as the areas occupied by operating and 
administrative facilities related to the concession.  In addition to operating and maintaining the Rio-Niterói 
Bridge Road System, Ecoponte is also responsible for the implementation of several improvement works, 
including the execution of the Mergulhão in Niterói, an underground passage built for the purpose of relieving 
traffic, completed in 2017, and the construction of the Ponte-Linha Vermelha Connection Loop, completed on 
31 May 2020, and the Connection Loop between the Rio-Niterói Bridge and Av. Brasil (Av. Portuária), 
completed on 31 March 2021.  Approximately 28.6 million paying vehicle (15% heavy vehicles and 85% light 
vehicles) equivalents travelled on the highway in 2022.

--- Page 151 ---
142 
 
 
Eco135 
ECO135 Concessionária de Rodovias S.A. (“Eco135”) is responsible for the administration and operation of 
the sections of the BR-135, MG-231, and LMG-754 highways from the BR-040 near Curvelo to the municipality 
of Montes Claros in the State of Minas Gerais.  BR-135 is an important long-distance highway corridor in the 
country and integrates the main interconnection route between the Southeast, South, and Northeast regions.  
With a length of 363.95 km, approximately 39.1 million paying vehicle equivalents (82% heavy vehicles and 
18% light vehicles) travelled on the highway in 2022. 
 
Eco050 
ECO050 Concessionária de Rodovias S.A. (“Eco050”) is responsible for the administration and operation of a 
section that makes up an important highway corridor passing through nine municipalities in Goiás and Minas 
Gerais.  The section under concession includes one of the main connecting routes between the Federal District 
and São Paulo, which begins at the junction with BR-040 in Cristalina (State of Goiás) and extends to the border 
of the State of Minas Gerais with the State of São Paulo in the municipality of Delta (State of Minas Gerais).  
With a length of 436.6 km (consisting of 218.1 km in the State of Minas Gerais and 218.5 km in the State of 
Goiás), approximately 53.6 million paying vehicle equivalents (74% heavy vehicles and 26% light vehicles) 
traveled on the highway in 2022. 
 
Ecovias do Cerrado 
Concessionária Ecovias do Cerrado S.A. BR-364/365 (“Ecovias do Cerrado”) is responsible for the 
administration and operation of (i) the section of BR-365 in the State of Minas Gerais that connects the City of 
Uberlândia, the main city of the Triângulo Mineiro, to the border with the State of Goiás and (ii) the section of 
BR-364 that runs from the City of Jataí (State of Goiás) to the junction with BR-365, close to the border between 
the two states.  The sections are part of one of the most important grain flow routes from the Central West region 
to the Port of Santos.  It is also essential for supplying the southern region of the State of Goiás and the State of 
Minas Gerais, mainly with general cargo products, industrial supplies, construction materials, and food.  With 
a length of 437 km, including 192.7 km on BR-364 in Goiás and 244.3 km, approximately 33.8 million paying 
vehicle equivalents (77% heavy vehicles and 23% light vehicles) traveled on the highway in 2022. Ecovias do 
Cerrado began charging tolls at plazas P1, in Uberlândia and P2, in Monte Alegre de Minas from 14 November 
2020, toll plazas P6, in Cachoeira Alta and P7, in Jataí from 10 January 2021 and P3, in Ituiutaba, P4, in Santa 
Vitória and P5, in Paranaiguara from 10 March 2021. 
 
Ecovias do Araguaia 
Concessionária Ecovias do Araguaia S.A. (“Ecovias do Araguaia”) is responsible for the operation, for 
35 years, of the BR-153/414/080/TO/GO motorway in the States of Tocantins and Goiás.  The project comprises 
a (1) 624.1km stretch of BR-153/TO/GO between the junction with TO-070 (Aliança do Tocantins) and the 
junction with BR-060 (Anápolis), (2) 139.6 km stretch of BR-414/GO between the junction with BR-080/GO-
230(A)/324 (Assunção de Goiás) and the junction with BR-153/GO-222/ 330 (Anápolis), (3) 87 km stretch of 
BR-080/GO between the junction with BR-414/GO-230(B) (Assunção de Goiás) and (4) the junction with BR-
153(A)/GO-342(B), totaling 850.7 km, as per the call to tender notice.  Holding do Araguaia S.A., in which 
ECS and GLP X Participações S.A. hold interests of 65% and 35% respectively, owns 100% of the capital stock 
of Ecovias do Araguaia.  The concession agreement was executed on 29 September 2021. Ecovias do Araguaia 
took over in the management of the BR-153/414/080/TO/GO motorway in October 2021 and operates the toll 
collection since October 2022. 
 
EcoRioMinas 
Ecoriominas Concessionária de Rodovias S.A. (“EcoRioMinas”) is responsible for the operation, for 30 years, 
of the BR-116/RJ Highway, between the junction with the BR-101/RJ (Trevo das Margaridas), in the 
municipality of Rio de Janeiro (RJ), and the junction with the BR-465, in Seropédica (RJ); BR-116/RJ highway, 
between the junction of BR-393, in the district of Jamapará (RJ), and the junction with BR-040 (A)/493 (B)/RJ-
109, in Duque de Caxias (RJ) ); BR-116/MG Highway, between the junction with BR-381/451, in Governador 
Valadares (MG), and the border of the States of Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro; BR-493/RJ Highway, between 
the junction with BR-101 (Manilha), in Itaboraí (RJ), and the junction with BR-116 (Santa Guilhermina), in 
Magé (RJ); BR-493/RJ Highway, between the junction with BR-040/116 (B), in Duque de Caxias (RJ), and the 
Port of Itaguaí (RJ); and BR-465/RJ Highway – Section between the junction with BR-116 and the junction

--- Page 152 ---
143 
 
with BR-101, totalling 726.9 km.  The concession agreement was executed on 19 August 2022 and 
EcoRioMinas operates the toll collection since September 2022.  
 
Econoroeste 
Concessionária de Rodovias Noroeste Paulista S.A. (“Econoroeste”) is expected to be responsible for the 
operation, for 30 years, made up of sections of five highways in the interior of São Paulo, where around 80 
thousand vehicles circulate daily, in the regions of São José do Rio Preto, Araraquara, São Carlos and Barretos, 
including the SP-310 (Rod. Washington Luís), an important logistical corridor for the transport of agricultural 
products and fertilizers and with a length of 601 km, approximately. The concession agreement was entered into 
on 12 April 2023. 
Other information on Brazilian motorways activities 
Traffic 
The table below sets forth the traffic volumes of each Brazilian Motorway Concessionaire companies for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
(thousands of equivalent paying 
vehicles)(1) 
2022 
2021 
Company 
Light 
Heavy 
Total 
Light 
Heavy 
Total 
Ecovias dos Imigrantes S.A. ............. 
34,613 
27,683 
62,296 
32,902 
26,463 
59,365 
Ecopistas .......................................... 
59,605 
27,330 
86,935 
56,320 
25,759 
82,079 
Ecovia Caminho do Mar(2) ................ 
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
3,977 
11,358 
15,335 
Ecocataratas(3) ................................... 
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
8,325 
17,177 
25,502 
Ecoponte ........................................... 
24,264 
4,365 
28,629 
23,528 
4,272 
27,800 
Ecosul ............................................... 
6,840 
18,733 
25,573 
6,058 
21,320 
27,378 
Eco101 ............................................. 
16,803 
40,538 
57,341 
16,057 
38,335 
54,392 
Eco135 ............................................. 
6,985 
32,095 
39,080 
6,667 
30,113 
36,780 
Eco050 ............................................. 
14,056 
39,507 
53,563 
12,740 
37,072 
49,812 
Ecovias do Cerrado(4) ........................ 
7,645 
26,189 
33,834 
6,846 
25,956 
32,802 
EcoRioMinas(5)  ................................ 
2,078 
2,101 
4,179 
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
Ecovias do Araguaia(6)  ..................... 
2,293 
8,989 
11,282 
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
Total ................................................ 
175,182 
227,528 
402,712 
173,421 
237,825 
411,245 
Adjusted total(7,5) .............................. 
163,166 
190,251 
353,417 
154,272 
183,334 
337,606 
__________ 
(1) 
Traffic volumes are expressed in “equivalent paying vehicles”, the basic reference unit used for toll statistics on the Brazilian market.  Light vehicles 
(such as cars) correspond to one equivalent vehicle unit.  Heavy vehicles (such as lorries and buses) are converted to equivalent vehicles using a 
multiplier that is applied to the number of vehicle axles and is established in the terms of each concession contract. 
(2) 
Concession agreement expired on 28 November 2021. 
(3) 
Concession agreement expired on 27 November 2021. 
(4) 
Toll plazas P1 and P2 from 14 November 2020, P6 and P7 from 10 January 2021 and P3, P4 and P5 from 20 March 2021. 
(5) 
Start of toll collection Plazas Engenheiro Pierre Berman, Santa Guilhermina and Santo Aleixo from 22 September 2022. Start of toll collection 
Viúva Graça and Viúva Graça B on 1 March 2023.  
(6) 
Start of toll collection from 3 October 2022. 
(7) 
Figure on a like-for-like basis (does not include traffic figures from the concessionaires Ecovias do Cerrado, EcoRioMinas, Ecovias do Araguaia, 
Ecovia Caminho do Mar e Ecocataratas). 
In general, the motorways operated by the Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries have different volumes in terms of 
traffic.  There are motorways for passenger or commercial vehicles, in different scales on each of the highways.  
Furthermore, some motorways have a direction towards the ports and large centers in regions with agricultural 
and industrial production flow, while others have a recreational vocation, whose traffic is increased in typically 
vacation months and also suffer the climatic influence on holidays throughout the year and, still, other highways 
have commuting characteristics with predominance of passenger vehicles and daily trips with “home-work” or 
“business” aspects. 
The monthly traffic seasonality, which can impact the Brazilians Motorway Subsidiaries toll revenues, is more 
related to the organic growth that occurs over the years, than to some aspect of sectoral seasonality.  This 
combination of characteristics that permeate highways, ensures a year-round balance in relation to the

--- Page 153 ---
144 
 
generation of recipes.  However, force majeure effects or fortuitous events can reduce traffic in the highways 
operated, as well as the reduction of its total tolled volume, such as the effects resulting from the COVID-19 
pandemic or of future new waves of contamination. 
Tariffs 
Historically, toll revenues have constituted the principal source of the EcoRodovias revenues, representing 
approximately 88.6% and 87.6% of its revenues for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, 
respectively.  Toll revenues are a function of traffic volumes and tariffs charged.  In general, the toll rates applied 
to the Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries network (“ASTM Group Brazilian Network”) are proportionally 
linked to the duration of the contract, the investment to be made in the motorway and respective stretches and 
type of vehicle (for example, larger vehicles, which carry heavy loads, pay more than passenger vehicles, which 
tend to not erode the motorways).  In this way, a vehicle classification system is applied to most of the 
motorways in the ASTM Group Brazilian Network for the purpose of determining toll rates. 
The following table sets forth the toll revenues broken down by each Brazilian Motorway Subsidiary for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
(amounts in millions of Reais) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Ecovias dos Imigrantes S.A. ..................................................................................................  
1,255.1 
1,087.3 
Ecopistas ...............................................................................................................................  
378.6 
325.8 
Ecovia Caminho do Mar(1)  ...................................................................................................  
- 
305.7 
Ecocataratas(2)  ......................................................................................................................  
- 
352.3 
Ecoponte ................................................................................................................................  
155.4 
132.4 
Ecosul ....................................................................................................................................  
421.8 
355.3 
Eco101 ..................................................................................................................................  
224.7 
196.6 
Eco135 ..................................................................................................................................  
333.7 
287.2 
Eco050 ..................................................................................................................................  
327.0 
260.2 
Ecovias do Cerrado ...............................................................................................................  
174.8 
160.8 
EcoRioMinas(3)  ........................................................................................................................  
70.7 
- 
Ecovias do Araguaia(4) ...............................................................................................................  
116.7 
- 
TOTAL .................................................................................................................................  
3,458.4 
3,463.6 
Total in EUR (*) ..................................................................................................................  
635.7 
543.1 
_________ 
(*) Based on the 2022 €/Reais average exchange rate of 5.4399 and on the 2021 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.3779.  Source:  
Ufficio Italian Cambi – Banca d’Italia. 
(1) Concession agreement expired on 28 November 2021. 
(2) Concession agreement expired on 27 November 2021. 
(3) Start of toll collection Plazas Engenheiro Pierre Berman, Santa Guilhermina e Santo Aleixo from 22 September 2022. 
(4) Start of toll collection from 3 October 2022.

--- Page 154 ---
145 
 
The table below shows the average rates charged by the Brazilian Motorway Subsidiaries from paying vehicles:  
Average Rate (in No. of Paying Axle Equivalents in Euro) 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Ecovias dos Imigrantes .......................................................  
3.70 
2.87 
2.96 
3.73 
Ecopistas ............................................................................  
0.80 
0.62 
0.64 
0.83 
Ecovia Caminho do Mar(1) .................................................  
               -    
3.12 
3.25 
4.22 
Ecocataratas(2) ....................................................................  
               -    
2.17 
2.22 
2.92 
Ecosul .................................................................................  
2.47 
2.03 
2.18 
2.9 
Eco101 ...............................................................................  
0.72 
0.57 
0.63 
0.93 
Ecoponte .............................................................................  
1.00 
0.75 
0.74 
0.97 
Eco135 ...............................................................................  
1.57 
1.22 
1.24 
1.63 
Eco050 ...............................................................................  
1.12 
0.82 
0.86 
1.16 
Ecovias do Cerrado(3) .........................................................  
0.95 
0.77 
0.83 
- 
EcoRioMinas(4) ......................................................................  
3.11 
- 
- 
- 
Ecovias do Araguaia(5) ............................................................  
1.90 
- 
- 
- 
Consolidated Average Rate (in Euro)(*) ..........................  
1.54 
1.32 
1.46 
1.93 
_________ 
(1) Concession agreement expired on 28 November 2021. 
(2) Concession agreement expired on 27 November 2021. 
(3) Start of toll collection at toll plazas P1 and P2 from 14 November, 2020; start of toll collection at toll plazas P6 and P7 from 
10 January 2021 and start of toll collection at P3, P4 and P5 from 20 March 2021. 
(4) Start of toll collection at the Engenheiro Pierre Berman, Santa Guilhermina and Santo Aleixo toll plazas from 22 September 2022. 
(5) Start of toll collection from 3 October 2022. 
(*) Based on the 2021 Euro/Reais average exchange rate of 5.4399, on the 2021 Euro/Reais average exchange rate of 6.3778, on the  
2020 Euro/Reais average exchange rate of 5.8943 and on the 2019 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 4.4134 . Source:  Ufficio Italian 
Cambi – Banca d’Italia 
Nonetheless, the Brazilian government has enacted Law No. 14,157/21 establishing general guidelines on the 
collection of tolls under the free passage system.  This model is similar to the “free-flow system,” common in 
European countries, in which toll booths are not in place and vehicles are charged exclusively by totems that 
charge the fare based on tags installed on the vehicles.  In addition to regulating the new toll collection system, 
Brazilian Law No. 14,157/21 also determined, in the case of concession agreements in which it is not possible 
to implement the new toll system, the observance of a discount for frequent users, which will be conditioned 
and limited to the abatement of municipal taxes levied on revenue from the management of the highway.  The 
Law nº 14.157/21 was regulated by CONTRAN Resolution nº 984/2022, which provides for the implementation 
of the free flow system and the technical means to be used to identify vehicles that transit through these roads. 
The concession contracts define, in addition to the way in which the mechanism is implemented, the risk sharing 
and detailing of any rebalancing in case of potential risk that such concession contracts suffer economic and 
financial imbalances, especially due to any increase in toll evasion. The risks arising from Law No. 14,157/21 
can only be accurately measured by analysing the standard in line with each of the concession agreements of 
EcoRodovias' subsidiaries in Brazil. The new concessions of the Ecorodovias Group are expected to implement 
a new toll system, with the risk of increased evasion falling on the Granting Authority. 
Toll Collection 
The Brazilian motorway network is not an “interconnected” network.  Accordingly, each concession collects 
and manages its own toll revenues.  EcoRodovias is increasing the introduction of automated payment points 
on the ASTM Group Brazilian Network in order to shorten payment and waiting times at toll stations and thereby 
increase traffic flows, as well as to reduce the number of personnel required for toll collection.  Each toll station 
is currently equipped for both automated and manual payment.  Third-party companies currently collect the tolls 
from automated systems and then allocate the proceeds due to each concessionaire.  EcoRodovias remotely 
manages its automated toll booths by providing motorway users with the ability to call for assistance at a toll 
booth and by using computer systems designed to monitor the functioning of automated toll collection 
equipment. 
Customer Support 
The motorways managed by EcoRodovias have user support bases, located at strategic points and operate 24/7 
(according to each concession agreement).  These bases have bathrooms, including installations for people with

--- Page 155 ---
146 
 
disabilities, diaper changing areas, drinking fountains, public telephones, and parking areas.  The 
concessionaires have customer service channels for emergency communication and requests for information 
and digital platforms where users can find information on traffic, accidents, possible restrictions, and the main 
news about traffic and highway conditions.  The concessionaires also offer pre-hospital care in the event of 
accidents, towing services, mechanical assistance, Closed Circuit Television (CFTV) monitoring, innovation in 
the form of collection of toll fees with the use of debit and/or credit cards, automatic toll booths, self-service 
cabins, traffic counters, weighing scales for heavy vehicles, and operational control centers. 
Motorway activities in United Kingdom – Road Link Holdings Limited 
Road Link Holdings Limited (a company 20% directly owned by ASTM) holds 100% of the share capital of 
Road Link (A69) Limited which, on behalf of the “Secretary for Transport and the Highway Agency”, manages 
the A69 motorway between Newcastle and Carlisle in the United Kingdom.  The relevant concession will expire 
on 31 March 2026. During the financial year ended on 31 December 2022, Road Link Holdings Limited 
contributed approximately €1.4 million to the ASTM Group’s profit. 
 
Ancillary business activities in the motorway sector – Service Areas 
The ASTM Group has also developed ancillary businesses to service its core toll motorway business. 
Italian Group Network 
As at 31 December 2022, royalties from the management of service areas on the ASTM Group Italian Network 
amounted to €55.2 million.  All service areas include full-service petrol stations and most include self-service 
minimarkets and food and beverage points.  Some service areas include additional accessory services such as 
motels, repair garages, shops and information services. 
The ASTM Group does not directly manage any of the service areas but instead grants, on the basis of specific 
bidding procedures, subcontracts (each a “Subcontract” and jointly the “Subcontracts”) to third parties (the 
“Subcontractors”) for the management of various services in the service areas.  In order to guarantee a regular 
and adequate level of service, potential Subcontractors are selected by the ASTM Group on the basis of their 
specific technical, organisational and economic skills.  Bids are evaluated on the basis of quality, efficiency, 
and diversity of services and investments, in line with the duration of the activities entrusted to them. 
The Subcontracts generally grant to each Subcontractor the right to perform one or more services in one or more 
service areas.  Pursuant to the Subcontracts, the Subcontractor is typically required to build the structures 
necessary to provide the service and, subsequently, to manage and maintain those services either directly or 
through management contracts with third parties.  Upon the expiration of a Subcontract, the land on which the 
service area is located and the buildings and infrastructure built by the Subcontractor must, in instances where 
the ASTM Group owns the land, be returned to the ASTM Group in a good state and condition with no 
compensation to the Subcontractor.  In relation to service areas built on land owned by Subcontractors, upon 
the expiration of the Subcontract, the right of access to the motorway shall be subject to renegotiation.  Under 
a Subcontract, the Subcontractor typically undertakes to pay to the relevant motorway subsidiary a percentage 
of the revenues in the form of a royalty generated from sales for both restaurants/shops and petrol services, 
based upon a relevant fixed component.  The ASTM Group monitors the quality of the services offered by the 
Subcontractors at the service areas through periodic inspections of such areas. 
Newcastle 
Carlisle 
Road Link 
(A69)

--- Page 156 ---
147 
 
Upon the expiration of a Subcontract, a new Subcontract may be granted only upon competitive bidding 
procedures.  The expiry date of the Subcontracts differs for each Italian Motorway Subsidiary. 
Brazilian Group Network 
For the EcoRodovias Group, ancillary revenues refer to other revenues of highway concessionaires arising from 
the management of the rights-of-way of highways such as revenues from leasing areas for optical fibres, uses 
of rights-of-way, implementation and concession of access, rental of advertising panels and other services 
provided for in the concession contracts. 
ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND CONSTRUCTION (EPC) SECTOR  
The ASTM Group operates internationally through its subsidiaries in the construction of major infrastructure 
works (roads, motorways, railways, subways, bridges, viaducts, dams, civil and industrial construction works).  
In particular, the ASTM Group operates in the engineering, procurement and construction sector through Itinera 
and its subsidiaries SEA Segnaletica Stradale S.p.A., Tubosider S.p.A., Halmar International LLC and Itinera 
Construcoes Ltda and through other companies of the ASTM Group, including SINA S.p.A. and Euroimpianti 
S.p.A..  
Itinera Group 
Itinera is a joint stock company established in 1938 whose share capital is entirely held by ASTM. 
Itinera and its subsidiaries (together, the “Itinera Group”) operate in the EPC sector, and their main activities 
are the construction and the maintenance of road, motorway and railway infrastructure, building works 
(hospitals and shopping centres), maritime works and works for the construction of tunnels and underground 
railways.  The Itinera Group is one of the leading Italian groups in the EPC sector in terms of size, revenues, 
order book, expertise and know-how, and is a global player in the development of public-private partnership 
(PPP) projects.  The foreign business development plan of the Itinera Group has continued in recent years in 
terms of participation in tenders, the opening of new branches and secondary offices, the establishment of new 
companies and direct investments in companies already active in the EPC sector. 
According to the ENR “Top 250 International Contractors” list published in 2021, Itinera ranked 79th in the 
world based on 2020 turnover. 
Itinera operates mainly in the Republic of Italy, in particular the North-West of the country given the synergies 
with the ASTM Group, central and northern Europe (Denmark, Sweden, Romania and France), USA and Brazil. 
Furthermore, the Group has also relevant ongoing contracts in Gulf countries (UAE and Kuwait) and southern 
Africa (Botswana), the latter almost completed, with the presence in such areas expected to be significantly 
reduced in the near future. In 2017, Itinera incorporated under Brazilian law Itinera Construções Ltda (“Itinera 
Construções”).  During 2022, Itinera Construções and its subsidiaries signed some multi-year contracts to 
execute, conserve, maintain, improve and expand works of highways managed by the Brazilian Motorway 
Subsidiaries.   
Also, in 2017 Itinera acquired 50% of the share capital of Halmar International LLC (“Halmar”), one of the 
leading construction companies operating in the metropolitan area of New York.  Halmar is specialized in the 
construction of transport infrastructure (roads, motorways, railways, subways, airports, bridges and elevated 
roads).  The transaction was carried out by establishing the US subsidiary Itinera USA Corporation, a company 
wholly owned by Itinera.  On 8 September 2021, Itinera USA Corporation entered into an agreement for the 
purchase of the remaining 50% of the share capital of Halmar.  The closing of the first tranche, equal to 30% of 
Halmar share capital, occurred on 29 September 2021, while the closing in respect of the remaining 20% equity 
interest is expected to take place within 60 days of the approval of the financial statements as at 
31 December 2024.  
On 4 July 2018, Itinera purchased all the shares of SEA Segnaletica Stradale S.p.A. and Interstrade S.p.A., the 
latter of which was merged by incorporation into Itinera on 1 December 2018. 
On 27 July 2020, Itinera acquired a 90% stake in the share capital of Tubosider S.p.A. (“Tubosider”), a 
company in which the ASTM Group and Itinera itself already held minority stakes.  Tubosider produces, installs

--- Page 157 ---
148 
 
and sells items for use in road, rail, civil and industrial construction, including road barriers, pipes, tanks and 
other items, mainly made of steel. 
In 2022, the Itinera Group posted a “value of production” of €1,406.1 million (€1,230.8  million in 2021); of 
which the foreign production amounted to €894.7 million corresponding to 63.6% of the total “value of 
production” (of which €396.2 million relating to the Halmar group), while €511.4  million, corresponding to 
36.4% of the total “value of production”, were produced in Italy. 
The table below provides a breakdown of the main economic and financial data of the Itinera Group(10) for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Net Revenue 
1,406.1 
1,230.8 
EBITDA 
(141.2) 
(25.1) 
EBIT 
(176.6) 
(59.8) 
Result before taxes 
(185.6) 
(66.1) 
Net Result for the period 
(194.2) 
(70.4) 
The table below provides a breakdown of the Itinera Group’s revenues split by geographic area for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
(€ in millions) 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Italy .......................................................................................................................................  
511.4 
409.6 
Europe ...................................................................................................................................  
227.6 
243.6 
Middle East ...........................................................................................................................  
164.9 
186.1 
Africa ....................................................................................................................................  
13.8 
13.8 
North America .......................................................................................................................  
396.4 
358.1 
South America .......................................................................................................................  
92.0 
19.6 
Total revenues ......................................................................................................................  
1,406.1 
1,230.8 
As at 31 December 2022, the Itinera Group’s “Backlog” amounted to approximately €5.6 billion, approximately 
54.4 % of which related to works ordered by third parties and the remaining 45.6% to in-house works.  
The table below provides a breakdown of the Itinera Group’s “Backlog” split by geographic area for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Italy .......................................................................................................................................  
44.3% 
40.2% 
Europe ...................................................................................................................................  
13.0% 
17.3% 
Middle East ...........................................................................................................................  
3.5% 
7.0% 
South America.......................................................................................................................  
12.6% 
7.7% 
USA ......................................................................................................................................  
26.6% 
27.8% 
Total .....................................................................................................................................  
100.0% 
100.0% 
The following table sets forth the items of the net financial indebtedness of Itinera for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021.  
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
                                                     
(10) The data included in the table only relates to the Itinera Group and therefore includes the amount towards the other companies of 
the ASTM Group which are deleted in the consolidation process.

--- Page 158 ---
149 
 
 
(€ in millions) 
Cash and cash equivalents .....................................................................................................  
317.0 
238.2 
Financial receivables .............................................................................................................  
22.9 
28.8 
Current financial liabilities ....................................................................................................  
(219.8) 
(291.6) 
Net cash / (debt) – current portion .....................................................................................  
120.1 
(24.6) 
Non current financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
(53.5) 
(110.3) 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................................................  
66.6 
(134.9) 
SINA S.p.A. 
The ASTM Group operates in the EPC sector also through SINA S.p.A. (“SINA”), 100% owned by ASTM.  
SINA operates in the study, planning and management areas for railway and motorway works and carries out 
infrastructure control and inspection activities, as well as environmental monitoring activities.  In addition, 
SINA operates in the verification of tunnel safety and surveillance systems. 
In 2022, SINA incorporated Siteco Informatica S.r.l. (formerly held as an investment), a company operating in 
the development of technological software (in particular, application software managing road databases) and in 
the engineering and integration of technologies and instruments to carry out high-performance tools for 
photographic, geometric and topographic surveys of infrastructure. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SINA 
holds 100% of the share capital of Siteco Informatica S.r.l.. 
During the first half of 2021, SINA acquired from ATIVA 100% of the share capital of Ativa Engineering 
S.p.A., a company operating in the design of infrastructure work and works management, and subsequently 
resolved upon the merger by incorporation of Ativa Engineering S.p.A. into SINA. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of SINA for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
EPC sector revenues ...........................................  
91.3 
100.0% 
89.1 
100.0% 
Other revenues ...................................................  
                    -    
0.0% 
                    -    
0.0% 
Total ..................................................................  
91.3 
100.0% 
89.1 
100.0% 
_____________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022. 
The financial statements of SINA are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
As at 31 December 2022, SINA’s “Backlog” amounted to approximately €98million, about 15.4% of which 
related to works ordered by third parties and the remaining 84.6% to in-house works.  
The breakdown of SINA’s “Backlog” by geographic area is Italy for about 98.7% and Europe for the remaining 
1.3%. 
Euroimpianti S.p.A. 
The ASTM Group operates in the EPC sector also through Euroimpianti S.p.A. (“Euroimpianti”), a company 
operating in the areas of planning and production of electrical, telephone and electronic systems for motorway 
companies, and its subsidiary ECS Mep Contractor I/S. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ASTM owns, directly and indirectly, 100% of the share capital of 
Euroimpianti. 
The following table sets forth the revenues of Euroimpianti for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total

--- Page 159 ---
150 
 
EPC sector revenues 
130.5 
97.9% 
162.7 
98.5% 
Other revenues 
2.8 
2.1% 
2.4 
1.5% 
Total 
133.3 
100.0% 
165.1 
100.0% 
_____________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022. 
The financial statements of Euroimpianti are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
As at 31 December 2022, Euroimpianti’s “Backlog” amounted to approximately €404 million, approximately 
39% of which related to works ordered by third parties and the remaining 61% to in-house works.  
The breakdown of Euroimpianti’s “Backlog” by geographic area is Italy for approximately 99.7% and Europe 
for the remaining 0.3%. 
TECHNOLOGY SECTOR 
The ASTM Group operates in the technology sector (including optical fibres, advanced mobility management 
systems and traffic management software) principally through the subsidiary Sinelec S.p.A. (“Sinelec”), a 
company resulting from the merger by incorporation of Sinelec in Sistemi e Servizi per Autostrade e Trasporti 
S.p.A. in 2008 (which was then renamed Sinelec). 
Sinelec is active in the field of technological services both on behalf of the motorway concessionaires of the 
ASTM Group and on behalf of third-party companies and operates in the following business areas: 
(i) 
motorway equipment:  in particular, Sinelec is involved in the planning, installation, maintenance and 
technological adjustment of the data collection tools systems (both software and hardware), 
technological systems to manage motorway mobility (special equipment including, inter alia, 
equipment for traffic monitoring, equipment for weather reporting, operation headquarters, road 
services and automatic accident monitoring) and electrical and lighting systems of tunnels; 
(ii) 
motorway information systems:  in particular, Sinelec is involved in the planning, installation and 
maintenance of software controlling all of the technological motorway equipment, as well as in the 
monitoring and communication of traffic information.  The above business also includes activities 
related to data processing software for operative, technical and administrative purposes (including, inter 
alia, transaction processing and recording, missed-payment of tolls processing and recovery, European 
Interoperable Electronic Toll processing); 
(iii) 
information technology business:  in particular, Sinelec is involved in the design and implementation 
of IT infrastructure, management of data centres, design, installation and management of optical fiber 
network, mobile radio systems, services of IT outsourcing and maintenance of a data processing asset, 
and cybersecurity management, as well as general IT services, infrastructures, business continuity and 
disaster recovery solution, carrier-grade network connectivity and data processing for personnel 
departments; and 
(iv) 
European motorway projects:  in particular, Sinelec participates in European projects and initiatives 
relating to the application of new technologies to the motorway mobility (i.e., GPS (Global Positioning 
System) position tracking, European Interoperable Tolling Processing and data exchange, roadside user 
information systems data exchange and cross-border service harmonization). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ASTM holds, directly and indirectly, an equity interest of approximately 
100% in Sinelec. 
As at 31 December 2022, the “backlog” in the technology sector amounted to approximately €192 million, 
98.1% of which related to works to be carried out in Italy and the remaining 1.9% to works to be carried out 
abroad. In addition, 80.5 of the total “backlog” in the technology sector related to works ordered by third parties 
and the remaining 19.5% to in-house works. 
The revenues for the year ended 31 December 2022 were mainly generated in Italy (97.2%) while only a minor 
portion, equal to 2.8%, was generated abroad.

--- Page 160 ---
151 
 
The following table sets forth the revenues of Sinelec for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
€ in millions 
% of total 
€ in millions 
% of total 
Technology sector revenues .............................  
95.6 
98.2% 
75.9 
98.2% 
Other revenues .................................................  
1.8 
1.8% 
1.4 
1.8% 
Total ..................................................................  
97.4 
100.0% 
77.3 
100.0% 
_____________ 
Source:  management report of ASTM as at 31 December 2022. 
The financial statements of Sinelec are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated pursuant to the line-by-line method (metodo integrale) with those of ASTM. 
Due to the growing attention paid to the issues of sustainability and efficiency in production processes, on 1 
February 2023, Sinelec Energy S.p.A. (“Sinelec Energy”) was established in cooperation with a partner with 
extensive experience in the sector, with a 85% stake of the ASTM Group. Sinelec Energy is expected to mainly 
research, organise and implement engineering services in the energy sector, with special attention for renewable 
sources, as well as the construction, maintenance and management of systems in the same sector. The company’s 
main objective is to identify, within the ASTM Group, possible synergies between the main businesses of the 
motorway concession holders and renewable energy sources, to offer an innovative efficiency structure for the 
motorway network which, above all, through the creation of photovoltaic systems along the managed sections, 
is expected to increase the portion of energy produced for self-consumption, both with reference to operating 
the motorway stretches and the accessory services offered to users (service areas, equipped rest areas, etc.). At 
the same time, assessment of similar initiatives for other Group business sectors will begin, with an overall 
strategic vision that combines sustainable growth objectives for the Group, contributing to environmental and 
energy goals, with improving the efficiency of operating costs. 
PUBLIC PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP PROJECTS 
ASTM North America Inc. (“ANA”) is the holding company fully owned by ASTM that was incorporated in 
order to exploit the public private partnership (P3) business in the USA.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the company has bid on the American Disability Act 13 Stations Tender 
(New York) project. The New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) has selected the bid 
submitted by ANA and Halmar International LLC, for the P3 (Public Private Partnership) concession that 
foresees the construction and the operation/maintenance of 35 lifts in 13 New York Metro stations, which will 
render the latter accessible to people with disabilities. The project envisages civil works, the acquisition, 
installation and maintenance of lifts in thirteen subway stations which currently do not meet accessibility 
requirements. The project involves the construction and subsequent maintenance of the structures built. The 
initiative is a P3 (Public Private Partnership) with an availability fee paid by the Metropolitan Transportation 
Authority (MTA) with a duration of 35 years. The ASTM Group has a 100% stake in the concession, and the 
construction and maintenance will be contracted to the subsidiary Halmar International LLC. The commercial 
close has occurred on 28 December 2022 while the financial close occurred on 4 May 2023 and the concession 
became effective the day after with the release of the formal notice to proceed from the MTA. This concession 
represents an important entry into the US market and is expected to provide a base from which to pursue other 
concession tenders, particularly in the motorway sector. 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
Capex undertaken 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ASTM Group’s capital expenditures in Italy and Brazil primarily 
relate to its motorway activities, specifically costs for upgrading the motorway network managed by the ASTM 
Group.   
The following table provides a breakdown of capital expenditure for each of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
Year ended 31 December

--- Page 161 ---
152 
 
2022 
2021(1) 
(€ in millions) 
Italian Motorway Concession Holder ................................................................................  
SATAP A4 ............................................................................................................................  
28.9 
19.7 
SATAP A21 ..........................................................................................................................  
68.6 
57.0 
SALT A12 .............................................................................................................................  
114.3 
96.6 
SALT A15 .............................................................................................................................  
86.7 
93.7 
ADF A10 ...............................................................................................................................  
98.6 
73.0 
ADF A6 .................................................................................................................................  
104.4 
83.0 
SAV A5 .................................................................................................................................  
20.7 
12.1 
AT-CN ..................................................................................................................................  
99.4 
19.8 
Autovia Padana .....................................................................................................................  
68.1 
43.2 
ATIVA ..................................................................................................................................  
56.8 
30.6 
SITAF(1) ................................................................................................................................  
100.1 
54.9 
Total .....................................................................................................................................  
846.6 
583.6 
_________ 
(1) 
Amount net of investments – equal to €10.5 million – made by SITAF over the period from 1 January to 31 March 2021. 
The following table provides a breakdown of capital expenditure for each of the Brazilian Motorway 
Subsidiaries for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
(Reais in millions) 
Brazilian Motorway Concession Holder  
Ecovias dos Imigrantes 
                    194.4  
75.8 
Ecopistas 
                      86.7  
87 
Ecosul 
                      45.8  
151.8 
Eco 101 
                    284.3  
260.8 
Ecoponte  
                      25.6  
56.5 
Eco 135 
                    447.3  
254.5 
Eco 050 
                    218.6  
253.1 
Ecovias do Cerrado  
                    338.3  
145.7 
Ecovias do Araguaia 
                    773.7  
84.5 
EcoRioMinas 
                      74.3                            -    
Ecovia Caminho Do Mar 
                          -  
21.3 
Ecocataratas 
                          -  
23.8 
Total 
                 2,489.0                   1,414.8  
Total in EUR (*) 
457.5 
221.8 
(*) Based on the 2022 €/Reais average exchange rate of 5.4399 and on the 2021 average Euro/Reais exchange rate of 6.3779.  Source:  
Ufficio Italian Cambi – Banca d’Italia. 
 
The other ASTM Group’s capital expenditures for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 
relate to equity investments, such as those related to the PVTO and the Brazilian companies.  
Maintenance Costs 
The ASTM Group’s maintenance activities are focused on maintaining adequate (or even improve) levels of 
safety and the proper functioning of the motorways, paving surfaces, bridges, tunnels, viaducts and drainage

--- Page 162 ---
153 
 
systems while complying with current and expected environmental laws.  The ASTM Group believes that 
monitoring its motorways is important in order to adequately maintain its infrastructure. 
Maintenance activities include the cleaning of ditches, landscaping, lawn mowing, general cleaning projects 
and the reconstruction of road signs, as well as minor repairs of structures such as crash barriers that have been 
damaged by accidents.  Also included in recurring maintenance activities is the maintenance of the buildings 
located on the ASTM Group Italian Network, including structures located at exit junctions, and the treatment 
of roads to counter ice and snow and other adverse weather conditions. 
The following table sets forth a breakdown of the ASTM Group’s maintenance expenditures for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.   
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
 
€ in millions 
Maintenance of non‐compensated revertible assets 
232.2 
202.3 
Snow and winter services 
19.1 
17.7 
Highway cleaning 
14.3 
15.0 
Toll stations cleaning 
2.2 
2.6 
Other Costs 
16.6 
22.3 
Total 
284.4 
259.9 
Expected capex 
The following table provides a breakdown of the investments to be carried out from 2023 to the end of each 
Italian and Brazilian Motorway Concession.  
2023 - end of 
concession 
 
€ in millions 
Italian Motorway Concession Holder 
SATAP A4 ..............................................................................................................................................................  
564.0 
SALT A15 ...............................................................................................................................................................  
286.0 
ADF A6 ...................................................................................................................................................................  
389.0 
SAV A5 ...................................................................................................................................................................  
141.0 
AT-CN A33 ............................................................................................................................................................  
257.0 
Autovia Padana A21 ...............................................................................................................................................  
303.0 
SITAF A32 and T4..................................................................................................................................................  
365.0 
New awarded A12-A10 ...........................................................................................................................................  
904.0 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................................  
3,209.0 
 
2023 - end of 
concession

--- Page 163 ---
154 
 
 
€ in millions (*) 
Brazilian Motorway Concession Holder 
Ecosul ......................................................................................................................................................................  
25.0 
Ecovias ....................................................................................................................................................................  
371.0 
Ecopistas .................................................................................................................................................................  
186.0 
Eco101 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
79.0 
Ecoponte .................................................................................................................................................................  
91.0 
Eco050 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
346.0 
Eco135 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
400.0 
Ecovias do Cerrado .................................................................................................................................................  
529.0 
Ecovias do Araguaia ...............................................................................................................................................  
2,517.0 
Ecoriominas 
2,618.0 
Noroeste 
1,422.0 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................................  
8,584.0 
_____________ 
(*) Based on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.6386 as of 31 December 2022.  Source:  Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia. 
The tables above have been prepared based on the current financial plans – if already approved – or on the basis 
of the financial plans submitted to the competent authorities and still under review as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and subject to potential amendments.  The above tables do not include the investments to be carried 
out by the expired concessions managed under the interim period regime.  The investments to be effectively 
performed in the future by those expired concessions will depends, inter alia, on the duration of the interim 
period management and the relative incurred costs may be recovered also through the recognition of terminal 
values. 
The expected investments plan included in the above tables may vary – even significantly – depending on 
several factors including, among the others, the relevant authorities’ approvals, the requirements provided by 
new national or international regulations, the effective duration of the concessions, the occurrence of external 
extraordinary events, the maintenance of adequate safety standard levels, the effective availability of 
construction materials and the related price dynamics. 
EMPLOYEES  
As at 31 December 2022, the ASTM Group had 12,247 employees. 
The ASTM Group is subject to the following collective bargaining agreements: 
(1) 
with respect to the motorway sector, the collective bargaining agreement covering motorway 
concessionaires; 
(2) 
with respect to the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) sector, the collective bargaining 
agreement for builders and industry sector workers (contrattazione nazionale lavoratori edili ed 
industria);  
(3) 
with respect to the technology sector, the collective bargaining agreement for metal mechanics and plant 
installation sector workers (contrattazione nazionale metalmeccanica e della installazione di impianti); 
and 
(4) 
with respect to EcoRodovias units: (i) EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica, Ecorodovias 
Concessões, Ecovias dos Imigrantes, Ecopistas and Ecoponte: the collective bargaining agreement 
covering these companies is negotiated SINDECREP - Sindicato dos Empregados nas Empresas 
Concessionárias no Ramo de Rodovias e Estradas em Geral do Estado de São Paulo; (ii) Ecosul: the 
collective bargaining agreement covering this motorway concessionairie is negotiated SINDECON - 
Sindicato dos Empregados nas Empresas Concessionárias no Ramo de Rodovias e Estradas em Geral 
no Estado do RS; (iii) Eco101, Eco135, Eco050, Ecovias do Cerrado and Ecovias do Araguaia: the 
collective bargaining agreement covering these motorway concessionaires is negotiated FENECREP - 
Federação Nacional dos Empregados nas Empresas Concessionárias no Ramo de Rodovias Públicas, 
Estradas em Geral e Pedágios; (iv) Ecopátio Logística Cubatão S.A.: the collective bargaining

--- Page 164 ---
155 
 
agreement covering this is negotiated SINTRAMMAR - Sindicato dos Trabalhadores na Movimentação 
de Mercadorias em Geral e dos Arrumadores de Santos, São Vicente, Guarujá, Cubatão, Praia Grande, 
Mongaguá, Itanhaém, Peruíbe, Itariri, Pedro de Toledo, Miracatu, Ilha Comprida, Cananéia, 
Pariquera-Açu, Jacupiranga, Eldorado, Bertioga, São Sebastião, Ilhabela, Caraguatatuba e Ubatuba; 
and (v) Ecoporto Santos S.A.: the collective bargaining agreements covering this unit are negotiated 
SINDOGEESP - Sindicato dos Operadores em Aparelhos Guindastescos, Empilhadeiras, Máquinas e 
Equipamentos Transportadores de Carga dos Portos e Terminais Marítimos e Fluviais do Estado de 
São Paulo, SETTAPORT - Sindicato dos Empregados Terrestres em Transportes Aquaviários e 
Operadores Portuários do Estado de São Paulo, SINDROD - Sindicato dos Trabalhadores Rodoviários 
em Transportes Rodoviários de Santos, CONFERENTES - Sindicato dos Conferentes de Carga, 
Descarga e Capatazia do Porto de Santos, São Vicente, Guarujá, Cubatão e São Sebastião, 
SINDESTIVA - Sindicato dos Estivadores de Santos, São Vicente, Guarujá e Cubatão. 
COMPETITION 
Motorway Sector 
Competition in Italy  
The ASTM Group faces limited competition from third-party concessionaires and State-run motorways as well 
as competition from alternative forms of transportation.  The ASTM Group believes that competition from toll 
motorways operated by third-party concessionaires, such as Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A., and State-run 
motorways is limited as these motorways usually serve different locations from those in the ASTM Group Italian 
Network. 
The ASTM Group regards rail and air travel as the principal alternative modes of transportation to motorways. 
However, the Issuer believes that these alternative modes of transportation provide competition primarily for 
long-distance travel point to point or the transportation of goods for distances greater than 400 kilometres. 
In the short term, the ASTM Group believes that it is unlikely that other forms of transportation will be able to 
take significant shares of the Italian transportation market from road transportation.  The ongoing expansion of 
a high-speed rail network in Italy has resulted in increased competition in the transportation of both goods and 
passengers, but this increased competition has been concentrated on long distance transportation, which 
represents only a limited percentage of the revenue of the ASTM Group.  The Covid-19 pandemic has also 
driven a partial shift of transportation demand from public means of transportation to individual means of 
transportation.  However, it is too early to assess the impact of this trend over the time. 
The ASTM Group may also face increased competition in its efforts to obtain new concessions pursuant to an 
open bid process (for further information, see “Risk Factors – Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities 
and industry – Risks related to the ASTM Group’s dependence on motorway concessions and performing risk”, 
above). 
Competition in Brazil  
EcoRodovias main competitors are the motorways under the direct administration of the Brazilian Federal, State 
and Municipal Governments, which do not charge tolls and, therefore, divert traffic from EcoRodovias’ 
motorways.  EcoRodovias also competes in some of its areas of operation, such as the state of São Paulo, with 
already existing concessions, which for being partially parallel or close and having lower fares, they become 
alternatives routes for users.  As the concession programs and processes take place, EcoRodovias is subject to 
increased competition.  The increase in competition or the sponsored improvement by the Brazilian Federal, 
State and Municipal Governments of the existing highways may cause a reduction in traffic on the highways 
operated by EcoRodovias and, therefore, a reduction in ASTM Group’s revenues. 
Currently, the motorway concessions industry in Brazil has various large groups operators.  Over the past few 
years, these groups have come concentrating the majority of highway concessionaires, acquiring them both via 
public auctions and by acquisition in the secondary market.  More recently, strategic groups have passed to be 
interested in the Brazilian motorway concession sector, which is why the competition for assets can also 
increase.

--- Page 165 ---
156 
 
Other means of transport, especially rail, also represent possible competition.  Although, historically, road 
transport is predominant in Brazil, for both passengers and cargo, the development of rail transport, could affect 
the flow of vehicles on the ASTM Group Brazilian Network. 
EPC Sector  
For an analysis of the risks involved in the EPC sector, see “Risk Factors – ASTM’s business in the EPC sector 
is subject to heavy competition” above. 
The ASTM Group in the EPC Sector operates in 10 countries, principally in Italy, Brazil, Western Europe and 
the United States. 
The ASTM Group through Itinera and its subsidiaries work on projects both for the motorway companies (“in-
house” contracts) and compete with other construction companies for public and private construction contracts. 
It is worth remembering that, during 2021, in response to the Covid-19 pandemic and the generalized contraction 
affecting, among others, the construction business, the Italian Government formulated, in agreement with the 
European Union, the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (the “PNRR”) as part of the Next Generation EU 
(NGEU) program, which is a €750 billion package, about half of which is made up of grants.  The main 
component of the NGEU program is the Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF), which has a duration of six 
years, from 2021 to 2026, and a total size of €672.5 billion (€312.5 billion of grants and the remaining 
€360 billion of loans at subsidised rates). The PNRR has been designed to provide significant economic stimulus 
and simultaneously modernising and expanding the country’s infrastructure, thereby facilitating and promoting 
longer-term economic growth. Also fostered by recent legislative regulatory developments, which have 
provided for the opportunity of a wider recourse to in-house assignments, in 2022, Itinera Group has been 
awarded with some relevant maintenance and construction contracts within ASTM Group concessions, and 
further contracts are expected to be awarded during 2023. Notwithstanding the negative influence in 2022 on 
some public tenders started in the period, mainly resulting from the exceptional increase on market prices as a 
result of the Russian-Ukraine war, the Itinera Group is also expected to leverage the PNRR as part of its 
“market” activities during 2023.  
Outside Italy, in Europe the competitive climate varies from country to country as a result of the regulatory 
environment and the presence of major competitors.  The ASTM Group has currently in Northern Europe its 
key area of foreign EPC business, also considering the significant investment plan in infrastructures expected 
to be realized in such countries, as well as the more favourable regulatory and competitive environment.  Crucial 
to the success in the EPC is the knowledge and physical presence in a country, which permits the long-term 
development of a secure supply chain and qualified personnel. In this regards, it is worth noting that the 
significant loss suffered by the ASTM Group through Itinera as part of the construction of the Storstrøm Bridge 
in Denmark can be mostly associated with non-recurring and exogenous factors, such as the widespread delays 
and higher costs linked to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic effect in 2021 and the exceptional increase of 
prices of raw materials, electricity and other commodities resulting from the Russian-Ukraine war in 2022 (these 
significant extra costs ultimately caused, in respect of certain projects, the enforcement of performance bonds 
or required a revision of economic forecasts at project end (project for the Storstrøm Bridge in Denmark), 
affecting significantly the expected margin (for further information, see “Risk Factors – ASTM’s business in the 
EPC sector is subject to heavy competition” above). 
In relation to the US market, after decades of limited investment, the US transport, infrastructure and transit 
systems have been stimulated by the introduction of an ambitious infrastructure package by the Biden 
administration, which envisages approximately $2,500 billion of investments of which over $600 billion 
dedicated to infrastructures in the transport sector (roads, highways, railways, bridges, ports, etc.). Despite the 
current situation generated by the already mentioned Russian-Ukraine war, the ASTM Group, through Halmar 
Group, is expected to access a relevant market portion through calls for tenders by the main public and private 
agencies, under both design and build contracts and concessions. In this context, Halmar is actively supporting 
ASTM in pursuing PPP business.  In general, the PPP projects provide interesting returns over the life of the 
concession.  However, most of the competition present in these projects are, for the most part, large European 
construction companies. 
In Brazil the ASTM Group operates in the EPC sector though its indirect subsidiary Itinera Construções, which 
has recently signed some multi-year contracts to execute, conserve, maintain, improve and expand works of 
Brazialian highways, such as those managed by Ecovias do Araguaia, EcoNoroeste and EcoRioMinas, certain 
concessions recently won by the EcoRodovias Group in Brazil.

--- Page 166 ---
157 
 
As a means to reduce competition as well as risks the Group also favours forming partnerships with well-known 
international partners.  This approach is being applied in Europe as well as the United States. 
INSURANCE 
The ASTM Group maintains various insurance policies as protection against certain risks associated with 
operating and maintaining the ASTM Group Italian Network and associated infrastructure as well as in relation 
to the activities of its subsidiaries and thefts, robberies and extortions (including during the transportation of 
valuables).  In particular, the ASTM Group maintains “all risk” policies with leading insurance companies(11) 
by which the motorways have been insured against any damage or operating loss caused by natural phenomena 
(such as earthquakes, floods and landslides), electrical phenomena, socio-political events and terrorist acts, 
including consequential damages, demolition, clearance and reconstruction costs.  Such insurance policies also 
provide, under certain conditions and limitations, for the reimbursement of the non-collection of motorway tolls 
caused by the inactivity of the motorway following the damage caused by the abovementioned events (“business 
interruption”).  The ASTM Group’s policies, however, do not cover industrial action and the ASTM Group does 
not carry business interruption insurance to cover operating losses it may experience, such as reduced toll 
revenues resulting from work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions. 
In addition, all construction companies hired by the ASTM Group are required by Italian law to have in place 
specific all risks insurance coverage, employee insurance and liability insurance covering all damages arising 
from the given project. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
As part of the ordinary course of business, companies within the ASTM Group are subject to a number of 
administrative, criminal, civil, arbitration and tax proceedings.  ASTM has conducted a review of its ongoing 
litigation and has made provisions in its consolidated financial statements where the disputes were likely to 
result in a negative outcome and a reasonable estimate of the loss could be made, in accordance with applicable 
accounting principles.   
The total provisions for litigation as at 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately €635.1 million, of which 
€545.4 million refers to the provisions for the concession risk, being mainly the risk related to lawsuits in 
process or that might arise with the granting authority, including with reference to the management of motorway 
stretches expired, for the period between the expiry date of the single concessions and the reporting date (see 
“Risk Factors – Legal and regulatory risks – Risks related to legal proceedings”, above). As at 
31 December 2021, such provisions amounted approximately to €403.5 million, of which €321.8 million refers 
to the provisions for the concession risk.(12)   
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it cannot be excluded that the occurrence of new developments that, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus are not predictable, may result in such provisions being inadequate. 
In other cases, where the adverse outcome of a given litigation was merely possible or remote or the dispute 
could be resolved in a satisfactory manner and without significant impact, no specific provisions were made in 
its consolidated financial statements.  In such cases, in the event of losing the dispute, the ASTM Group could 
suffer negative, even significant, effects on its economic, equity and/or financial position. 
For further information on legal proceedings involving the companies belonging to the ASTM Group, see:  
(a) the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and, in particular, Note 12 (Provisions for risks and charges); (b) the paragraph in the management report 
relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
headed “Risk factors and uncertainties”, each incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; (c) the 
paragraph in the management report relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 headed “Significant operations – Update on concession tenders in Italy”; and 
                                                     
(11) The ASTM Group maintains insurance policies with Generali Italia S.p.A., UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A., HDI Global SE and 
Società Cattolica di Assicurazione Soc. Coop. 
(12)  The ASTM Group’s provisions include the provisions for litigation relating to the EcoRodovias Group which amounted to 
approximately Reais 273.9 million (€48.6 million, based on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.6386 as of 30 December 2022. 
Source: Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia) and Reais 282 million (€44.7 million, based on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 
6.3101 as of 31 December 2021. Source: Ufficio Italiano Cambi - Banca d’Italia), as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, 
respectively.

--- Page 167 ---
158 
 
(d) the paragraph “EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica S.A.” of the section headed “Other information” of 
the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
with reference to legal proceedings involving the companies belonging to the EcoRodovias Group (see 
“Information incorporated by reference”, above).  In relation to legal proceedings involving new tenders, see 
also “– Motorway Sector – Italian motorway activities – Italian Motorway Subsidiaries – Società Autostrada 
Torino Alessandria Piacenza S.p.A. – A21 Stretch” and “– Motorway Sector – Italian motorway activities – 
Italian Motorway Subsidiaries – Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.a. – A12 (Sestri Levante – Livorno) / A11 
(Viareggio – Lucca) / A15 (Fornola – La Spezia) stretches” above. 
With respect to the disclosure included in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
year ending on 31 December 2022, there have been the following updates with respect to the legal proceedings 
involving the companies belonging to the Group described in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer:  
- 
in relation to the criminal proceeding No. 5003165-06.2019.4.04.7000 before the 23rd Federal Court of 
Curitiba concerning unlawful conduct committed prior to IGLI’s entry into the share capital of the 
Brazilian investee by certain former managers and executives of EcoRodovias and its subsidiaries CECM 
Concessões S.A. and RDC Concessões S.A. described under paragraph “EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e 
Logistica S.A.” of the section headed “Other information” of the notes to the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, on 15 May 2023 the Federal 
Prosecutor ascertained the successful implementation of the integrity programme imposed under the 
leniency agreement with the Federal Prosecutor’s Office of the State of Parana. 
FINANCIAL STRUCTURE  
ASTM Group’s financial debt and maturity profile 
The ASTM Group’s financial debt as at 31 December 2022  
As at 31 December 2022, the ASTM Group’s committed and drawn financial debt(13) was equal to approximately 
€7.8 billion14 with an average maturity of 5 years and 6 months and approximately 62% of it was unsecured.  
As at the same date, 55% of the ASTM Group’s debt bore interest at a fixed rate. 
ASTM Group’s Committed debt as of 31 December 2022 
EUR/000 
Committed financing ......................................................................................................................................... 
2,109,971 
Bonds  ............................................................................................................................................................... 
4,050,000 
Brazilian Debentures ......................................................................................................................................... 
1,684,058 
Total ASTM Group committed debt ............................................................................................................. 
7,844,030 
The chart below sets forth the ASTM Group’s committed financial debt(15) maturity profile as at 31 December 2022.  
 
                                                     
(13) Excluding (i) NPV of non financial debt due to Fondo Centrale di Garanzia, (ii) fair value of derivatives and (iii) bank overdrafts. 
(14) Including Ecorodovias’ Group financial indebtedness as of 31 December 2022 based on the Euro/Reais exchange rate of 5.5694 as 
of € 1.7 billion (R$ 9.3 bilhões). Source: Sales rate released by the Central Bank of Brazil (Cotações e boletins (bcb.gov.br)). 
(15) Excluding (i) NPV of non financial debt due to Fondo Centrale di Garanzia, (ii) fair value of derivatives and (iii) bank overdrafts.

--- Page 168 ---
159 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
The table below sets out ASTM shareholding structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Shareholder 
Percentage of 
voting capital 
Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A.(2) ............................................................................................................................  
85.40% 
Treasury Shares (1) ...................................................................................................................................................  
14.60% 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................................  
100% 
_____________ 
(1) Of which 11.65%, held by ASTM, 2.92% held by Sina S.p.A. and 0.03% held by Ativa. 
(2) 50.5% of the share capital of Nuova Argo is held by Aurelia S.r.l., with the remaining 49.5% held by two affiliates of Ardian, 
namely 42.37% held by Mercure Investment S.à r.l. and 7.13% held by Mercure Holding 2 S.à r.l. 
ASTM is subject to the direction and coordination of Nuova Argo in accordance with Articles 2497 and 
following of the Italian Civil Code. Aurelia S.r.l. retains alone the sole control of Nuova Argo and, indirectly, 
of ASTM. 
Shareholders’ Agreement  
Following the Delisting, as far as the Issuer is aware, on 5 August 2021 Aurelia and Mercure entered into a new 
shareholders’ agreement governing, inter alia, (i) the termination of the shareholders’ agreement entered into 
on 27 September 2018 between Aurelia and Mercure, as subsequently amended on 13 June 2019 and published 
pursuant to Articles 122 of the Financial Services Act and Article 130 of the Issuers’ Regulation, (ii) the 
governance of Nuova Argo and ASTM and (iii) the transfer of the shares of Nuova Argo and ASTM (the “New 
Shareholders’ Agreement”). 
On 5 August 2021, ASTM shareholders’ meeting approved its new Articles of Association in order to 
implement the provisions of the New Shareholders’ Agreement for the sections relating to ASTM. The Issuer’s 
Articles of Association was subsequently amended on 21 December 2022 with the aim of providing, inter alia, 
that the management of the Issuer be entrusted to a Board of Directors composed of eleven members, as an 
alternative to seven or nine members as already provided in the Articles of Association. 
In addition, on 20 February 2021, Aurelia and Mercure entered into an agreement, as modified by the New 
Shareholders’ Agreement, whereby they agreed on the transfer from Aurelia to Mercure (and/or any of Ardian’s 
affiliate) of a number of Nuova Argo shares. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, following the execution of 
the abovementioned agreement, Aurelia holds an equity interest in Nuova Argo equal to 50.5% of its share 
capital and Mercure Investment S.à r.l. and Mercure Holding 2 S.à r.l. (both Ardian’s affiliates) hold in 
aggregate an equity interest of 49.5%, it being understood that Aurelia retains alone the sole control over Nuova 
Argo and, indirectly, over ASTM. See “– Shareholders” above. 
409
235
234
316
399
77
84
57
58
65
58
119
0
500
0
750
0
550
0
1,250
0
0
1,000
0
371
551
114
59
224
22
23
19
20
21
38
223
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
Beyond
2033
Maturity Profile (€m)
Committed Financing
Bonds
Brazilian Debentures

--- Page 169 ---
160 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
 
Corporate governance rules for Italian companies whose shares are not listed on a regulated market, such as 
ASTM, are set out in the Italian Civil Code and, where applicable, in the Financial Services Act, and the relevant 
implementing regulations. 
ASTM has adopted a traditional system of corporate governance, based on a conventional organisational model 
involving the shareholders’ meeting, a board of directors, a board of statutory auditors and independent auditors. 
Board of Directors, internal committees and independent directors 
The paragraphs set out below provide for a description of the corporate governance structure of ASTM as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Board of Directors and its members 
Pursuant to the provisions of its articles of association in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
management of ASTM is entrusted to a collegial body made up of seven or nine or eleven members (including 
at least two independent directors), appointed by the shareholders’ meeting (collectively the “Board of 
Directors”, each a “Director”). 
Directors are appointed for the period established by the shareholders’ meeting that appoints them which shall 
not exceed three financial years.  Directors can be reappointed. 
The Board of Directors has the widest possible powers to perform the ordinary and extraordinary tasks involved 
in managing ASTM.  It is authorised to take all the steps that it deems appropriate in order to achieve the aims 
and corporate objectives of ASTM, with the sole exception of the powers expressly reserved by law to the 
shareholders’ meeting.  The articles of association provide that certain matters are of exclusive competence of 
the board of directors and may not be delegated to single directors or to committees and that certain matters 
may only be resolved upon with the favourable vote of the majorities provided in the articles of association. 
The Issuer’s articles of association contains provisions aimed at ensuring at least two Directors of the less 
represented gender within the Board of Directors. 
The shareholders’ meeting held on 8 November 2021 appointed the Board of Directors of ASTM for a period 
of three financial years. In addition, the shareholders’ meeting held on 21 December 2022 amended the Issuer’s 
Articles of Association so that the management of the Issuer could be entrusted to a Board of Directors 
composed of eleven members, as an alternative to seven or nine members as already provided in the Articles of 
Association. Concurrently, the shareholders’ meeting held on 21 December 2022 approved the increase of the 
number of the members of the Board of Directors from nine to eleven and appointed Mr Beniamino Gavio and 
Ms Catia Tomasetti as Directors.  
Unless their office is terminated early, all the members will remain in office until the shareholders’ meeting 
called to approve the financial statements of ASTM for the financial year ending on 31 December 2023.  
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors of ASTM. 
Name 
Position 
Angelino Alfano(1) 
Chairman 
Franco Moscetti 
Deputy Chairman 
Umberto Tosoni 
Chief Executive Officer 
Caterina Bima 
Director 
Giuseppe Gatto 
Director 
Beniamino Gavio 
Director 
Stefano Mion 
Director 
Luca Pecchio 
Director 
Andrea Pellegrini 
Director 
Catia Tomasetti 
Director

--- Page 170 ---
161 
 
Federica Vasquez 
Director 
____________________ 
(1) 
With the shareholders’ meeting held on 26 April 2023, approving the financial statements as at 31 December 2022, the 
resignation of Mr Alberto Rubegni from the offices of Chairman of the Board of Directors and of Director of ASTM, given on 
5 September 2022, became effective. On 26 April 2023, the shareholders’ meeting appointed Mr Angelino Alfano as Director 
and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is the Issuer’s registered office at Corso Regina 
Margherita 165, 10144 Turin, Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board of Directors 
The table below lists the offices in boards of directors, boards of statutory auditors, supervisory committees or 
other positions outside ASTM held by the members of the Board of Directors of ASTM.  
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Directors outside ASTM 
Angelino Alfano 
Chairman 
Fondazione Alcide De Gasperi – Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
La Villata S.p.A. Immobiliare di Investimento e Sviluppo – 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Policlinico San Donato S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Franco Moscetti(1) 
Deputy Chairman 
Clessidra Capital Credit SGR S.p.A. – Director 
Axel Glocal Business S.r.l. – Sole Director 
Diasorin S.p.A. – Director 
Fondazione Angelo De Gasperis – Director 
OVS S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Pellegrini S.p.A. – Director 
Zignano Vetro S.p.A. – Director and Deputy Chairman 
Umberto Tosoni 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
ASTM North America Inc. – Director  
CMP Centro Medico Polidiagnostico S.r.l. – Director  
IGLI S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Tangenziale Esterna S.p.A. – Director 
Tangenziali Esterne di Milano S.p.A. – Director 
EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica SA –Director 
IGLI do Brasil Participações Ltda – Director 
 
 
Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A. – Chief Executive Officer 
Caterina Bima(1) 
Director 
B.M.L. S.r.l. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
La Lucilla S.S. – Managing Partner (socio amministratore) 
OGR-CRT SCPA – Director 
 
 
Fondazione CRT – Director 
 
 
Fondazione per l’Arte Moderna e Contemporanea CRT – 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Giuseppe Gatto(1) 
(2) (3) 
Director 
A.G. Energia S.r.l. – Sole Director 
Agroprofil S.p.A. – Director 
CGZ Condogreenzero S.r.l. – Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Condogreen S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
De.Ni.Ri. S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Itinera S.p.A. – Director

--- Page 171 ---
162 
 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Directors outside ASTM 
R.G. Di Resta e Gatto SAS – Managing Partner (socio 
accomandatario) 
Supershield Italia S.r.l. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Beniamino Gavio 
Director 
Aurelia S.r.l. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Baglietto S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Bertram LLC – Manager  
 
 
Derthona Basket Società sportive a r.l. – Director  
 
 
EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica SA –Director 
 
 
Flaminia di Gavio Beniamino & C. S.A.S – Sole Director  
 
 
Gavio e Torti Casa di Spedizione S.p.A. – Director  
 
 
IGLI S.p.A. – Director 
 
 
Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
 
 
PCA S.p.A. – Director  
 
 
SEA Segnaletica Stradale S.p.A. – Director  
Stefano Mion(2) 
Director 
Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A. – Director 
EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e Logistica SA –Director 
Halmar International LLC – Director 
Luca Pecchio 
Director 
Aeroporto di Friuli Venezia Giulia S.p.A. – Director 
M4i S.p.A. – Sole Director 
Itinera S.p.A. – Director 
Andrea Pellegrini 
(2) (3) 
Director 
Due.Di S.r.l. – Director 
Catia Tomasetti 
Director 
Banca Centrale della Repubblica di San Marino – Chairman 
of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Cassa di Risparmio di Cesena – Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
 
 
ICM S.p.A. – Director  
Federica 
Vasquez(3) 
Director 
2i Rete Gas S.p.A. – Director  
 
 
Autovia Padana S.p.A. – Director 
_____________ 
(1) Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
(2) Member of the Audit and Risk Committee. 
(3) Member of the Sustainability Committee. 
Internal Committees 
Under the authority conferred on it by the articles of association of ASTM, the Board of Directors has 
established specific committees consisting of some of its members in order to increase the efficiency and the 
effectiveness of its activities.  Such committees have a consultative and advisory role. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors has set up the following committees: 
 
the Remuneration Committee, having the task of, inter alia:  (a) assist the Board of Directors in the 
formulation of the remuneration policy; (b) submitting proposals or expressing opinions to the Board 
of Directors on the remuneration of executive directors and other directors holding specific 
responsibilities, as well as on the setting of performance objectives related to the variable component

--- Page 172 ---
163 
 
of this remuneration; (c) assessing on a periodical basis the adequacy and consistency of the 
remuneration policy; (d) monitoring the implementation of the decisions adopted by the Board of 
Directors by assessing, in particular, the actual achievement of performance targets; 
 
the Audit and Risk Committee, performing advisory and informative functions as listed in the 
corporate governance code issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as amended from time to time (the 
“Corporate Governance Code”), having the task of, inter alia:  (a) assessing the correct application 
of the accounting principles and their homogeneity for the purposes of preparing the consolidated 
financial statement, after hearing the manager responsible for the corporate financial documents, the 
external auditor and the control body; (b) assessing whether the periodic financial and non-financial 
information is suitable to correctly represent the Issuer’s business model, its strategies, the impact of its 
business and the performance achieved, in coordination with the Sustainability Committee; 
(c) examining the content of the periodic non-financial information relevant to the internal control and 
risk management system; (d) expressing opinions on specific aspects relating to the identification of the 
main corporate risks and supporting the board of directors’ assessments and decisions relating to the 
management of risks deriving from prejudicial facts of which the latter has become aware; 
(e) examining the periodic and particularly relevant reports prepared by the internal audit function; 
(f) monitoring the autonomy, adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency of the internal audit function; 
(g) entrusting the internal audit function, if necessary, with the task of carrying out specific controls on 
defined operational areas, giving simultaneous communication to the Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors; (h) reporting to the Board of Directors, at least upon the approval of the annual and 
half-yearly financial statements, on the activities carried out and on the adequacy of the internal control 
and risk management system; (i) exercising the powers, tasks and functions granted to the Committee 
of transaction with related parties pursuant to ASTM’s related parties procedure; and (j) exercising any 
other function attributed to the committee by the Board of Directors; and 
 
the Sustainability Committee, performing proposal and consultative functions on sustainability 
matters, having the task of (a) performing a supervisory activity on sustainability matters related to the 
business activity and its interaction dynamics with all stakeholders; (b) assessing the sustainability plan 
to be submitted for approval to the Board of Directors and monitoring its implementation; (c) assessing 
periodic non-financial information to be submitted for approval to the Board of Directors, including the 
assessment of the sustainability plan, the monitoring of its implementation and the assessment of the 
sustainability report; and (d) exercising any other function attributed to the committee by the Board of 
Directors. 
Independent Directors 
The current Board of Directors includes four Directors who meet requirements of independence and qualify as 
independent Directors in accordance with the guidelines provided for by the Corporate Governance Code and 
the Financial Services Act.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the independent Directors are Mr Franco 
Moscetti, Ms Caterina Bima, Mr Giuseppe Gatto and Mr Andrea Pellegrini.  
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors and its members  
Pursuant to ASTM’s current articles of association, the board of statutory auditors is composed of three auditors 
and two alternate auditors, each of which shall meet the requirements provided for by applicable law and the 
articles of association of ASTM (collectively the “Board of Statutory Auditors”, each a “Statutory Auditor”).  
All members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are appointed by the shareholders’ meeting for three financial 
years and can be reappointed.  The alternate auditors will replace any statutory auditor who resigns or is 
otherwise unable to serve as a Statutory Auditor in accordance with the articles of association of ASTM. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is the corporate body that verifies that administrative matters are in good order 
and, in particular, whether the organisational, administrative and accounting structure adopted by the Board of 
Directors is appropriate and operating as it should. 
The Issuer’s articles of association contains provisions aimed at ensuring at least one Statutory Auditor of the 
less represented gender within the Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 173 ---
164 
 
The shareholders’ meeting held on 26 April 2023 appointed the Board of Statutory Auditors of ASTM for a 
period of three financial years.  The current Statutory Auditors will hold their office until the shareholders’ 
meeting called to approve the financial statements of ASTM for the financial year ending on 31 December 2025.  
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of ASTM.  
Name 
Position 
Pellegrino Libroia 
Chairman 
Piera Braja 
Member 
Andrea Bonelli 
Member 
Roberto Coda 
Alternate Auditor 
Gasparino Ferrari 
Alternate Auditor 
  
The business address of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is the Issuer’s registered office at Corso 
Regina Margherita 165, 10144 Turin, Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
The table below lists the offices in boards of directors, boards of statutory auditors, supervisory committees or 
other positions outside ASTM held by the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of ASTM.  
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Statutory Auditors outside ASTM 
Pellegrino Libroia 
Chairman 
Daphne 3 S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
Ethica Holding S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
Ethica Sim S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
Fininvest S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Piera Braja 
Member 
 ANSER S.r.l. – Sole Auditor  
 
 
Autostrada dei Fiori S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
BASIC NET S.p.A. – Director  
 
 
Cerrato S.r.l.. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors  
 
 
Consusa – Servizi Piemonte S.r.l. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
Farid Industrie S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
FEG Brivio S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
Finpat S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
Ghisalba S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
Jacobacci & Partners S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
Leitosa S.r.l. – Sole Director  
 
 
Manifattura Tessile di Nole M.T. S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
O.M.T. – Officina Meccaniche Torino S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
Planco Finanziaria S.r.l. – Sole Director  
 
 
Praxi S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
REAM SGR S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
S.A.G.A.T. S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
S.I.T.A.F. S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
 
 
Sait Abrasivi S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
Sait Finanziaria S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
 
Tecnositaf S.p.A. in liquidazione – Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
 
 
Transenergia S.r.l. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Andrea Bonelli 
Member 
AN Rama S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor 
Caltagirone S.p.A – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
ESSEGIBI SERVICE S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor  
Garofalo Health Care Real Estate S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor 
GLV Capital S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor

--- Page 174 ---
165 
 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Statutory Auditors outside ASTM 
Govi S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor 
Larama 98 S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor 
LT S.r.l. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Maire TECNIMONT S.p.A – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Met dev 1 S.r.l – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Musinet Engineering S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
MyRe Plast S.r.l – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Nextchem S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor  
Raffaele Garofalo & C. S.A.P.A – Standing Statutory Auditor 
S.I.T.A.F. S.p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Società Autostrada Ligure Toscana p.A. – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Società di Progetto Concessioni del Tirreno S.p.A. – Standing Statutory 
Auditor 
Studio Geotecnico Italiano – Alternate Auditor  
Tecnimont S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Transfima S.p.A. – Alternate Auditor  
U-Coat S.p.A. – Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Roberto Coda 
Alternate Auditor 
Aurora Uno S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Associazione Primo Levi - Standing Statutory Auditor 
C.A.G.E.S. S.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
Chieppa S.p.A. - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
CIAC S.c.a.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
Confservizi Piemonte e Valle d’Aosta - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Consorzio Riva sinistra di Stura - Sole Auditor 
Consorzio valli di Lanzo - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Cooperativa Edilizia San Pancrazio - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Fondazione Comitato Impresa Soaciale - Sole Auditor 
Fondazione Torino Musei - Board Member 
Giuseppe Di Vittorio Scocietà Cooperativa - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Immobiliare Ropa S.p.A. - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Immobiliare San Giovanni L.2 S.r.l. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Itinera S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Logico S.r.l. - Director 
New Bravo Seven S.r.l. - Director 
Prima Electro S.p.A. - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Prima Industrie S.p.A. - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Risorse Idriche S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Rovadello S.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
S.I.I. S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Segreto Fiduciaria S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
SICOGEN S.r.l. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Società Cooperativa edilizia La Lavoratori – Standing Statutory Auditor 
Gasparino Ferrari 
Alternate Auditor 
AGAPE Cooperativa Sociale Onlus - Standing Statutory Auditor 
ASG S.c.ar.l. - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Car-Dis S.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
Codel.ma S.r.l. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Codelfa S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Darsene Nord Civitavecchia S.c.ar.l. in liquidazione - Standing Statutory 
Auditor 
F.lli Torti S.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
Fer.Net. S.r.l. in liquidazione - Liquidator 
La Suissa S.r.l. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Mondobrico S.r.l. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Ponte Nord S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Rail Hub Europe S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Residenza sanitari integrata S.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
Rivalta Terminal Europa S.p.A. - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
S.I.T.O. di Fagnano Franco & c. S.A.S. in liquidazione - Liquidator 
Smart Machinery S.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
Taranto Logistica S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Tomato Farm S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Torti Frutta S.r.l. - Sole Auditor 
Transpe S.p.A. - Standing Statutory Auditor

--- Page 175 ---
166 
 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Statutory Auditors outside ASTM 
Tubosider S.p.A. - Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Volpedo Frutta società Agricola Cooperativa – Sole Auditor 
Aci scpa -Consorzio stabile -  Standing Statutory Auditor  
Impresa Grassetto Spa - Standing Statutory Auditor 
Valle Orba depurazione Srl – Sole auditor 
Sviluppo Cotorossi Spa - Standing Statutory Audit 
Grugliasco Scarl – Sole auditor 
Colmeto Scarl – Sole auditor 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential or existing conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Board of 
Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors owed to ASTM and their private interests or other duties.  
Risk Management and Internal Audit systems 
The risk management system (the “Risk Management System” or “RMS”) implemented by ASTM was last 
updated on 23 March 2023 and was focused on the segregation between the financial and compliance risks 
relating to the holding, which are managed by ASTM, and the risks pertaining to the specific businesses of the 
subsidiaries.  
The Risk Management System structure is aimed at achieving the strategic objectives of the Issuer and the 
ASTM Group.  In particular it ensures, inter alia, the effectiveness of corporate transactions, the reliability of 
financial information, the compliance with current applicable law and the safeguard of corporate assets. 
The Board of Directors, having the responsibility for the RMS, identifies its policies and regularly assesses its 
suitability and effectiveness.  Furthermore, the Board of Directors has identified the CEO as RMS manager, 
who reports to the Board of Directors and periodically provides the results of his assessment to the Chairman 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Audit and Risk Committee and the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
Transactions with related parties 
On 13 December 2022, the Board of Directors of the Issuer, with the favourable opinion of the Audit and Risk 
Committee, updated the procedure that regulates the approval and management of transactions with related 
parties entered into by ASTM, directly or through its subsidiaries, in order to guarantee the transparency and 
procedural and substantive fairness of such transactions.  
Code of Ethics and Model pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 
The Issuer has also adopted a new, updated code of ethics and conduct (the “Code of Ethics”), which was 
approved by the Board of Directors on 23 March 2023.  A copy of the English version of the Code of Ethics is 
available on the website of the Issuer at https://www.astm.it/en/code-of-ethics-model-231/.  
In addition, by resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 23 March 2023, the Issuer adopted a new, updated 
Organisational, Management and Control Model (the “Model”) to ensure fairness and transparency in the 
conduct of its business and activities, pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, as amended 
(“Disciplina della responsabilità amministrativa delle persone giuridiche, delle società e delle associazioni 
anche prive di personalità giuridica, a norma dell’articolo 11 della legge 29 settembre 2000, n. 300”).  The 
Model provides guidelines to prevent management and employees committing offences which may cause the 
company to become liable pursuant to the above-mentioned legislative decree.  
On 25 March 2022, the Issuer also appointed the Supervisory Board (“Organismo di Vigilanza”) as the 
collective body responsible for monitoring the operation, effectiveness and compliance with the Model and for 
proposing updates to the Model.  The current members of the Supervisory Body are Ms. Caterina Bima 
(Chairman), Ms. Piera Braja and Ms. Anna Chiara Svelto. They will remain in office until the approval of the 
financial statements of ASTM for the financial year ending on 31 December 2024. 
Sustainability report 
On 23 March 2023, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the sustainability report.  This document 
includes the consolidated non-financial statement of the Issuer for the year ending 31 December 2022 in

--- Page 176 ---
167 
 
compliance with Legislative Decree No. 254/2016 and describes the main initiatives and results in terms of 
sustainability performance of the ASTM Group.  The sustainability report has been prepared in accordance with 
the “GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards” published in 2021 by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), based 
on the “in accordance” option; for the preparation of the sustainability report, reference has also been made to 
the “Ten Principles” of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), ISO 26000 (International Organization 
for Standardization) and Guidelines on Non-Financial Reporting of the European Commission.  
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer’s independent auditors are PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. (“PwC” or the “Independent 
Auditors”).  PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accountancy 
Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali), held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance, in compliance with the 
provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., which is 
located at Piazza Tre Torri 2, 20145, Milan, Italy, is also a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of 
auditing firms. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.’s independent auditor’s report on the consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The Independent Auditors’ current appointment was conferred for the period 2017–2025 by the shareholders’ 
meeting held on 28 April 2017 and will expire on the date of the shareholders’ meeting convened to approve 
the financial statements of ASTM for the financial year ending 31 December 2025. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Approval of the Issuer’s annual financial statements  
On 26 April 2023, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer approved the annual financial statements as 
at and for the year ended 31 December 2022.  
The financial statements showed a loss equal to €16,073,226.74, that the shareholders’ meeting resolved to 
cover using a portion for a corresponding amount of the “retained earnings (losses) carried forward” reserve. In 
addition, the shareholders’ meeting resolved to distribute a dividend drawing from the “retained earnings 
(losses) carried forward” reserve for an amount equal to €0.46 for each of the 65,005,975 shares entitled to 
profits distribution and, therefore, for a total amount of €29,902,748.50 and to pay such reserve with effect from 
1 June 2023. 
Appointment of the new Chairman of the Board of Directors 
With the shareholders’ meeting held on 26 April 2023, approving the financial statements as at 31 December 
2022, the resignation of Mr Alberto Rubegni from the offices of Chairman of the Board of Directors and of 
Director of ASTM, given on 5 September 2022, became effective.  
On 26 April 2023, the shareholders’ meeting of ASTM appointed Mr Angelino Alfano as Director and Chairman 
of the Board of Directors. His office will expire on the date of the shareholders’ meeting called to approve the 
financial statements of ASTM for the financial year ending on 31 December 2023. For further information, see 
“Corporate Governance – Board of Directors, internal committees and independent directors” above. 
Appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
With the shareholders’ meeting held on 26 April 2023 the three-year office of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
expired.  
The shareholders’ meeting held on 26 April 2023 appointed the Board of Statutory Auditors, composed by three 
members and two alternate statutory auditors, for a period of three financial years.  The current Statutory 
Auditors will hold their office until the shareholders’ meeting called to approve the financial statements of 
ASTM for the financial year ending on 31 December 2025. For further information, see “Corporate Governance 
– Board of Statutory Auditors” above. 
Signing of the concession agreement of EcoNoroeste 
On 12 April 2023, EcoNoroeste and the San Paolo State Government entered into the concession agreement 
providing for the exploitation for a 30 year period from the initial transfer agreement of the motorway stretches

--- Page 177 ---
168 
 
currently operated by the concessionaires AB Triângulo do Sol (442.2 kilometres) and TEBE (158.2 kilometres), 
as well as an additional 0.6 kilometres stretch, for a total of 601 kilometres. 
The step-in date and the start of toll collection in the first stretch of about 442.8 kilometres, accounting for 
approximately 80% of the total estimated toll revenue from the concession, started on 1 May 2023. The tolling 
of the residual 158.2 kilometres, accounting to approximately 20% of the total estimated toll revenue, is 
expected to start in March 2025. 
The deposit to the value of the fixed concession fee, in the amount of R$1,285.0 million (base March, 2022: 
R$1,236.6 million adjusted by IPCA inflation in the period), was made on 10 April 2023, which fund was 
obtained through the first issue of debentures by the concessionaire, in the amount of R$1,400.0 million at the 
cost of CDI+2.5% per annum, with maturity on 30 September 2025, of which R$400.0 million was subscribed 
by the International Finance Corporation (IFC), member of World Bank Group. 
Binding offer to acquire an additional equity interest in SALT 
On 11 May 2023, the Issuer sent to IGEFI Capital Solution S.r.l. a binding offer to acquire No. 116,306 shares 
held by it in SALT, equal to the 0.07% of SALT’s share capital, which was accepted by IGEFI Capital Solution 
S.r.l. on 12 May 2023. Closing of the transaction is expected to take place prior to July 2024, subject to, inter 
alia, signing of the contractual documentation.  
Approval of new sustainability-linked financing framework 
On 12 May 2023, the Issuer published a “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”, in respect of which 
Moody’s Investor Service provided a second party opinion which assigned a sustainability quality score of 
SQS2 (Very Good), based on its alignment with the International Capital Market Association’s (ICMA) 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (SLBP) 2020 and Loan Market Association (LMA) Sustainability-
Linked Loan Principles (SLLP) 2023 and ASTM’s contribution to sustainability. 
The Issuer’s “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”, together with the second party opinion is available 
on the website of the Issuer respectively at https://www.astm.it/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/ASTM_ESG-
Framework-12-May-2023.pdf 
and 
https://www.astm.it/wp-
content/uploads/2023/05/SPO_ASTM_Final_20230515.pdf. 
Previously, in April 2023, the Issuer submitted to Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), and obtained the 
validation of, its new targets. 
Sustainability-linked revolving credit facility 
On 16 May 2023, the Issuer entered into a revolving credit facility with a pool of banks pursuant to which the 
banks made available a €450,000,000, 5-years tenor, back-up committed sustainability-linked revolving credit 
facility to strenghten the Group’s liquidity profile and enhance its financial flexibility.

--- Page 178 ---
169 
 
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets out the capitalisation on a consolidated basis of ASTM as at 31 December 2022.  This 
information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to, the audited consolidated financial statements of ASTM as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2022, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See also “Information Incorporated by Reference” 
above.  
 
 
As at 31 
December 2022 
 
(€ in thousands) 
 
Cash, cash equivalents and financial receivables .................................................................................................... 
(2,587,504) 
Current financial liabilities(1) (a) .......................................................................................................................... 
1,061,938 
Non-current financial liabilities(2) (b) .................................................................................................................. 
7,039,483 
Equity  .................................................................................................................................................................... 
 
(i) attributable to minorities ..................................................................................................................................... 
1,398,242 
(ii) attributable to the Group .................................................................................................................................... 
925,931 
of which: 
 
Share capital ..................................................................................................................................................... 
31,417 
Reserves and earnings ...................................................................................................................................... 
894,514 
Total Equity (c) ...................................................................................................................................................... 
2,324,173 
Total capitalisation (a+b+c) .................................................................................................................................. 
10,425,594 
 
(1) 
Corresponds to “Bank debt” (current) and “Other financial liabilities” (current) as presented in our consolidated balance sheet 
as of 31 December 2022. 
(2) 
Corresponds to “Bank debt” (non-current), “Non-current derivatives with a negative fair value” (non-current) and “Other 
financial liabilities” (non-current) as presented in our consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 179 ---
170 
 
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Set out below is a summary of certain financial information of ASTM derived from its audited consolidated 
financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS.  The consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022, together with the accompanying notes and the auditor’s  reports issued by PwC thereon, are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The financial information below should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference 
to, such financial statements, reports and the notes thereto.  See also “Information Incorporated by Reference”. 
Consolidated income statement 
 
Audited 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
 
(€ in thousands) 
Revenue 
 
 
Motorway sector – operating activities .................................................................................  
1,425,965 
2,229,424 
Motorway sector – planning and construction activities .......................................................  
608,078 
1,304,154 
EPC sector .............................................................................................................................  
1,003,721 
926,136 
EPC sector – planning and construction activities ................................................................  
1,826 
- 
Technology sector .................................................................................................................  
22,045 
38,948 
Other .....................................................................................................................................  
170,362 
280,663 
Total revenues .....................................................................................................................  
3,231,997 
4,779,325 
Payroll costs ..........................................................................................................................  
(510,164) 
(650,943) 
Costs for services ..................................................................................................................  
(1,396,276) 
(2,051,838) 
Costs for raw materials and consumables..............................................................................  
(301,101) 
(345,676) 
Other costs ............................................................................................................................  
(211,672) 
(427,057) 
Capitalised costs on fixed assets ...........................................................................................  
564 
1,403 
Amortisation, depreciation and write-downs .........................................................................  
(287,899) 
(539,612) 
Adjustment of the provision for restoration/replacement of non-compensated revertible 
assets .................................................................................................................................  
17,554 
(7,953) 
Other provisions for risks and charges ..................................................................................  
(82,792) 
(241,491) 
Financial income: 
 
 
from unconsolidated investments .......................................................................................  
5,884 
3,144 
other ...................................................................................................................................  
35,799 
106,613 
Financial expenses: 
 
 
interest expense ..................................................................................................................  
(112,867) 
(367,666) 
other ...................................................................................................................................  
(144,431) 
(26,908) 
Profit (loss) of companies accounted for with the equity method .........................................  
(2,594) 
(8,565) 
Profit (loss) before taxes on continuing operations...........................................................  
242,002 
222,776 
Taxes 
 
 
Current taxes ......................................................................................................................  
(164,576) 
(258,310) 
Deferred taxes ....................................................................................................................  
(3,343) 
123,902 
Profit (loss) for the period on continuing operations ........................................................  
74,083 
88,368 
Profit (loss) for “assets held for sale” net of taxes (Discontinued Operation) 
- 
(1,350) 
Profit (loss) for the period 
74,083 
87,018 
Profit (loss) for the period attributable to Minorities (continuing operations) ..................  
72,878 
48,597 
Profit (loss) for the period attributable to the Group (continuing operations) ..................  
1,205 
39,771 
Profit (loss) for the period attributable to Minorities (discontinued operations) ...............  
- 
(649) 
Profit (loss) for the period attributable to the Group (discontinued operations) ...............  
- 
(701)

--- Page 180 ---
171 
 
Consolidated other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
Audited 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
 
(€ in thousands) 
Profit (loss) for the period (a) ............................................................................................. 
74,083 
87,018 
Actuarial profit (loss) on employee benefits ......................................................................... 
(1,426) 
3,523 
Share of other profit/ (loss) of companies accounted for by the equity method .................... 
(7) 
- 
Profit (loss) allocated to “reserves for revaluation at fair value” ........................................... 
1,498 
(715) 
Capital gains/(losses) from the sale of equity investments pursuant to IFRS 9 ..................... 
2,437 
(96) 
Other 
- 
- 
Tax effects ............................................................................................................................. 
274 
(752) 
Profit (loss) that will not be subsequently reclassified in the Income Statement (b) ...... 
2,776 
1,960 
Profit (loss) allocated to “cash flow hedge reserve” .............................................................. 
37,407 
77,648 
Profit (loss) allocated to “exchange rate difference reserve” ................................................. 
15,107 
137,671 
Share of other profit/(loss) of companies accounted for by the equity method ..................... 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Tax effects ............................................................................................................................. 
(5,881) 
(14,302) 
Profit (loss) that will be subsequently reclassified in the Income Statement when 
certain conditions are met (c) ......................................................................................... 
46,633 
201,017 
Comprehensive income (a) + (b) + (c) ................................................................................ 
123,492 
289,995 
of which 
 
 
share attributable to Minorities (continuing operations) ................................................... 
76,150 
131,512 
share attributable to Shareholders (continuing operations) .............................................. 
47,342 
159,833 
share attributable to Minorities (discontinued operations) ................................................ 
- 
(649) 
share attributable to Shareholders (discontinued operations) ........................................... 
- 
(701)

--- Page 181 ---
172 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
 
Audited 
 
As of 
31 December 2021 
restated(*) 
As of 
31 December 2022 
 
(€ in thousands) 
Assets 
 
Non-current assets  
Intangible assets 
 
 
goodwill  
                     184,656  
                     196,259  
other intangible assets  
                       17,624  
                       18,609  
concessions – non-compensated revertible assets  
                  7,850,180  
                  8,635,055  
Total intangible assets  
                  8,052,460  
                  8,849,923  
Tangible assets 
 
 
property, plant, machinery and other assets  
                     199,731  
                     220,723  
rights of use  
                       57,755  
                       90,165  
Total tangible assets 
                     257,486  
                     310,888  
Non-current financial assets  
 
 
equity accounted investments  
                     200,842  
                     208,131  
other equity investments  
                       38,095  
                       32,768  
non-current derivatives with a positive fair value 
                              -    
                       30,210  
other non-current financial assets  
                     677,450  
                  1,718,074  
Total non-current financial assets  
                     916,387  
                  1,989,183  
Deferred tax assets  
                     361,997  
                     468,046  
Total non-current assets  
                  9,588,330  
                11,618,040  
Current assets 
 
 
Inventories and contract assets  
                     432,871  
                     403,335  
Trade receivables  
                     339,038  
                     398,855  
Current tax assets  
                       51,594  
                       53,971  
Other receivables  
                     147,891  
                     208,810  
Current derivatives with a positive fair value 
                              -  
                              -  
Current financial assets  
                  1,610,772  
                  1,060,551  
Cash and cash equivalents  
                  1,343,680  
                  1,348,219  
Assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
                              -  
                              -  
Total current assets 
                  3,925,846  
                  3,473,741  
Total assets  
                13,514,176  
                15,091,781  
Equity and liabilities 
 
 
Shareholders’ equity 
 
 
Equity attributable to the Group 
    share capital 
                       31,417  
                       31,417  
    reserves and earnings  
                     735,690  
                     894,514  
Equity attributable to the Group  
                     767,107  
                     925,931  
Equity attributable to minorities 
                  1,283,241  
                  1,398,242  
Total equity  
                  2,050,348  
                  2,324,173  
Liabilities 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Provisions for risks and charges  
                     594,286  
                     900,615  
Employee benefits 
                       45,544  
                       41,049  
Trade payables  
                            304  
                            370  
Other payables and contract liabilities  
                  1,486,089  
                  1,440,587  
Bank debt  
                  1,380,834  
                  1,659,994

--- Page 182 ---
173 
 
Non-current derivatives with a negative fair value 
                       29,776  
                              41  
Other financial liabilities  
                  4,869,323  
                  5,379,448  
Deferred tax liabilities  
                     670,828  
                     707,890  
Total non-current liabilities  
                  9,076,984  
                10,129,994  
Current liabilities 
 
 
Trade payables  
                     715,975  
                     821,619  
Other payables and contract liabilities  
                     493,275  
                     650,363  
Bank debt  
                     678,609  
                     578,487  
Current derivatives with a negative fair value 
                              -    
                              -    
Other financial liabilities  
                     369,382  
                     483,451  
Current tax liabilities  
                     129,603  
                     103,694  
Liabilities connected to assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
                              -    
                              -    
Total current liabilities  
                  2,386,844  
                  2,637,614  
Total liabilities  
                11,463,828  
                12,767,608  
Total equity and liabilities  
                13,514,176  
                15,091,781  
 
(*) Comparative data from the previous year, as described in the notes to the consolidated financial Statements, were 
restated following the purchase price allocation relative to the acquisition of control over EcoRodovias Infraestrutura e 
Logistica S.A.

--- Page 183 ---
174 
 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
 
Audited 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2022 
(€ in thousands) 
Cash and cash equivalents – opening balance   
879,003 
1,343,680 
Change in the scope of consolidation 
415,568 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents, adjusted – opening balance (a) 
1,294,571 
1,343,680 
 
 
 
Profit (loss)  
74,083 
87,018 
Adjustments  
 
 
Amortisation, depreciation and write-downs 
287,899 
539,612 
Adjustment to the provision for restoration/replacement of non-compensated revertible 
assets 
(17,554) 
7,953 
Adjustment to the provision for employee benefits 
2,092 
2,058 
Provisions for risks 
82,792 
377,788 
(Profit) loss of companies accounted for by the equity method (net of dividends collected) 
6,782 
10,294 
Other non-cash (income)/expenses 
64,992 
22,908 
Capitalisation of financial expenses 
(35,850) 
(78,441) 
Operating Cash Flow (I) 
465,236 
969,190 
 
 
 
Net change in deferred tax credits and liabilities 
2,391 
(121,846) 
Change in net working capital 
 
 
Inventories and contract assets 
(61,471) 
(83,940) 
Trade receivables  
4,787 
(54,942) 
Current tax assets  
2,809 
(1,298) 
Other receivables 
18,000 
(58,949) 
Trade payables  
37,654 
99,771 
Other payables and contract liabilities 
(20,563) 
86,915 
Current tax liabilities  
68,113 
(27,220) 
Other changes from operating activities 
(5,335) 
23,486 
Change in net working capital and other changes (II) 
46,385 
(138,024) 
  
  
  
Cash generated (absorbed) by operating activities (I+II) (b) 
511,621 
831,166 
Investments in revertible assets  
(609,904) 
(1,361,269) 
Divestiture of revertible assets  
- 
41,184 
Grants related to revertible assets  
9,134 
6,211 
Net investments in revertible assets (III) 
(600,770) 
(1,313,874) 
Net investments in property, plant, machinery and other assets 
(11,068) 
(128,312) 
Net investments in intangible assets 
(2,366) 
(7,102) 
Net divestiture in property, plant, machinery and other assets 
2,846 
9,064 
Net divestiture of intangible assets 
239 
1,389 
Net investments in intangible and tangible assets (IV) 
(10,349) 
(124,961) 
 
 
 
(Investments)/Divestiture in non-current financial assets - equity investments 
(342,079) 
11,665 
(Investments)/Divestiture in non-current financial assets  
(26,227) 
27,162 
Net investments in non-current financial assets (V) 
(368,306) 
38,827 
  
  
  
Cash generated (absorbed) by investment activity (III+IV+V) (c) 
(979,425) 
(1,400,009) 
 
 
 
Net change in bank debt 
(326,656) 
110,519 
Change in other financial liabilities 
2,791,817 
478,102 
(Investments)/Divestiture in other financial assets 
11,215 
(48,044)

--- Page 184 ---
175 
 
Changes to equity attributable to minorities 
(12,013) 
(11,107) 
(Purchase)/sale of treasury shares 
(1,883,535) 
- 
Changes in equity attributable to Shareholders 
(53,207) 
1,068 
Dividends (and interim dividends) distributed by the Parent Company 
- 
- 
Dividends (and interim dividends) distributed by Subsidiaries to minority interests 
(10,708) 
(7,628) 
Cash generated (absorbed) by financial activity (d) 
516,913 
522,910 
 Foreign exchange differences on initial cash flow 
50,471  
-  
Cash and cash equivalents – closing balance (a+b+c+d) 
1,343,680 
1,348,219 
 
 
Additional information for Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
 
 
Audited 
 
Year ended 31 December 
(€ thousands) 
2021 
2022 
 
Taxes paid during the period 
62,164  
 153,522  
Financial expenses paid during the period 
 98,483  
 370,378

--- Page 185 ---
176 
 
REGULATORY 
ITALIAN MOTORWAY BUSINESS 
The ASTM Group’s core toll road concessions business in Italy is heavily regulated under EU and Italian law 
and this may affect the ASTM Group’s operating profit or the way it conducts business. 
Although this summary contains all the information that the Issuer considers material in the context of the issue 
of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulations.  Prospective investors and/or 
their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable to the ASTM Group 
and of the impact they may have on the ASTM Group and any investment in the Notes and should not rely on 
this summary only. 
Introduction 
The Italian motorway sector is governed by a series of laws, ministerial decrees and resolutions of the Italian 
Interministerial Committee for Economic Planning (“CIPE”), as well as by generally applicable laws and 
special legislation, including environmental laws and regulations.  In turn, such laws must comply with, and are 
subject to, EU laws and regulations applicable either during the award/renewal phase of the concessions or 
during the life of the concessions.  Motorway concessionaires must operate within this regulatory framework 
and in compliance with the provisions of the relevant concession agreements entered into with ANAS or the 
MIT (Ministry of Infrastructures and Transport), as the case may be (see “– Reorganisation of ANAS”, below).  
In February 2021 the Ministry of Infrastructures and Transport / MIT changed its name in Ministry of 
Infrastructures and Sustainable Mobility / MIMS but at the end of 2022 such name has been changed another 
time. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the current denomination is the Ministry of Infrastructures and 
Transport / MIT. 
Reorganisation of ANAS and step-in of the MIT 
Article 36 of Law Decree No. 98 of 6 July 2011, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 111 of 
15 July 2011 (“Law Decree 98/2011”), and subsequent pieces of legislation provided for the reorganisation of 
ANAS.  As of 1 October 2012, the activities and functions previously falling within the competences of ANAS 
have been transferred to the MIT.  As a consequence, with effect from 1 October 2012, the MIT has stepped 
into the motorway concessions (including, without limitation, the Motorway Concessions) in force as at that 
date as grantor.  Accordingly, all rights, powers and obligations arising from the concessions (originally entered 
into with ANAS as grantor) were transferred to the MIT. 
As a result of such reorganisation process, the competences of ANAS are limited to (i) build and operate toll 
public roads and motorways, including, in certain circumstances, those reverted to State control as a result of 
the expiry or early termination of a relevant concession, if any on a provisional basis; (ii) perform upgrades and 
improvements of public roads and motorways and the road signs system; (iii) acquire, maintain and improve 
the tangible and intangible assets of the road and motorway network; (iv) provide traffic police services along 
the motorway network; and (v) approve projects relating to works on the non-toll road and motorway network 
which are of public interest. 
The MIT’s step-in (i) does not refer to rights and obligations that have arisen pursuant to the motorway 
concessions before 1 October 2012 (so called ex nunc effectiveness) and (ii) does not affect the judicial 
proceedings commenced by (or against) ANAS before such date. 
In order to manage the new tasks transferred to it, the MIT set up an internal body named “Direzione generale 
per la Vigilanza sulle concessionarie Autostradali” entrusted by Ministerial Decree No. 341 of 1 October 2012 
with all the functions transferred to the MIT under Article 36, Paragraph 2 of Law Decree 98/2011. Such 
internal body has been subsequently renamed “Direzione generale per le strade e le autostrade, l’alta 
sorveglianza sulle infrastrutture stradali e la vigilanza sui contratti concessori autostradali”. 
The Transport Regulatory Authority in the infrastructure and transport sectors 
In the context of the reorganisation of ANAS summarised above, without prejudice to the competences of the 
MIT and of other public authorities, such as, inter alia, the Autorità Nazionale Anticorruzione / National 
Anticorruption Authority (“ANAC”) (which has replaced the Authority for the Vigilance on the Public 
Contracts) and the Autorità Garante della Concorrenza e del Mercato / Antitrust Authority (“AGCM”) in

--- Page 186 ---
177 
 
infrastructures and transport sector, Article 37 of Law Decree 201/2011, converted into law, with amendments, 
by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 (“Law Decree 201/2011”) set up a new governmental body operating in 
the sector of infrastructures and transport (the so called Autorità di Regolazione dei Trasporti, “Transport 
Regulatory Authority”).  The Transport Regulatory Authority started its activity on 17 September 2013. 
The Transport Regulatory Authority is entrusted, inter alia, with regulatory and inspection powers also in the 
motorway sector.  In particular, the Transport Regulatory Authority is entitled, inter alia, to:  (i) define tariff 
systems based on the “price cap mechanism” by defining the X parameter (so called productivity factor) every 
5 years, for (a) new concessions and (b) concessions existing at the date of entering into force of Law Decree 
201/2011 (i.e., 28 December 2011), if an update (aggiornamento) or amendment (revision) occurs; (ii) define 
the concession agreement schemes to be attached to the call for tender and the schemes of the call for tenders 
to be awarded by the concessionaires; (iii) define the optimal ambit for the management of the motorway 
sections in order to promote a plural management of the sections and to enhance competition; (iv) approving 
proposals formulated by MIT regarding the regulation and the tariff adjustments for motorway concessions; and 
(vi) helping grantors in verifying the criteria to determine the toll tariffs when an update aggiornamento) or 
amendment (revision) of the concessions occurs, taking into account the implementation status of the 
investments already included in the relevant toll tariff.  Furthermore, the Transport Regulatory Authority may, 
inter alia, (a) propose the suspension, termination or revocation of concession agreements, public service 
contracts, program contracts and any other instrument that can be regarded as equivalent, if legal and regulatory 
conditions allow so; (b) order the cessation of any action that does not comply with the regulatory requirements 
and of contractual undertakings entered into with entities subject to regulation, taking the appropriate measures; 
and (c) issue fines of up to 10% of the turnover of the relevant company in the case of:  (i) non-compliance with 
criteria for the setting and updating of the tariffs, fees, tolls, rights and prices subject to administrative control 
(ii) non-compliance with criteria for accounting separation and disaggregation of costs and revenues related to 
the activities of public services; (iii) breach of the regulations relating to access to the networks and to 
infrastructure or conditions imposed by the Transport Regulatory Authority itself; as well as (iv) non-
compliance with orders issued and measures taken by the Transport Regulatory Authority itself. 
Although the Transport Regulatory Authority has been granted the above-mentioned powers and 
responsibilities, strengthened under Law Decree No. 109  of  28 September 2018  (the “Genova Decree”), 
Article 36 of the Law Decree 201/2011 specifies that the MIT, the Ministry of Economy and Finance (the 
“MEF”) and the CIPE keep their regulatory powers, as detailed in the paragraphs above, on the approval of 
program agreements and concession deeds, with particular reference to matters concerning public finance.  
Article 16, paragraph 1, of the Genova Decree strengthened the powers of the Transport Regulatory Authority 
on motorway concessions, conferring to it powers to issue new guidelines for the determination of tariffs and to 
assess regulatory aspects also for concessions already granted (and therefore, not only for new and future 
concessions).  Moreover, Law Decree No. 162 of 30 December 2019, converted into law by Law No. 8 of 
28 February 2020 (the “2019 Milleproroghe Decree”) imposed the adoption of the new scheme to all 
concessionaires at the time of approval of their economic financial plans (“EFP(s)”) at the end of the five-year 
regulatory period. 
The roles of the State vis-à-vis the Italian regions in the motorway sector 
Italian regions have administrative, legislative and executive powers at the local level, and can act in matters 
specifically under their domain or in areas which are not specifically reserved for the State.  Regions are 
responsible for managing the network of roads and motorways which do not have a national interest and may 
grant concessions for the construction and management of regional toll motorways. 
General Regulatory Framework 
Standard Concession Agreement 
Motorway concessions were historically granted by the State. In 1992, Law No. 498/92 granted CIPE the 
authority to issue directives in relation to the revision of existing motorway concessions and toll rates. 
Since 1993, CIPE has issued several directives regarding the relationship between ANAS and the individual 
concessionaires, which form the basis for a standard concession agreement prepared by the MIT (the “Standard 
Concession Agreement”).  The Standard Concession Agreement provided the general terms which were 
expected to govern subsequent concession agreements with the concessionaires.

--- Page 187 ---
178 
 
Single Concession(s) – General 
Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as subsequently 
amended (as so amended, “Law 286/2006”) established a new regime for motorway concessions primarily 
through the requirement that concessionaires enter into a comprehensive new concession agreement following 
specific binding guidelines.  All concessionaires were required to enter into such new concession agreement 
(each a “Single Concession”), including both the conditions of the previous concession agreements in force at 
that time and the new specific binding provisions set forth by Law 286/2006, upon the earlier to occur of an 
update to the relevant EFP(s) or revision of the relevant concession agreement following the effectiveness of 
the new legislation.  According to Law 286/2006, the Single Concessions shall provide among other things, for: 
(i) 
the rate to be used in calculating annual tariff adjustments based on traffic and cost trends and the 
concessionaire’s efficiency and service quality; 
(ii) 
the allocation to the grantor of a percentage of the profits generated by the commercial use of motorway 
areas; 
(iii) 
the recognition of tariff adjustments in return for investments included in the investment plan only after 
the related investments have been verified by the grantor of the concession to have been effectively 
carried out; 
(iv) 
the definition by the grantor of general levels of quality standards, as well as more specific standards 
regarding individual services provided by concessionaires; 
(v) 
the definition of the situations that may lead to the lapse, revocation, withdrawal or termination of the 
concession, with explicit reference to the payment of pre-determined damages; 
(vi) 
concessionaires must meet the capital adequacy requirements set forth in the relevant concession; 
(vii) 
concessionaires must have their financial statements audited; and 
(viii) 
a system of sanctions and penalties in the event of material breach of obligations arising from the Single 
Concessions. 
In July 2013 CIPE issued a directive that set out the capital adequacy requirements of the motorway 
concessionaires companies applicable to new concessions whose award / notice are published following its entry 
into force. 
Single Concession(s) – Approval process 
Pursuant to Law 286/2006, each scheme of Single Concession (as agreed between the relevant grantor and the 
relevant concessionaire) is (i) subject to the technical review by the Nucleo di consulenza per l’Attuazione delle 
linee guida sulla regolazione dei Servizi di pubblica utilità (“NARS”) and to the opinion of the associations of 
the concessionaires, consumers and users and (ii) then examined by the CIPE.  Afterwards, such scheme, 
together with the CIPE’s remarks, shall be submitted to the relevant Parliamentary Commissions for the relevant 
advice. 
Following the advice of the competent Parliamentary Commissions, the scheme of the Single Concession shall 
be approved by a Ministerial Decree to be issued by the MIT in agreement with the MEF.  Such Ministerial 
Decree is required to be registered, after a legitimacy control (controllo di legittimità), by the Italian Court of 
Auditors (Corte dei Conti), the independent entity responsible for, among others, supervising public finance.  
The Single Concession will become effective after the registration of the relevant approval decree by the Italian 
Court of Auditors and the subsequent communication of such decree to the relevant concessionaire. 
Each Single Concession, once it has become effective, replaces and supersedes the preceding agreements 
entered into between the relevant grantor and the relevant concessionaire. 
Pursuant to Article 43 of Law Decree No. 201/2011, any updating (at the end of each five-year regulatory 
period) or revision (due to the occurrence of extraordinary events) of concession agreements relating to toll

--- Page 188 ---
179 
 
roads, as well as of the relevant concession’s EFP which are an integral part thereto, shall undergo the following 
approval procedure: 
(i) 
if such updating (aggiornamento) or revision (revisione) determines a variation or a modification of the 
investment plan or to regulatory aspects impacting on public finance, the MIT provides for its 
transmission to the Transport Regulatory Authority and to the CIPE which, subject to prior examination 
of the NARS, shall provide its opinion through an ad hoc resolution within 30 days of such transmission.  
The final approval is then granted by an inter-ministerial decree of MIT and MEF within 30 days of the 
transmission of the relevant modification proposal by the competent grantor; and 
(ii) 
if such updating or revision does not determine a variation or a modification of the investment plan or 
to regulatory aspects impacting on public finance, the final approval is granted by an inter-ministerial 
decree of MIT and MEF within 30 days of the transmission of the relevant modification proposal by 
the competent grantor. 
On the other hand, the rebalancing (riequilibrio) process, if in line with the above described provisions set out 
under the relevant concession agreement and the applicable regulatory framework, does not require, in principle, 
any authorisation from the EU Commission.  In fact, Article 43 of EU Directive 2014/23/EU concerning 
concession contracts expressly allows modifications to concession contracts being made, where such 
modifications, irrespective of their value, are not substantial.  Changes are deemed not substantial when they do 
not render the concession materially different in character from the one initially concluded.  In principle, a 
modification is considered substantial if, for example:  (i) it introduces conditions which, had they been part of 
the initial concession award procedure, would have allowed for the admission of applicants other than those 
initially selected or for the acceptance of a tender other than that originally accepted or would have attracted 
additional participants in the concession award procedure; (ii) it changes the economic balance of the concession 
in favour of the concessionaire in a manner which was not provided for in the initial concession; (iii) it extends 
the scope of the concession considerably; or (iv) it is a modification where a new concessionaire replaces the 
one to which the contracting authority or contracting entity had initially awarded the concession in other cases 
than those legitimately provided for under the concession agreement or otherwise. 
Furthermore, Law Decree 201/2011 introduced a simplified approval procedure for amendments to existing 
concessions, which shall be approved by decree by the MIT, together with the MEF.  Updates or amendments 
to existing concessions which result in amendments to the investment plans or regulatory aspects relating to 
public finance, shall be reviewed by CIPE, following consultation with NARS which shall provide any 
comments within 30 days. 
Public contracts  
Introduction  
Starting from 19 April 2016 the legal framework governing the concessions and public contracts has been 
significantly reformed. 
By means of Legislative Decree No. 50 of 18 April 2016 the Italian Government has adopted a new code of 
public contracts, implementing European Directives 2014/23/EU, 2014/24/EU and 2014/25/EU, concerning the 
award of concession and public contracts as well as the awarding procedure by entities operating in the water, 
energy, transport and postal services sectors, as amended (the “2016 Public Contracts Code”). The 2016 Public 
Contracts Code has replaced with effect from 19 April 2016 the original code provided under Legislative Decree 
No. 163/2006. 
– is effective from its publication in the Italian Gazette (i.e.,)  
With effect from 1st July 2023, the 2016 Public Contract Codes will be replaced by the new “Public Contracts 
Code in implementation of Article 1 of Law No. 78 of 21 June 2022, delegating the Government on public 
contracts” (the “New Contracts Code”) provided under Legislative Decree No. 36/2023 of 31 March 2023. 
Therefore, the following paragraphs illustrate briefly: (a) the current framework of the Public Contract Code 
(which, as mentioned, will be in force until 1 July 2023) and (b) the main novelties introduced by the New 
Contract Code. 
2016 Public Contracts Code

--- Page 189 ---
180 
 
In general terms, the 2016 Public Contracts Code has significantly changed the regime of the concessions, 
affecting the revision of the financial and economic plans, the risk allocation between grantor and 
concessionaire, early termination events and termination payments, step-in-right, conditions for contractual 
changes, variations and additional works, regime of works, services and supplies subcontracted by the 
concessionaires, designs etc. 
Notwithstanding the above, Article 216, paragraph 1 of the 2016 Public Contracts Code has introduced a 
specific provisional regime whereby, without prejudice to the provisions under Article 216 or to specific 
provisions set forth under the Public Contracts Code, the latter shall apply: 
(i) 
to tenders and contracts whose calls for tender or tender notice have been published after its entry into 
force (i.e., as stated above, 19 April 2016); or 
(ii) 
in case of contracts awarded without any publication of call for tender or public notice, to the tenders 
and contracts in relation to which invitations to submit bids have not been sent to the candidates at the 
date of entry into force of the 2016 Public Contracts Code. 
Therefore, based on this provisional regime, the 2016 Public Contracts Code did not apply to concessions 
existing at the date of its entry into force save for specific provisions stating their applicability to concession 
agreements existing at the date of entry into force of the 2016 Public Contracts Code.  
Article 177 of the 2016 Public Contracts Code – directly applicable to concessions in force as of 19 April 2016 
– introduced provisions increasing the percentages of works, services and supplies to be awarded to third parties 
by the concessionaires compared to the percentages provided under Article 256, paragraph 25, of Legislative 
Decree No. 163/2006 (as amended by articles 51, par. 1, of Legislative Decree No. 1/2012 and 4, par. 1, lett. a) 
of Legislative Decree No. 83/2012 converted into Law no. 134/2012).  
Article 177 of the 2016 Public Contracts Code stated the obligation of any private concessionaires to award to 
third parties, through public tender procedure, a percentage equal to 80 per cent. (60 per cent for the motorway 
concessionaires) of the works, services and supply contracts related to concessions having a value equal to or 
exceeding €150,000  More recently, with the judgment No. 218/2021, the Constitutional Court declared this 
provision unconstitutional due to its conflict with Articles 3 and 41 of the Constitution insofar as such provision 
(i) is detrimental to the economic freedom; (ii) is illogical and out of proportion and (iii) is capable of distorting 
the role and functions of concessionaires (whose activities would be, in essence, reduced to those of a mere 
contracting authority).  
Moreover, Article 178 of the 2016 Public Contracts Code has introduced (i) an interim regime of the motorway 
concessions close to expiration intended to prohibit the extension of the term of concessions and (ii) specific 
provisions for new concessions to be awarded. 
In case of motorway concessions expiring within 24 months from the entry into force of the Public Contracts 
Code, the grantor shall call the competitive procedures for the award of the new concessions at least 24 months 
before the expiry date of the concessions in force and, in any case, as soon as possible so to ensure continuity 
between concession regimes.  Should said competitive procedures not be completed within the expiry date of 
the concessions in force, the outgoing concessionaires shall continue to operate (so called amministrazione 
ordinaria) the motorway until the transfer of the operation to the incoming concessionaires at the conditions set 
forth under the concession agreements in force.  However, Article 178 also provides that, at the expiration of 
the concession in force, the grantor may decide to operate the motorway in-house pursuant to article 5 of the 
Public Contracts Code.  Furthermore, according to Article 178, paragraph 8, the grantor may request to the 
Transport Regulatory Authority a prior opinion on the scheme of the concessions to be awarded.  In relation to 
the new concessions to be awarded, Article 178 provides, inter alia, that: 
(i) 
the competitive procedures for the award of the new motorway concessions should comply with Part 
III of the Public Contracts Code; 
(ii) 
the motorway concessions cannot be granted through a project finance procedure provided for in 
Article 183 of Public Contracts Code; 
(iii) 
public-private-partnerships (where concessions are included) generally funded through availability fee 
(canone di dispobilità) may be used for any type of concession including motorway concessions.  With

--- Page 190 ---
181 
 
respect to the latter, by derogation from the ordinary rule, as provided for in Article 178 of the Public 
Contracts Code, traffic risk should be allocated on the grantor; 
(iv) 
motorway concessions relating to highways concerning one or more regions may be granted by the MIT 
to in-house companies owned by others public administrations specifically set up for these purposes.  
In this case, the MIT can exercise a control, similar to that it exercises over its own departments, on the 
aforementioned in-house companies through a committee governed by a special agreement pursuant to 
Article 15 of Law No. 241/1990.  Such committee exercises on the in-house company the powers 
envisaged in Article 5 of Public Contracts Code; 
(v) 
the operational risk set forth in Article 3, paragraph.1, lett. zz) of the Public Contracts Code shall include 
the “traffic risk” which, except for PPP referred to under (iii) above, is borne by the concessionaire; and 
(vi) 
the outgoing concessionaire will be entitled to receive from the incoming concessionaire a 
compensation for the investments made and not amortised yet equal to the cost effectively borne, net of 
amortisation of the reversible assets (beni reversibili) resulting from the balance sheet at the date of the 
year of expiration of the concession, taking into account the variations occurred for regulatory purposes. 
The New Contracts Code 
Article 226 of the New Contracts Code expressly provides for the repeal of the previous 2016 Public Contracts 
Code as of 1 July 2023, also defining the applicable transitional regime. 
According to the above mentioned Article 226, the provisions of the 2016 Public Contracts Code apply only 
with reference to ongoing proceedings, i.e., inter alia: 
- 
the proceedings and contracts for which the notices announcing the procedure for the selection of the 
contractor were published before the date on which the New Contracts Code takes effect; and 
- 
in the case of contracts without publication of the notices, the proceedings, and contracts in relation to 
which, on the date on which the New Contracts Code takes effect, the calls for tender and proposals 
have already been sent. 
In this respect, with specific reference to the concessions sector, the provisions of the New Contracts Code are 
in essential continuity with the provisions of the 2016 Public Contracts Code, presenting a formulation more in 
line with the content of Directive 2014/23/EU (the contents of which are largely reproduced). 
As in the 2016 Public Contracts Code, the New Contracts Code, after having defined the main general principles 
(Articles 176 to 181), regulates both the award procedure (Articles 1812 to 187) and the relationship 
enforcement phase (Articles 188 to 192), with particular reference to the modification of the contract, revision, 
termination and withdrawal of the relationship, as well as the takeover. 
In relation to the motorway concession sector, the following provisions (not contained in the European 
Directive) are worth mentioning. 
Article 178, paragraph 5 sets out a general prohibition on the extension of concession contracts (a prohibition, 
however, tempered by the application of Article 192 of the New Contracts Code). With reference to the 
concession contracts set forth in Article 186, paragraph 2 (see below), such Article provides that, upon expiry 
of the concession, the management of the concession automatically reverts to the MIT, which is then responsible 
for identifying the “most suitable model of transitional management”. 
Article 186, paragraph 2  provides for the outsourcing of a portion of job, services and supply contracts (between 
50 and 60 per cent) by holders of concessions, for an amount equal to or higher than the EU thresholds, and 
“not awarded in accordance with the European Union law in force at the time of the award or extension”. The 
adaptation of all existing concessions to this provision must take place within 6 months from the entry into force 
of the New Contracts Code. The application of this provision shall be supervised by ANAC. Such provision has 
been drafted taking into account Article 177 of the 2016 Public Contracts Code that was declared 
unconstitutional by the Constitutional Court. Article 186, paragraph 3, provides for an alternative measure to 
the outsourcing obligation referred to in paragraph 2 thereto in the case of the indivisibility of the supplies of 
services covered by the concession. Instead of the outsourcing of a portion of the works, services and supplies,

--- Page 191 ---
182 
 
in this case the concessionaire is granted the right to pay the grantor an amount between a minimum of 5 per 
cent and a maximum of 10 per cent of the profits set forth in the related business plan. 
Lastly, Article 186, paragraph 7 allows the MIT to award the motorway concession directly also to in-house 
companies of other public administrations, instead of a public procedure to select the new concessionaire. 
Similar control over this entity would be exercised by the MIT through the creation of a committee. 
The 2019 Milleproroghe Decree 
The 2019 Milleproroghe Decree introduced two provisions that have a direct impact on motorway operators, 
with the stated aim of amending the terms and conditions of existing concession contracts. 
Article 13 of the 2019 Milleproroghe Decree (as modified by article 13 of Law Decree No. 183 of 
31 December 2020) provides for postponement of the deadline for increasing motorway tolls for 2020 and 2021 
for operators whose regulatory period had expired when it came into force, until the procedure for revising the 
operators’ financial plans, drawn up in accordance with the Transport Regulatory Authority’s resolutions, has 
been completed.  Specifically, paragraph 3 states that:  “For operators whose five-year regulatory period has 
expired, the deadline for increasing motorway tolls for 2020 and 2021 has been postponed until the procedure 
has been defined for revising the financial plans prepared in compliance with the resolutions adopted pursuant 
to art. 16, paragraph 1 of Law Decree 109 of 2018, by the Transport Regulatory Authority, pursuant to art.  37 
of Law Decree 201 of 6 December 2011, converted, with amendments, into Law 214 of 22 December 2011.  By 
30 March 2020, the operators are to submit proposals to the Grantor for revising their financial plans, to be 
reformulated in accordance with the above regulations, which annul and replace any previous update 
proposals.  The update of the financial plans submitted by the deadline of 30 March 2020 must be completed by 
31 December 2021 at the latest”. 
Article 35 of the 2019 Milleproroghe Decree introduced new regulations regarding termination of the 
concession for a breach of the arrangement by the motorway operator, providing for:  on one hand, pending 
completion of the tender to award the concession, the possibility for ANAS to provisionally manage the 
concession and, on the other hand, (i) new criteria for calculating the compensation due to an operator in the 
event of early termination of the concession due to a breach of the concession contract by the operator and 
(ii) the decoupling of the payment of the termination amount from the effectiveness of the early termination of 
the relevant concession.  Such provisions are intended to prevail on any different provisions in the relevant 
concession contracts. 
Specifically, article 35 has established that “revocation, forfeiture or termination of road or motorway 
concessions, including those for toll roads and motorways, whilst awaiting the conduct of the tender process 
for the award of the concession to a new operator, during the period strictly necessary for the operator’s 
selection, ANAS, in implementation of article 36, paragraph 3 of law Decree 98 of 6 July 2011, converted, with 
amendments, into Law 111 of 15 July 2011, may assume responsibility for managing the related motorways, 
and carry out routine and non-routine maintenance and investment in upgrades.  This is without prejudice to 
any provisions in the concession arrangement that exclude payment of compensation in the event of early 
termination of the concession arrangement, and has no effect on ANAS’s right, in order to carry out the activities 
referred to in the first paragraph, to acquire any designs produced by the outgoing operator against payment 
of a fee based on the design costs alone and any intellectual property rights, as defined by art. 2578 of the Civil 
Code.  The Minister of Infrastructure and Transport, in agreement with the Minister of the Economy and 
Finance, shall issue a decree governing the purpose and the procedures to be adopted for the provisional 
management of the concession by ANAS.  If termination of the concession is due to a breach on the part of the 
operator, art. 176, paragraph 4(a) of Legislative Decree 50 of 18 April 2016 shall apply, replacing any non-
compliant substantive and procedural provisions in the concession arrangement, even if approved by law, which 
are to be considered null and void in accordance with art. 1419, paragraph two of the Civil Code, without there 
being, as a result of this measure, any termination by law.  Effectiveness of the revocation, forfeiture or 
termination of the concession is no longer subject to payment by the grantor of the sums provided for ion the 
above art. 176, paragraph 4(a)”. 
All the concessions of the ASTM Group were already aligned to the provisions of article 35 of the 2019 
Milleproroghe Decree except for the concessions granted to SATAP in relation to the A4 Turin – Milan and the 
one granted to ADF in relation to the A6 Turin – Savona.

--- Page 192 ---
183 
 
Recent pieces of legislation 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, new pieces of legislation have been approved which, inter alia, regulate 
ANAS powers and activities and provide for the incorporation of a newly established company entirely owned 
by the MEF and subject to the analogous control (controllo analogo) of the MIT to which, inter alia, the powers 
currently carried out by ANAS in relation to state-owned toll motorways should be entrusted. 
Single Concessions of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
The following table lists the concessions held by the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries, specifying the expiry date 
of each concession. 
Concession holder 
Concession/Motorway 
Current 
expiry date 
ADF 
A10 Savona – Ventimiglia ..........................................................................................  
30/11/2021(2) 
 
A6 Turin – Savona ......................................................................................................  
31/12/2038 
AT-CN 
A33 Asti – Cuneo .......................................................................................................  
31/12/2031(1) 
ATIVA 
A5-A55 Turin-Ivrea-Quincinetto, Ivrea-Santhià and Turin Ring Road Motorway 
System (Sistema Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese) ................................................  
31/08/2016(2) 
Autovia Padana 
A21 Piacenza – Cremona – Brescia ............................................................................  
28/02/2043 
SATAP 
A4 Turin – Milan ........................................................................................................  
31/12/2026 
 
A21 Turin – Alessandria-Piacenza .............................................................................  
30/06/2017(1) 
SALT 
A12 Livorno – Sestri Levante, A11 Viareggio-Lucca, A15 Fornola-La Spezia .........  
31/07/2019(2) 
 
A15 Parma – La Spezia ..............................................................................................  
31/12/2031 
SAV 
A5 Quincinetto – Aosta, Racc. A5-SS27 del G. S. Bernardo......................................  
31/12/2032 
SITAF 
A32 Turin-Bardonecchia – Fréjus Tunnel T4 .............................................................  
31/12/2050 
_____________ 
(1) The expiry date on 31 December 2031 is provided for in the Additional Deed signed with the Granting Body, which provides for a 
cross-financing operation between SATAP and Asti Cuneo aimed at completing construction work on the A33 Asti-Cuneo stretch. 
(2) Upon MIT request, SATAP manages the A21 Turin-Alessandria-Piacenza motorway, ATIVA manages the A5-A55 Turin-Ivrea-
Quincinetto motorway section, the Ivrea-Santhià motorway section and the Turin Ring Road Motorway System (Sistema 
Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese) ADF manages the A10 Savona – Ventimiglia and SALT manages the A12 Livorno-Sestri 
Levante, A11 Viareggio-Lucca, A15 Fornola-La Spezia motorway sections, each under a prorogatio regime until the selection of 
the new concessionaire.  For further information, see “Description of the Issuer – Motorway Activities – Italian Motorway Activities 
– Italian Motorway Subsidiaries” above. 
The Group’s motorway concessions are governed by Single Concessions entered into between the relevant 
concessionaire and the grantor. 
The key terms of the Single Concessions of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries are summarised under “- Key 
Concession Terms of the Single Concessions of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries”, below. 
EFPs of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
The following table lists the expiry date of the current regulatory period or, as applicable, of the EFPs of each 
Italian Motorway Subsidiary. 
Concession Holder 
Concession/Motorway 
Expiry date of the EFP / 
regulatory period 
ADF 
A10 Savona – Ventimiglia(1,2) ........................................................................  
30/11/2021 
 
A6 Turin – Savona(1) ......................................................................................  
31/12/2023 
AT-CN 
A33 Asti – Cuneo ..........................................................................................  
31/12/2022 
ATIVA 
A5-A55 Turin-Ivrea-Quincinetto, Ivrea-Santhià and Turin Ring Road 
Motorway System (Sistema Autostradale Tangenziale Torinese) (2) ..............  
31/08/2016 
Autovia Padana 
A21 Piacenza – Cremona – Brescia(1) ............................................................  
31/12/2022 
SATAP 
A4 Turin – Milan(1) ........................................................................................  
31/12/2022 
 
A21 Turin – Alessandria-Piacenza(2) .............................................................  
30/06/2017 
SALT 
A12 Livorno – Sestri Levante, A11 Viareggio-Lucca, A15 Fornola-La 
Spezia(2) .........................................................................................................  
31/07/2019 
 
A15 Parma – La Spezia(1) ..............................................................................  
31/12/2023 
SAV 
A5 Quincinetto – Aosta, Racc. A5-SS27 del G. S. Bernardo(1) .....................  
31/12/2023 
SITAF 
A32 Turin-Bardonecchia – Fréjus Tunnel T4(1) .............................................  
31/12/2023 
__________ 
(1) As at the date of this Base Prospectus the update process of the EFPs for such Italian Motorway Subsidiary has not yet been completed. 
(2) Italian Motorway Concession managed under a prorogatio regime in respect of which the EFP has expired.

--- Page 193 ---
184 
 
The EFP of each Single Concession is subject to revision/adjournment every five years.   
In addition, the grantor or the Italian Motorway Concessionaires are entitled to request, also in the course of 
each regulatory period, a revision of the Financial plan and the terms of the Single Concessions in case of a 
force majeure (or any extraordinary event) or (only with regard to the Italian Motorway Concessionaire) 
submission of a new investment plan which impacts the economic and financial balance of the Single 
Concessions.  The specific procedures for the adjournment and the revision of the financial plan are detailed in 
the relevant Single Concessions. 
When adjourning or reviewing the EFPs, the risk of construction is borne by the Italian Motorway 
Concessionaire once the final project of the works has been approved by the grantor, unless the increase of costs 
is due to force majeure or to facts dependent on third parties and out of the responsibility of the Italian Motorway 
Concessionaire. 
Rules, mechanism and procedure for the periodical adjustment of the tariffs 
Tariffs formula pursuant to CIPE Directive 39/07 
In accordance with Law Decree 262/2006, CIPE issued a directive in June 2007 (“CIPE Directive 39/07”) that 
introduced specific criteria and parameters for determining motorway tariffs.  In particular, CIPE 
Directive 39/07 introduced a tariff formula and provided for a re-alignment of tariffs every five years to reflect 
traffic and cost trends and investment costs in an effort to provide the concessionaire with a proper rate of return. 
According to the provisions of CIPE Directive 39/07, the tariff formulas, defined according to the price cap 
method, results from the application of the following parameters: 
 
ΔT is the annual percentage ratio of the tariff; 
 
ΔP is the annual rate of projected inflation in Italy established by the Government in its Economic and 
Financial Plan; 
 
Xr is the percentage coefficient of annual adjustment of the tariff determined at the beginning of any 
regulatory period (5 years) and unchanged during such period so that in the next regulatory period, 
without any further investments, the discounted value of the expected incomes shall be equal to the 
discounted value of the admitted costs, considering the increase in efficiency for the Italian Motorway 
Concessionaires and discounting the amounts at the fair remuneration rate; 
 
K is the annual percentage ratio of the tariffs determined every year in order to remunerate the 
investments performed during the previous year; therefore, it is calculated so that the discounted value 
of the increased incomes expected at the end of the regulatory period shall be equal to the discounted 
value of the increased admitted costs, discounting the amounts at the fair remuneration rate; 
 
Xp is the coefficient related to the productivity as determined by the grantor, according to the provisions 
of the relevant Single Concession; 
 
α is a percentage equal to 70% for the whole duration of the concession; and 
 
CPI represents the actual rate of inflation for the previous twelve-month period from 1 July to 30 June 
as measured by Italian Institute of Statistics (Istituto Nazionale di Statistica, or ISTAT). 
Finally, to be added or deducted to the tariff components listed above is a coefficient βΔQ related to the quality 
factor connected with the status of road surface and the accident rate.

--- Page 194 ---
185 
 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus the ASTM Group applies the CIPE Directive 39/07 tariff formula to certain 
Italian Motorway Concessions as specified in the table below. 
Concession Holder 
Tariff formula 
Expiry date of the 
Tariff formula 
SATAP A21 
ΔT = ΔP – Xr + K + βΔQ 
Up to the cessation of the prorogatio 
regime 
 
 
 
ATIVA 
A5-A55 
Turin-Ivrea-Quincinetto, 
Ivrea-Santhià and Turin Ring Road Motorway 
System (Sistema Autostradale Tangenziale 
Torinese) 
ΔT ≤ ΔP - Xp + K + βΔQ 
Up to the cessation of the prorogatio 
regime 
SALT A12 
ΔT = α*CPI + K 
Up to the cessation of the prorogatio 
regime 
Tariffs formula pursuant to the Transportation Regulatory Authority Resolution No. 16/2019 
Starting from the entry into force of the Decreto Genova, the Transport Regulatory Authority is, inter alia, 
bound to establish, by virtue of Article 37, paragraph 2, letter of Law Decree No 133/2014 (so called “Sblocca 
Italia Decree”), the toll tariff systems in accordance with a price cap methodology and a productivity index X 
to be updated every five years: 
(a) 
for new concession agreements (as it was required by the Sblocca Italia Decree before the entry into 
force of Decreto Genova); and 
(b) 
for ongoing concession agreements at the date of the entry into force of the Sblocca Italia Decree when 
an update (aggiornamento) or amendment (revisione) occurs under Article 43, paragraph 1 and, for the 
matters regarding the Transport Regulatory Authority competence, paragraph 2 of the same decree, 
whether such updates or revisions involve (paragraph 1), or not (paragraph 2), changes or modifications 
to the investment plan or to regulatory aspects impacting on public finance. 
For such purposes, the Transport Regulatory Authority issued the resolution No. 16/2019 (“Resolution 
No. 16/2019”), by means of which (i) described the tariff system based on the price cap mechanism and defined 
the “X productivity factor” and (ii) commenced the procedure to establish the tariff systems for the Single 
Concessions, after specific public consultations. 
The Transport Regulatory Authority Resolution No. 16/2019 is focused on establishing, as a priority, the tariff 
systems for the 16 ongoing concession agreements listed in the addendum of Annex A thereto for which the 
five-year regulatory period has expired (i) in the period following the entry into force of Decreto Genova and 
(ii) before the entry into force of the Genova Decree, without the process of updating the EFP having been 
completed by such date. 
In particular, the tariff systems established for each of the above 16 concession agreements applied starting from 
1 January 2020 and include a safeguard measure aimed at ensuring that concessionaires recover those 
investments already carried out or ongoing in compliance with the level of profitability resulting from the 
application of the previous tariff systems. 
The Annex A to the Resolution No. 16/2019 (“Annex A”) sets forth the following principles on which the tariff 
system is based: 
a) 
definition of five-year regulatory period at the end of which both the business plan and the regulatory 
financial plan shall be updated, in compliance with the principles and criteria set out in the Resolution 
No. 16/2019, also with regard to the revision of the price cap parameters (including costs referred to 
base year, traffic forecasts and productivity factor X) and of the WACC; 
b) 
differentiation of activities between (i) motorway activities which are directly subject to tariff 
regulation, related to design, construction, operation, ordinary and extraordinary maintenance of

--- Page 195 ---
186 
 
motorway sections; (ii) ancillary activities which are not directly subject to tariff regulation, but are 
relevant for the purpose of allocating the extra profitability deriving from their performance, related to 
the commercial exploitation of motorway areas and related appurtenances (e.g., fuel and lubricant 
distribution services and commercial and catering services in rest areas, ducts, road signs and 
information boards, technology and information services); (iii) activities which are not relevant for the 
tariff system related to activities different from the activities sub (i) and (ii); in this respect, the tariff 
system relates to motorway activities only, without prejudice to the takeover of extra-profits from 
ancillary activities; 
c) 
definition of the methods for determination of tariffs through (i) the identification of the perimeter of 
the concessionaire’s eligible costs, (ii) the identification of an initial maximum tariff level in relation to 
each tariff component and related traffic forecast (iii) the application of the price cap method with 
determination of the productivity factor X as established by the Transport Regulatory Authority; 
d) 
provision of effective safeguarding systems aimed at directly transferring, in terms of tariff reduction, 
any “extra-profits” resulting from final traffic volumes disproportionately higher than the (potentially 
underestimated) traffic forecasts; 
e) 
provision of a reward/penalty system for the quality of the services offered allowing the grantor to 
(i) identify the indicators and the quality targets, (ii) monitor their achievement and the motorway 
concessionaire’s performance, and consequently (iii) immediately apply penalty/reward mechanisms 
directly impacting the tariffs applied to the user; 
f) 
accounting separation obligations for the concessionaire and provision of the related regulatory 
accounting system. 
On the basis of such principles, the tariff system defined by the Transport Regulatory Authority pursues two 
pivotal purposes. 
On one side, it is intended to ensure annual dynamics of the operational tariff component based on the price cap 
method and consistent with the achievement of the productivity recovery target. 
On the other side, it is aimed to allow the concessionaire, with reference to the concession term and in 
accordance with the cost-orientation principle set forth by the Transport Regulatory Authority, a return on 
invested capital equal to the pre-tax rate of return referred to under paragraph 16 of the Annex A, with respect 
to the investments: 
 
made on (reversible) assets provided in concession, including the termination value (valore di subentro) 
actually paid to the out-coming concessionaire, consisting of the value of approved works, that have 
already been already executed and have not been not yet amortised upon expiry of the previous 
concession, net of:  (i) pre-established reserves for late investments, subject to assessments of the 
grantor; (ii) “debt from imputed value” (debito da poste figurative), allocated to the risks and charges 
funds, consisting of toll revenues exceeding the costs eligible as remuneration by the grantor (the 
“Construction Component”); 
 
made on the concessionaire’s (non-reversible) operating assets, where relevant and efficient (the “Opex 
Component”). 
In more detail: 
a) 
“Opex Component” primarily designed to recover operating costs (e.g. labour costs, materials etc.) plus 
average maintenance costs of the last five years measured on the utilization of renewal fund and such 
costs being reduced by the extra margins from ancillary services (e.g. services area); and (ii) capital 
charges, including depreciations and remuneration of non reversible assets (calculated based on a 
WACC nominal pre-tax set by the Transport Regulatory Authority), estimated with reference to the so-
called “base” year and adjusted annually on the basis of: 
(i) 
100% of the target inflation rate; 
(ii) 
the above “X” productivity indicator or efficiency indicator, the latter established by the 
Transport Regulatory Authority for every five-year regulatory period;

--- Page 196 ---
187 
 
(iii) 
penalties/bonuses relating to quality of service. 
After the first regulatory period, the operational charge is re-calculated every five years starting from 
the costs accounted in the base year of the new regulatory period; 
b) 
the “Construction Component” designed to cover the cost of capital (depreciation and a return on Net 
Invested Capital attributable to assets to be handed over to the Concession Grantor at the end of the 
concession term) and divided into: 
(i) 
a sub-component (“RAB ante”) relating to (a) assets to be handed over at the expiration of the 
concession that, as of the entry into force of the new tariff regime, have been completed or 
(b) investments in progress.  RAB ante is remunerated at an internal rate of return used under 
the previous tariff regime in application of the so-called safeguard mechanism; 
(ii) 
a sub-component (“RAB post) relating to assets to be handed over at the expiration of the 
concession for which, as of the entry into force of the new tariff regime, investments have not 
yet been agreed.  RAB post is remunerated at a WACC which is set every five years according 
to market conditions by the Transport Regulatory Authority. 
The Construction Component may be subject to adjustments (“poste figurative”) in order to 
smooth tariff increases through the concession term; the application of lower tariff increases 
corresponds to a credit to be included in the RAB. 
c) 
the “Additional Expenses Component”, which covers specific costs that the operator is required to pay 
to the State or to other previously identified entities. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the ASTM Group refers to the tariff formula envisaged by Resolution 
No. 16/2019 to SATAP A4, ATCN A33,  ADF A6, SALT A15, SAV A5 and SITAF A32. 
Amendments to the tariffs adjustments 
The procedure for the annual tariff adjustment provides, inter alia, as follow: 
(i) 
by 15 October of each year the concessionaires must provide only the grantor (i.e., the MIT) with a 
proposal of tariff adjustment based on the formulas provided by the Single Concessions as well as the 
value of the K factor (i.e., the tariff component, as defined above, representing the investments carried 
out by the motorway concessionaire) to be remunerated through the tariff formula and the X factor 
relating to each additional intervention; 
(ii) 
by 15 December the MIT, in agreement with the MEF, shall approve or reject the tariff proposal by 
means of a reasoned decree.  The rejection of the tariff proposal may concern only irregularities of the 
values included in the tariff formula and material breaches of the obligations set forth by the Concession 
agreement and contested by the grantor(16) by June 30 of the previous year. 
(iii) 
in the event the tariff proposal is approved, the annual tariff increases become effective by 1 January of 
the following year. 
Italian Motorway Subsidiaries – Tariffs formula adjustments for the recent years 
The ASTM Group’s proposal for the annual tariff adjustment for 2021 was filed with the grantor by 
15 October 2020.  Except for Autovia Padana, no tariffs adjustments have been recognized by the MIT to the 
relevant Italian Motorway Concessionaires for 2021. 
Furthermore, the ASTM Group’s proposal for the annual tariff adjustment for 2022 was filed with the MIT by 
15 October 2021. Except for Autovia Padana and SITAF (T4), no tariffs adjustments have been recognized by 
the MIT to the relevant Italian Motorway Concessionaires for 2022. 
                                                     
(16) It must be noted that Article 21, Paragraph 5, of Law Decree No. 355 of 24 December 2003 makes reference to material breaches 
of the contractual obligations challenged “by the concessionaire”, but it is reasonable to deem that such contestation shall come 
by the grantor.

--- Page 197 ---
188 
 
Lastly, the ASTM Group’s proposal for the annual tariff adjustment for 2023 was filed with the MIT by 
15 October 2022. Except for Autovia Padana, SATAP A4, AT-CN and SITAF (T4), no tariffs adjustments have 
been recognized by the MIT to the relevant Italian Motorway Concessionaires for 2023. 
Concession Fees and Surcharges 
Pursuant to Article 1, Paragraph 1020, of Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006 (“Law 296/2006”) the motorway 
concessionaires must pay to the grantor, as of 1 January 2007, a concession fee equal to 2.4 per cent of the net 
revenues of toll fees(17). 
Law No. 102 of 3 August 2009 (“Law 102/2009”) converting into law (with amendments) Law Decree 78 of 
1 July 2009, introduced an increase of the concession fee charged to the motorway concessionaire (the 
“Surcharge”) to be remitted to the MIT and the Ministry of Economy and Finance and to be calculated on the 
basis of the distance in kilometres covered by each vehicle using the motorway (the Surcharge is equal to Euro 
0.003 per kilometre for vehicles in classes A and B and to Euro 0.009 per kilometre for vehicles in classes 3, 4 
and 5). 
Law Decree 78/2010 has introduced a further increase of the Surcharge due to the grantor by the motorway 
concessionaires.  In particular, Article 15, paragraph 4, of Law Decree 78/2010 set forth that the motorway 
concessionaires shall pay to the grantor the following extra charges: 
(a) 
Euro 0.001 per kilometre for vehicles in classes A and B and Euro 0.003 per kilometre for vehicles in 
classes 3,4 and 5.  Such amounts shall be paid starting from the first day following the second month 
from the entrance into force of the Stabilisation Law Decree; and 
(b) 
Euro 0.002 per kilometre for vehicles in classes A and B and Euro 0.006 per kilometre for vehicles in 
classes 3,4 and 5 starting from 1 January 2011. 
In any event, the concessionaire recovers the greater fee to be paid to the grantor (i.e. the Surcharge) by 
proportionally increasing the relative toll tariffs. 
As of 1 January 2011, the total amount of extra charges is equal to Euro 0.006 per kilometre for vehicles in 
classes A and B and Euro 0.018 per kilometre for vehicles in classes 3, 4 and 5. 
Key Concession Terms of the Single Concessions of the Italian Motorway Subsidiaries 
The Single Concessions awarded to ADF, AT-CN, ATIVA, Autovia Padana, SALT, SATAP, SAV and SITAF 
contain a set of key common provisions concerning, inter alia, (i) the list of the obligations to be fulfilled by 
the Italian Motorway Concessionaires; (ii) the procedures for the approval of any changes of the Italian 
Motorway Concessionaire’s share capital; (iii) the sanctions and penalties applicable by the grantor (originally 
being ANAS and as at the date hereof the MIT) in the event of material breach of obligations undertaken by the 
Italian Motorway Concessionaires; (iv) the concession fees due to the grantor for the possession of the 
motorway infrastructures; (v) the specific formulas and procedures for the annual tariff adjustment; (vi) the 
procedure applicable in case of early termination of the Single Concessions and the compensation to which the 
Italian Motorway Concessionaires are entitled; (vii) the procedure for the revision of the financial plan; and 
(viii) the award of the sub-concessions. 
(a) 
Italian Motorway Subsidiaries main obligations 
The Italian Motorway Concessionaires’ main obligations include, inter alia, the duty to: 
(i) 
manage and maintain the motorway infrastructure; 
(ii) 
organise, maintain and promote motorist assistance services; 
(iii) 
design and carry out the works provided in each Single Concession; 
(iv) 
annually provide the grantor with the plan for the ordinary maintenance activities of the 
motorway infrastructure, to be carried out over the next year; 
                                                     
(17) Currently, a percentage of 42% is destined to ANAS. Pursuant to Article. 1, paragraph 362, of Legislative Decree No. 90/2014, 
starting from 2017 such percentage will be reduced to 21%.

--- Page 198 ---
189 
 
(v) 
provide the grantor, for its approval, with the plans for the extra-ordinary maintenance activity 
of the motorway infrastructures (i.e. any and all maintenance services not included in the 
ordinary maintenance services under (iv) above); 
(vi) 
submit to the grantor the final and executive projects of the works provided in the Single 
Concessions for the relevant approval; 
(vii) 
keep detailed financial accounts, including traffic data, for each section of the motorway; 
(viii) 
provide the grantor quarterly with specific and detailed accounting reports; 
(ix) 
have the financial accounts audited by an auditing firm to be selected in compliance with the 
applicable laws; 
(x) 
assign any works, services and supply in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations; 
(xi) 
submit the public notice relating to the competitive tender procedure called for the award to 
third parties of the works provided for in each Single Concession to the grantor; 
(xii) 
request and obtain any guarantee and insurance required by the Public Contracts Code; 
(xiii) 
provide and maintain in its by-laws (a) appropriate provisions to avoid any conflict of interests 
of the relevant directors, and (b) integrity and professional requirements of the directors — and, 
for at least some of them, also independence requirements – pursuant to Article 2387 of the 
Italian Civil Code; 
(xiv) 
maintain in its by-laws provisions pursuant to which (a) the Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors (or, in any case, of the relevant supervisory board) shall be an officer of the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) a member of the Board of Statutory Auditors (or, in 
any case, of the relevant supervisory board) shall be an officer of the grantor; 
(xv) 
register in a specific reserve fund (Fondo rischi ed oneri) the amounts deriving from the benefit 
from the delay or default in the realisation of the planned new investments(18); and 
(xvi) 
meet specific capital adequacy requirements indicated in the relevant Single Concessions. 
In addition to the obligations set out under items (i) to (xvi) above (excluding items (xi) and (xv) above) 
Autovia Padana’s main obligations include, inter alia, the duty to: 
(i) 
assign any works, services and supply to third parties in accordance with any applicable laws 
and regulations and, in case of award to third parties of the Lot 2 Works (as defined below), the 
relevant agreements shall provide for the concessionaire’s right of withdrawal in the event that, 
inter alia, the concessionaire does not raise funds needed for the realisation of the Lot 2 works 
within the first regulatory period; 
(ii) 
require the MIT to nominate commission related to the competitive tender procedure called for 
the award to third parties, without prejudice to the powers of ANAC; 
(iii) 
submit to the Supreme Counsel of Public Works (Consiglio Superiore dei Lavori Pubblici), for 
its technical and economic evaluation, the works’ projects in the cases provided for by 
Ministerial Decree No. 399/2009; 
(iv) 
require to CIPE the Unique Project’s Code (“CUP”) for each intervention; 
(v) 
comply with the provision of Law No.136/2010; 
(vi) 
draft and yearly update the Carta dei Servizi (service charter), specifying the details of the 
quality standards for each relevant service, as provided by applicable laws.  Its results shall be 
submitted every year to the grantor; 
                                                     
18 
According to the principle of “economic neutrality” (neutralità economica) the recovery of the amounts related to investments 
planned and not executed is carried out so that the relevant Italian Motorway Concessionaire cannot receive any economic or 
financial benefit from the failure or the delay in the realisation of such investments.

--- Page 199 ---
190 
 
(vii) 
hand over, upon expiry of the concession, the motorway together with all the appurtenances 
(pertinenze) in good state of maintenance taking into account the normal wear of the motorway. 
(b) 
Extraordinary transactions and change of control clauses 
The Single Concessions provide that any transaction involving the merger, demerger, transfer of 
business, transfer of the headquarter, liquidation and changes in the corporate objects as well as any 
transfer of the controlling shareholdings of the Italian Motorway Concessionaires or disposal of real 
estate reversible assets construed (beni immobili reversibili accatastati) by any Italian Motorway 
Subsidiary shall be previously authorised by the grantor. 
Should the Italian Motorway Concessionaire carry out any of the above mentioned transactions without 
the relevant prior authorisation by the grantor, the relevant Single Concessions could be subject to the 
early termination procedure. 
(c) 
Penalties and sanctions 
The Italian Motorway Concessionaires may be required by the grantor to pay penalties and sanctions in 
case of material breach or default of certain specified obligations arising from the Single Concessions. 
According to the terms of the contract, penalties range from a minimum amount of Euro 10,000 up to a 
maximum amount of €1 million and the highest penalty applies in case of breach of the obligation to 
provide the motorist assistance service. 
Always according to the terms of the contract, sanctions range from a minimum amount of Euro 25,000 
up to a maximum amount of Euro 5 million and the highest sanction applies in case of breach of the 
obligation to seek the previous authorisation of the grantor to execute any transaction set forth under 
letter b) above.  The maximum amount of sanctions in any reference year of the Single Concession 
cannot exceed 10 per cent. of revenues for that year, up to a maximum of Euro 150 million. 
Should the maximum amount of the sanctions applicable in each reference year be exceeded for two 
consecutive years, the Single Concession could be subject to the early termination procedure. 
With reference to the Autovia Padana, by way of a non exhaustive listing, a penalty shall be applied in 
case of any delay in the activities of design provided by the Single Concession or works, as established 
in the timeline approved by the grantor.  In the latter case, the grantor may apply a penalty equal to Euro 
25,000 for every month of delay (rounded down) concerning the starting and the completion of the 
interventions, unless the delay arises from a cause not attributable to the concessionaire or depends on 
any fact relating to a third party.  In the event of (i) application of ten penalties in the maximum amount; 
or (ii) delay in payment of penalties greater than 20 days, the Single Concession could be subject to the 
early termination procedure. 
Sanctions shall be applied according to the provisions of Law No. 689/1981 and their range start from 
a minimum amount of Euro 25,000 up to a maximum amount of Euro 150 million. 
The law also provides for a penalty in art. 177 of Legislative Decree 50/2016 establishing that, in the 
case of situations of imbalance repeated for two consecutive years, the grantor applies a penalty equal 
to 10 percent of the total amount of the works, services or supplies that should have been entrusted with 
public procedure. 
(d) 
Concession fees 
Under the Single Concessions, the Italian Motorway Concessionaires are required to pay to the grantor 
an annual fee equal to 2.4 per cent. of the net toll revenues for the occupation of the motorway 
infrastructure. 
The concession fee shall be further integrated with a surcharge to be paid by the Italian Motorway 
Concessionaire to the grantor in compliance with Law 102/2009.  For further details, see “Regulatory 
– Concession Fees and Surcharges”, above. 
In addition to the above, the Italian Motorway Concessionaires are required to pay to the grantor a 
percentage ranging from 5 per cent and 20 per cent (as the case may be) of the revenues deriving from

--- Page 200 ---
191 
 
any sub-concessions or sub-contracts awarded for the refuelling and catering activities(19) including fees 
related to the commercial use of the telecommunications networks. 
(e) 
Expiration or Early Termination of Single Concessions 
Expiration of the Single Concessions 
Upon the expiration date of each Single Concession, the relevant Italian Motorway Concessionaire is 
required to transfer the motorways and related infrastructure to the grantor without any compensation 
due to it and in a good state of repair.  In any event, each Italian Motorway Concessionaire shall continue 
to manage the motorway infrastructure granted by virtue of the Single Concession until the succession 
by the new incoming concessionaire selected through competitive procedures. 
Operation of the motorway in case of early termination 
Pursuant to Article 35 of the 2019 Milleproroghe Decree, should the Single Concessions be early 
terminated, ANAS may operate and maintain the relevant motorway infrastructures until the grantor 
will award the concession to a new concessionaire. 
ANAS shall perform such temporary operation in compliance with a Ministerial Decree that shall be 
issued by the MIT in agreement with the MEF and MEF. 
Moreover, 2019 Milleproroghe Decree also sets forth the validity of Single Concessions clauses 
excluding the Italian Motorway Concessionaire from any compensation in case of early termination. 
For further information in this respect, see also “General Regulatory Framework – Background and 
developmnets - The 2019 Milleproroghe Decree” above. 
Early termination due to the acts of the Italian Motorway Concessionaires 
Each Single Concession sets out specific procedures for the early termination of the Concession in case 
of material (and not remedied) breach by the relevant Italian Motorway Concessionaire of the 
obligations arising from each Single Concession. 
In case of material breach by the Italian Motorway Concessionaire of any of the obligations set forth in 
the relevant Single Concession, the grantor shall deliver to the relevant Italian Motorway 
Concessionaire a notice requiring it to remedy such breach within a specified and reasonable timeframe 
or to provide the grantor with the reasons for the breach. 
Should the unfulfilled obligations not be performed by the Italian Motorway Concessionaire within the 
timeframe fixed by the grantor or the reasons provided to the grantor in relation to such breach not be 
satisfactory, then the grantor may initiate the procedure to terminate the relevant Single Concession, 
which is as follows: 
(i) 
the grantor shall notify the Italian Motorway Concessionaire of the breach of a specific 
contractual obligation and shall require the Italian Motorway Concessionaire to remedy the 
contested breach within a set time period, which cannot be less than 90 days from the 
notification.  Within this timeframe, the Italian Motorway Concessionaire is entitled to submit 
defences and objections to support its own position to the grantor; 
(ii) 
Should the obligations of the Italian Motorway Concessionaire not be fulfilled within the 
timeframe under point (i) above, or the defences submitted by the Italian Motorway 
Concessionaire be rejected by the grantor, this latter shall set a further timeframe, which cannot 
be less than 60 days, to allow the Italian Motorway Concessionaire to perform the unfulfilled 
obligations; and 
(iii) 
in the event that the Italian Motorway Concessionaire does not remedy the contested breach 
within the timeframe provided in point (ii), within 90 days from the expiry of the timeframe 
under point (ii), the grantor may request that the Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport, 
                                                     
19 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the AT-CN Single Convention, the percentage of the revenues deriving from any sub-concessions to be 
paid by the Italian Motorway Concessionaire amounts to 90 per cent.

--- Page 201 ---
192 
 
jointly with the Ministry of Economy and Finance, issue a decree declaring the early 
termination of the relevant Single Concession.  In such event, the Italian Motorway 
Concessionaire is obliged to continue managing the concession until such concession is 
transferred to a new incoming concessionaire. 
Should the decree declaring the early termination of the Single Concession be adopted, the grantor will 
step into the role of the relevant Italian Motorway Concessionaire, undertaking all its obligations and 
benefits arising from the Single Concession. 
The 2019 Milleproroghe Decree provides a new regulation for the amount that Italian Motorway 
Concessionaires are entitled to receive from the grantor in case of early termination due to their acts.  
In particular, should the Single Concessions be terminated due to material breach by the Italian 
Motorway Concessionaire of any of the obligations set forth in the same, the latter is entitled to receive 
only (a) the value of the works realised plus additional charge (including the take over costs) less any 
amortisation, according to any applicable law; or (b) in case of missed testing (collaudo) of the relevant 
motorway infrastructure, the effective costs incurred by the concessionaire. 
Any Single Concession clause providing a different regulation of the termination value is to be 
considered null and void and, as a consequence, automatically replaced by the above reported provision.  
In such respect, the concessionaire is not entitled to exercise any termination in law of the concession. 
Moreover, the decree declaring the early termination of the Single Concession shall be effective even 
before the payment of the amounts due to the concessionaire. 
For further information in this respect, see also “General Regulatory Framework – Background and 
developmnets - The 2019 Milleproroghe Decree” above. 
Early Termination, revocation and withdrawal due to the grantor 
In the event that the early termination of the Single Concessions is due to the breach by ANAS/MIT of 
any of its obligations, or should the Single Concessions be revoked by ANAS/MIT for reasons of public 
interest, the Italian Motorway Concessionaire is entitled to receive a compensation equal to (i) the value 
of the works executed, free from any amortisation cost, or – in the event that the works have not been 
tested (collaudo) – the costs borne by the Italian Motorway Concessionaire, (ii) the penalties and any 
other costs borne or to be borne due to the early termination, (iii) an indemnity fee, as compensation for 
the loss of income, equal to 10 per cent, (10.0%) of the value of the works still to be executed or of the 
portion of the service still to be carried out, appraised on the basis of the financial plan. 
With regard to the Single Concessions of AT-CN, Autovia Padana and SATAP, the amounts so 
determined shall be applied in priority to satisfy the payment obligations undertaken by the Italian 
Motorway Concessionaires vis-à-vis any relevant lender and shall not be used until such payment 
obligations have been fully satisfied, without prejudice to any further amendment of the applicable laws 
and regulations.  In any event, the early termination of the Single Concession shall become effective 
upon any and all payments related to the indemnity fees due to the Italian Motorway Concessionaires 
by the grantor being fully satisfied. 
For further information in this respect, see also “General Regulatory Framework – Background and 
developmnets - The 2019 Milleproroghe Decree” above. 
(f) 
Sub-concessions for Services on the Motorways 
Sub-concessions for carrying out food and beverage and mini-market and refuelling services in the 
motorway service areas are awarded to third parties through competitive procedures in compliance with 
the principles set forth by Article 11, paragraph 5-ter, of Law No. 498/1992, as amended by 
Law 296/2006 and with any indication provided by the Antitrust Authority. 
Official guidelines were adopted by the MIT, as required by the Ministry of Economic Development 
(the “MED”), on 13 March 2013 on the criteria for the award of sub-concessions for fuel distribution 
services and commercial/retail activities in service stations.  Moreover, on 30 January 2015, additional 
official guidelines were issued by the MIT and the MED on how to support concessionaires in drafting

--- Page 202 ---
193 
 
plans for the general reorganisation/rationalisation of service stations located along motorways 
managed by them. An updated version of the MED interministerial decree is currently pending. 
The Transport Regulatory Authority at the conclusion of the proceeding initiated by Resolution No. 
77/2021, approved by resolution No. 130/2022 dated 4 August 2022 the measures for the definition of 
the schemes of the calls for tenders relating to the tenders to which highway concessionaires are bound 
for the awarding of electric vehicle charging services (“Misure per la definizione degli schemi dei bandi 
relative alle gare cui sono tenuti i concessionari autostradali per gli affidamenti dei servizi di ricarica 
dei veicoli elettrici”) and by Resolution No. 1/2023 dated 11 January 2023 the measures for the 
definition of the schemes of the calls for tenders relating to the tenders to which the highway 
concessionaires are bound for the awarding of the services of distribution of fuel oil, compressed natural 
gas and liquefied natural gas, and commercial and restorative activities (“Misure per la definizione degli 
schemi dei bandi relative alle gare cui sono tenuti i concessionari autostradali per gli affidamenti dei 
servizi di distribuzione di carbolubrificanti, di gas naturale compresso e di gas naturale liquefatto e 
delle attività commerciali e restorative”). 
The concessionaire companies shall initiate the tender procedures in compliance with the provisions of 
the MIT and the conventional obligations and in any case following the approval of the relevant tender 
schemes by the granting authority itself. 
In order to guarantee an adequate level and regularity of the service, the candidates are selected based 
on their technical, organisational and economic skills and on the basis of their good standing.   
Tenders are awarded according to the criteria of the most economically advantageous offer, 
distinguishing technical-quality parameters (technical design of the area, configuration, accessibility, 
functionality, offer strategy, variety and quality of products, services offered and management quality, 
etc.) from those of an exclusively economic nature related to the consideration to be paid in favour of 
the concessionaire company.According to the sub-concessions, the sub-concessionaire is typically 
required to build the structures necessary to provide the service and, subsequently, to manage and 
maintain those services.  Upon the expiration of the Single Concession the infrastructure built by the 
sub-concessionaires shall be transferred to the grantor in a good state and condition. 
In the context of the sub-concession, the sub-concessionaire is required to pay to the relevant Italian 
Motorway Concessionaire a royalty consisting of a fixed component, related to the costs (if any) 
incurred by the Italian Motorway Concessionaire for the construction and operational management of 
the infrastructure of general interest, plus a variable component related to the volume and revenues 
generated from the sub-concessionaire’s sales. 
BRAZILIAN MOTORWAY BUSINESS 
The ASTM Group’s core toll road concessions business in Brazil is heavily regulated under Brazilian law and 
this may affect the ASTM Group’s operating profit or the way it conducts business. 
Although this summary contains all information that the Issuer considers material in the context of the issue, it 
is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulations.  Prospective investors and/or their advisers 
should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations applicable to the ASTM Group and of the 
impact they may have on the ASTM Group and any investment in the Notes and should not rely on this summary 
only. 
Introduction 
The history of highway concessions in Brazil is relatively recent in time.  First attempts of granting concessions 
to the private sector occurred during the late 1980s, under the government of President José Sarney (from 1985 
to 1990).  Later, President Fernando Collor de Mello created the National Privatization Program (Law 
No. 8,031/90), which served as legal grounds for the privatisation of the then government owned companies in 
the mining, telecommunications and energy sectors.  After that, in 1993, there was the creation of the Federal 
Highway Concessions Program (PROCROFE) under the government of President Itamar Franco. 
In 1993, Law No. 8,666 (“Brazilian Bidding Law”) established general rules for public bidding processes on 
government contracts.  Based on this law, several Brazilian government authorities started to grant highway 
concessions to the private sector, such as the cases of the Yellow Line highway in the Municipality of Rio de

--- Page 203 ---
194 
 
Janeiro and the Rio-Niterói bridge, also located in Rio de Janeiro, but under the authority of the federal 
government. In the federal level, the extinct National Department of Highways (DNER), conducted public 
bidding processes for four additional highway concessions during that time period, which marked the beginning 
of the First Stage of PROCROFE. 
On February 13, 1995, early in the government of President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Law No. 8,987 
(“Brazilian Concession Law”) was enacted, providing for the concession regime and permission for the 
provision of public works and services. Following these initial steps, the enactment of Law No. 9,277 
in May 1996 authorised the Brazilian federal government to grant the administration and operation of certain 
federal highways to the states, municipalities, and the Federal District. 
Furthermore, on December 30, 2004, in the government of President Luís Inácio Lula da Silva, Law No. 11,079 
(“Brazilian PPP Law”) was enacted and created the legal framework of the public-private partnerships 
(“PPP”).  The procedure described in the Brazilian PPP Law is a financing and/or concession model in which 
the private investor shares the risks of an investment with the government. 
Finally, on April 1, 2021, in the mandate of President Jair Messias Bolsonaro, it is worth mentioning the recent 
legislation on public bidding process, i.e., Law No. 14,133/21 (“New Brazilian Bidding Law”).  This new piece 
of legislation implemented several changes in the bidding process framework with the purpose of improving 
efficiency in government contracts. 
Government Authorities in the Brazilian Transportation Sector 
According to Law No. 10,233/2001, the federal land transportation sector in Brazil is regulated by the following 
regulatory entities: 
Agência Nacional dos Transportes Terrestres (National Land Transportation Agency, or “ANTT”): the 
regulatory agency for land transportation in the federal level that is part of the structure of the Ministry of 
Transportation. ANTT was created by Law No. 10,233/2001 in context of major institutional changes in the 
Brazilian transportation sector and since then is the government authority responsible for implementing the 
national transportation policies with authority to (i) regulate and monitor highway and railway concessionaires 
for the purpose of ensuring efficiency, safety, comfort, regularity, and punctuality of the services and operation, 
as well as by maintaining reasonable tariffs and protecting the rights of the recipients of the services; (ii) arbitrate 
conflicts of interest and preventing unfair competition among sectorial players; (iii) grant and manage 
concession agreements of land transportation modalities. ANTT is also responsible, within the scope of its 
authority, for determining those public assets and properties to be expropriated for the implementation of federal 
highways that are delegated to private concessionaires. 
Departamento Nacional de Infraestrutura de Transportes (National Department of Transportation and 
Infrastructure, or “DNIT”): federal entity (not with regulatory powers) within the structure of the Ministry of 
Transportation that is responsible for administering and operating federal transportation infrastructure 
comprising its maintenance, restoration or reposition, the suitability of its capacities, and expansion by 
construction of new routes and terminals. The DNIT is also responsible, within the scope of its authority, for 
determining those public assets and properties to be expropriated for the implementation of waterways, railways 
and federal highways, transshipment and intermodal interface facilities and port facilities rivers and lakes. 
Additionally, there are several regulatory agencies and government entities in the state and local levels that are 
responsible for the transportation sector in Brazil. These agencies and entities are not subordinated to ANTT or 
DNIT.  They have their own legal authority in state and local infrastructure modalities. For instance, the Agência 
Reguladora de Serviços Públicos Delegados de Transporte do Estado de São Paulo (ARTESP) was created in 
the State of São Paulo with the purpose of serving the state government as the regulator for the highway 
concession program, which is a landmark in Brazil due to the successful results. 
Regulatory Framework – Types of Concessions 
Pursuant to Article 37, XXI of the Brazilian Federal Constitution, a party contracted by the Brazilian 
Government (in all its levels, federal, state and local, or by any public body controlled by the Government) must 
be chosen through a competitive public process, in accordance with rules set forth in the Brazilian Bidding Law 
/ New Brazilian Bidding Law. In terms of concessions, on one hand the Brazilian Concession Law provides for

--- Page 204 ---
195 
 
the model of the “common concession”, while on the other hand the Brazilian PPP Law provides rules on PPPs 
in the modalities of (a) administrative concession and (b) sponsored concession. 
(a) 
Common Concession: The Brazilian Concession Law provides general rules on concessions of public 
works and utilities, which are commonly used for self-sustaining infrastructure projects, such as toll 
roads. In other words, the concessions governed by the Brazilian Concession Law became known as 
common concessions in opposition to those modalities of concessions governed by the Brazilian PPP 
Law, which as a rule of thumb depend on payments from the granting authority. Accordingly, common 
concessions are those where the concessionaire is paid only by collecting tariffs and, if applicable, 
complementary revenue. All concessions shall be formalised through an agreement – the concession 
agreement. Concessionaires shall be subject to inspection by the granting authority responsible for the 
delegation with the purpose of ensuring the proper rendering of services which shall be adequate to the 
full supply of the users. Adequate service is the one which fulfills the conditions of regularity, 
continuity, efficiency, safety, updating, generality, politeness in its rendering and moderation of the 
tariffs. Non-compliance with rules set forth in the concession agreement and the applicable legislation 
subject the concessionaire to penalties and, in a more severe scenario, to the risk of losing the 
concession.  Please note that major part of the operations of the Issuer consists of agreements entered 
into with government authorities in the format of common concessions governed by Law No 8,987/95. 
(b) 
Public Private Partnerships:  PPP, as defined by the Brazilian PPP Law, is a type of public investment 
in which the government engages a private party for the rendering of a public utility or the rendering of 
a service to the government itself, demanding, in any case, high investments and a long-term 
amortisation period. The Brazilian PPP Law was created with the purpose of attracting a new wave of 
private investments for projects of high social interest, especially in the infrastructure sector, which, in 
other conditions, would not be economically feasible for the government. The difference to the common 
concessions is clear: while in the common concession the concessionaire is paid upon charging tariffs 
directly from the users of the delegated services, in PPPs the concessionaire is paid fully (administrative 
concession) or partially (sponsored concession) by the granting authority. Another relevant difference 
between PPPs and common concessions consists of the guarantee that could be offered by granting 
authorities to the concessionaires in the context of PPPs: as the remuneration of concessionaires in PPPs 
agreements depends partially or entirely on the public resources, Brazilian PPP Law authorized the 
guarantee of these resources, which is extremely important for legal certainty.  
“Standard” approval process for contracting a Concession 
Pursuant to the Brazilian Concession Law and related legislation, the government authority must comply with 
formal requirements and steps before contracting a concession: 
(i) 
In order to launch a public tender, the Government is required to prepare feasibility studies on at least 
the following topics:  (i) financial and economic aspects, in which expenses and revenues (if any) shall 
be assessed to verify sustainability of the intended contract and its impact in the public budget, 
(ii) technical aspects, (iii) environmental aspects (if any), and (iv) legal aspects, with the purpose of 
stating grounds for the tender and preparing the Request for Proposal (the “RFP”, which includes the 
auction documents and a draft for the concession agreement. 
(ii) 
If the feasibility studies are approved by the government authority, then all the documents related to the 
concession must be subject to a public hearing period with the purpose to make it public and gather 
suggestions from interested parties. In general, this phase takes around a hundred and twenty days. The 
documents of concession can be adjusted to reflect the contributions received from the interested parties 
in the public hearing at the sole criteria of the responsible government authority.  After concluding the 
public hearing phase, the government authority must prepare a report containing all relevant information 
to answer the received contributions. 
(iii) 
Afterwards, in the federal scope, the documents of the concessions are submitted to the analysis of the 
Federal Court of Accounts. Although each government level in Brazil is audited by a Court of Accounts, 
the Federal Court of Accounts is the only one that analyses the documents submitted for a concession 
tender before the bidding procedure starts. At other government levels, the respective Court of Accounts 
can analyse these documents during the bidding procedure, if any citizen or bidder request its analysis.

--- Page 205 ---
196 
 
(iv) 
In the federal scope, after the approval by the Court of Accounts and once the documents of the 
concession are duly finalised, the government authority responsible for the process moves forward with 
the publication of the documents of the concession and the definition of the day and time of the auction. 
The government may launch the documents of the concession for public knowledge, defining the date 
of the auction. The entire period between the publication of the documents and the auction shall take at 
least 30 (thirty) days. The auction specifications shall identify all required documents for qualification, 
including whether the parties may participate in a consortium format. Besides that, the auction 
documents shall indicate whether a technical proposal is required and its weight in comparison to the 
required financial proposal. 
(v) 
On the scheduled date, the bidders shall submit both qualification documents and proposals (economic 
and/or technical). The government authority responsible for the auction shall open the proposals and 
award the concession agreement to the bidder that submitted the best offer in view of the selection 
criteria defined in the auction documents. 
(vi) 
After the completion of the competitive public process, the government authority and the awarded party 
shall enter into the concession agreement. Please note that government contractors have no margin to 
negotiate the terms of an agreement entered into with a government entity. The draft for the agreement 
is part of the tender documents, as an attachment, which contains all clauses defined in advance by the 
government. 
Tariffs in Brazilian Concessions 
The tariff of the public service granted to the private sector shall be determined by the price of the winning bid 
in the auction and be adjusted by following the rules of revision set forth in the applicable legislation and in the 
concession agreement. The tariffs may be made different in view of technical characteristics and of specific 
costs resulting from the supply to different users’ segments. Concession agreements usually provide 
mechanisms for revision of the tariffs in order to preserve their economic-financial balance. A concession 
agreement is considered balanced whenever the conditions and terms of the agreement are properly complied 
with. 
For the compliance with the peculiarities of each public service, the granting authority may establish, in the call, 
the possibility of other sources of alternative, complementary or ancillary revenues, or of associated projects, 
with or without exclusivity, to the benefit of the concessionaire, aiming at facilitating the moderation of tariffs. 
Other Relevant Regulations 
EcoRodovias Group is subject to several environmental laws and regulations, whether at municipal, state and 
federal levels. These rules set forth restrictions and conditions relating, for example, to the generation of waste, 
effluents, noise, and interventions in vegetation, among others. The Brazilian constitution grants each of the 
federal government, state governments and municipalities the power to enact environmental protection laws and 
issue regulations under such laws. 
Environmental Licensing 
In order to maintain and operate highways and ports in Brazil, the managers of highway concessions and ports 
must follow administrative procedures relating to the grant of environmental licenses. According to the Brazilian 
National Environment Policy pursuant to Law No. 6.938/81, the construction, installation, operation and 
expansion of enterprises and/or activities using natural resources that pollute or that may potentially pollute, as 
well as those that, in any way, cause or may cause environmental degradation, shall be subject to previous 
licensing by the relevant authority, which authority may arise from municipal, state or federal level, depending 
on the scope of the subject matter to be licensed. The permits establish the conditions, restrictions and inspection 
measures applicable to the enterprise, and must be renewed from time to time. 
The process for obtaining an environmental license comprises three stages: 
(i) 
Preliminary License: granted during the preliminary stage of project planning, and provides for approval 
for the location and design of the project, the environmental viability of the enterprise, and the basic 
requirements to be met during the subsequent stages of the project’s implementation;

--- Page 206 ---
197 
 
(ii) 
Installation License: authorises the installation of the enterprise, according to the specifications set out 
in the plans, programs and designs approved by the authorities; and 
(iii) 
Operation License: authorises the operation of the enterprise, after actual compliance with the 
conditions set out in the licenses described above, and confirmation by the authorities that the 
environmental control measures required for the operation have been complied with. 
Other licensing modalities are also applicable, such as environmental and forestry authorisations, grants for the 
use of water resources, and simplified environmental licenses, among others. This depends on the specific law 
applicable to each concessionaire or port. 
Such licenses have a defined term, so we must periodically renew them with the respective environmental 
licensing authorities, otherwise they will be subject to expiration and we may operate without the proper license. 
A business must present the environmental study compatible with the risks and impacts of the activity that 
intends to be licensed. In the case of activities which environmental impacts are considered significant, it is 
necessary to prepare an Environmental Impact Study/Report on Environmental Impact (Estudo de Impacto 
Ambiental/Relatório de Impacto Ambiental), as well as to implement any mitigating and compensatory measures 
for the environmental impacts caused by the business. 
There are several other laws dealing with solid waste disposal, contamination of soil and water, special protected 
areas for indigenous and quilombola areas and permanent preservation areas that must be carefully followed 
and impose substantial costs and liabilities in case of non-compliance.

--- Page 207 ---
198 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership, redemption and disposal of the Notes. 
This is a general summary that does not apply to certain categories of investors and does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own 
or dispose of the Notes.  It does not discuss every aspect of Italian taxation that may be relevant to a Noteholder 
if such Noteholder is subject to special circumstances or if such Noteholder is subject to special treatment under 
applicable law. 
This summary also assumes that the Issuer is resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, is structured 
and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus.  Changes in the Issuer’s 
organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may invalidate this 
summary.  This summary also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts 
under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Republic of Italy as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis.  The Issuer will not update this summary to reflect changes in laws and if such 
a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes 
and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any 
state, regional or local tax laws. 
Interest on the Notes 
Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
Decree 239 regulates the income tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including any difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter, collectively, referred to as “Interest”) from 
notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by: 
(a) 
Italian resident companies whose shares are traded on a regulated market or on a multi-lateral trading 
platform of any EU Member State or of a State party to the European Economic Area which is included 
in the White List Country; or 
(b) 
Italian resident companies whose shares are not listed as indicated above, provided that the notes are 
listed on the aforementioned regulated markets or platforms, or, if not traded in the aforementioned 
market or multilateral trading facility, when such notes are held by “qualified investors” (investitore 
qualificato) as defined in Article 2, letter e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, pursuant to Article 1, fourth 
paragraph, letter a) thereto and pursuant to article 100 of the Legislative Decree 24 February 1998, 
No. 58. 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, 
at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and that do not allow any direct or indirect 
participation either in the management of the issuer or in the business in connection with which they have been 
issued, nor any control on such management. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes 
are effectively connected (unless he has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime – see 
“Capital Gain Tax” below), (ii) a non commercial partnership, pursuant to Article 5 of the Italian Tax Code 
(“ITC”) (with the exception of general partnership, a limited partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non

--- Page 208 ---
199 
 
commercial private or public institution or trust (except for a company or Italian resident investment fund), 
(iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, Interest payments relating to the Notes, accrued 
during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitutive tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied 
at the rate of 26% (either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof is obtained by the 
Noteholder on a sale of the relevant Notes). 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (i) to (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
The imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered by the Noteholder as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 (“Decree No. 509”) and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 
10 February 1996 (“Decree No. 103”), may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta 
sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, 
paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 
11 December 2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”),  both as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
If the Notes are held by an investor engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected with the same 
business activity, the Interest is subject to the imposta sostitutiva and is included in the relevant income tax 
return.  As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be 
recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Pursuant to the Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), fiduciary companies, stock exchange agents and other 
entities identified by the relevant Decrees of the Ministry of Economy and Finance, as subsequently amended 
and integrated, (the “Intermediaries”). 
An Intermediary, to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, must satisfy the following conditions: 
(i) 
it must be:  (a) resident in Italy; or (b) a permanent establishment in Italy of an intermediary resident 
outside of Italy; or (c) an organisation or company non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of 
centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an 
Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and 
(ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes.  For the purpose of the 
application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of the Notes includes any assignment or other act, either 
with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applicable and withheld by any 
Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder.  If Interest on the Notes is not collected 
through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian 
resident Noteholders listed above under (i) to (iv) will be required to include Interest in their annual income tax 
return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26%. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Notes are held in a 
discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary pursuant to the so-called 
discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito” regime as defined and described in “Capital 
Gains”, below).  In such a case, Interest is not subject to imposta sostitutiva but contributes to determine the 
annual net accrued result of the portfolio, which is subject to an ad-hoc substitutive tax at 26% on the results. 
The imposta sostitutiva also does not apply to the following subjects, to the extent that the Notes and the relevant 
coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an Intermediary: 
(i) 
Corporate investors – Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a corporation or a similar commercial 
entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively

--- Page 209 ---
200 
 
connected), Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in:  (I) the relevant Noteholder’s yearly 
taxable income for the purposes of corporate income tax (“IRES”), generally applying at the current 
ordinary rate of 24%; and (II) in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also 
in its net value of production for the purposes of regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”), 
generally applying at the rate of 3.9%. (certain categories of taxpayers, including banks, financial 
entities and insurance companies, are subject to higher IRAP rates).  The IRAP rate can be increased 
by regional laws up to 0.92%.  Said Interest is therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation 
according to the ordinary rules; 
(ii) 
Investment funds – Interest paid to Italian investment funds (including a Fondo Comune d’Investimento, 
a SICAV or a SICAF, as defined below, collectively, the “Funds”) are subject neither to the imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Funds.  Proceeds paid by the Funds to their 
unitholders are generally subject to a 26% withholding tax; 
(iii) 
Pension funds – Pension funds (subject to the tax regime set forth by Article 17 of Legislative Decree 
No. 252 of 5 December 2005, the “Pension Funds”) are subject to a 20% substitutive tax on their 
annual net accrued result.  Interest on the Notes is included in the calculation of such annual net accrued 
result.  Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, 
as applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017 as amended from time to time; and 
(iv) 
Real estate investment funds – Interest payments in respect of the Notes to Italian resident real estate 
investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 
(the “Real Estate Investment Funds”) and to Italian resident “società di investimento a capitale fisso” 
(“SICAFs”) are generally subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of the same Real Estate Investment Funds.  Unitholders are generally subject to a 26% withholding tax 
on distributions from the Real Estate Funds.  Law Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (converted with 
amendments by Law No. 106 of 12 July 2011) has introduced certain changes to the tax treatment of 
the unitholders of Real Estate Investment Funds, including a direct imputation system (tax transparency) 
for certain non-qualifying unitholders (e.g. Italian resident individuals) holding more than 5% of the 
units of the Real Estate Fund. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
An exemption from imposta sostitutiva on Interest on the Notes is provided with respect to certain beneficial 
owners resident outside of Italy, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected.  In particular, pursuant to the Decree 239 the aforesaid exemption applies to any beneficial owner of 
an Interest payment relating to the Notes who:  (i) is resident, for tax purposes, in a White List Country; or (ii) is 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force 
in the Republic of Italy; or (iii) is the Central Bank or an entity also authorised to manage the official reserves 
of a country; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is established in a White List Country, even if it does not 
possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of establishment (each, a “Qualified Noteholder”). 
The exemption procedure for Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White List Country 
identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(a) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial 
institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the 
Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); and 
(b) 
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, 
acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, via 
electronic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the “Second Level Bank”).  Organisations and 
companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (which 
include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an 
Italian representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-

--- Page 210 ---
201 
 
resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998) for the purposes of the application of Decree 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level Bank, the 
latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy is conditional 
upon: 
(a) 
the deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies as a Second 
Level Bank; and 
(b) 
the submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a statement of the relevant 
Noteholder (autocertificazione), to be provided only once, in which it declares that it is eligible to 
benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva.  Such statement must comply with the 
requirements set forth by a Ministerial Decree dated 12 December 2001, is valid until withdrawn or 
revoked and needs not to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document for the 
same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same depository.  The above statement is 
not required for non-Italian resident investors that are international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements entered into force in the Republic of Italy or Central Banks 
or entities also authorised to manage the official reserves of a State. 
Additional requirements are provided for “institutional investors”. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of the imposta sostitutiva 
on interest payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva may be reduced (generally to 10%) or eliminated under certain 
applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of the required 
documentation. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are neither deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) nor in the category of shares (azioni) or securities 
similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) are subject to a withholding tax levied at the rate of 26%. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, in Article 1(100-114) 
of the Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding the Notes 
for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial partnership, (iv) an 
Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) a Real Estate Investment Fund, 
(vii) a Pension Fund, (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, such 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, or (ii) an Italian resident corporation or a similar Italian commercial entity (including a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected), such 
withholding tax is an advance withholding tax. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, the above-mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally to 10%) or 
eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely filing 
of the required documentation.

--- Page 211 ---
202 
 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11(2) of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of a single 
series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
original Tranche.  This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date 
of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the original 
Tranche does not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration 
of the Notes. 
Capital Gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”), as amended, a 26% capital 
gains tax (the “CGT”) is applicable to capital gains realised on any sale or transfer of the Notes for consideration 
by Italian resident individuals (not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected), 
regardless of whether the Notes are held outside of Italy. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid up to the 
time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and the sale price, 
respectively. 
With regard to the CGT application, taxpayers may opt for one of the three following regimes: 
(a) 
“Tax declaration” regime (“Regime della Dichiarazione”) – The Noteholder must assess the overall 
capital gains realised in a certain fiscal year, net of any incurred capital losses, in his annual income tax 
return and pay the CGT so assessed together with the income tax due for the same fiscal year.  Losses 
exceeding gains can be carried forward into following fiscal years up to the fourth following fiscal year.  
Since this regime constitutes the ordinary regime, the taxpayer must apply it to the extent that the same 
does not opt for either of the two other regimes; 
(b) 
“Non-discretionary investment portfolio” regime (“Risparmio Amministrato”) – The Noteholder may 
elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer of the Notes.  Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, SIMs 
or other authorised intermediaries and (ii) an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime 
being made in writing by the relevant Noteholder.  The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for the entire 
fiscal year and unless revoked prior to the end of such year will be deemed valid also for the subsequent 
one.  The intermediary is responsible for accounting for the CGT in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or transfer of the Notes, as well as in respect of capital gains realised at the revocation of its 
mandate.  Where a particular sale or transfer of the Notes results in a net loss, the intermediary is entitled 
to deduct such loss from gains subsequently realised on assets held by the Noteholder with the same 
intermediary and within the same deposit relationship, in the same fiscal year or in the following fiscal 
years up to the fourth following fiscal year.  The Noteholder is not required to declare the gains in his 
annual income tax return; and 
(c) 
“Discretionary investment portfolio” regime (“Risparmio Gestito”) – If the Notes are part of a portfolio 
managed by an Italian asset management company, capital gains are not subject to the CGT, but 
contribute to determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio.  Such annual net accrued result of 
the portfolio, even if not realised, is subject to an ad-hoc 26% substitutive tax, which the asset 
management company is required to levy on behalf of the Noteholder.  Any losses of the investment 
portfolio accrued at year end may be carried forward against net profits accrued in each of the following 
fiscal years, up to the fourth following fiscal year.  Under such regime the Noteholder is not required to 
declare the gains in his annual income tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity, or social security entities pursuant to Decree 
No. 509 and Decree No. 103, may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the GGT, on 
capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth Article 13-

--- Page 212 ---
203 
 
bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, in Article 1(100-114) of the 
Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time.  According to article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 
30 December 2020, under some conditions, capital losses realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes 
if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
specific requirements, give rise to a tax credit equal to the capital losses, provided that such tax credit 
does not exceed the 20 per cent of the amount invested in the long-term saving accounts (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine). 
The CGT does not apply to the following subjects: 
(A) 
Corporate investors – Capital gains realised on the Notes by Italian resident corporate entities 
(including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected) form part of their aggregate income subject to IRES.  In certain cases, capital gains may also 
to be included in the taxable net value of production of such entities for IRAP purposes.  The capital 
gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the relevant tax basis of the Notes.  
Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal instalments over up to five fiscal 
years. 
(B) 
Funds – Capital gains realised by the Funds on the Notes are subject neither to CGT nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the Funds (see “Italian Resident Noteholders”, above). 
(C) 
Pension Funds – Capital gains realised by Pension Funds on the Notes contribute to determine their 
annual net accrued result, which is subject to an 20% substitutive tax (see “Italian Resident 
Noteholders”, above).  Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, 
paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance 
Act 2017, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
(D) 
Real Estate Investment Funds – Capital gains realised by Real Estate Investment Funds and by SICAFs 
to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply on the Notes 
are not taxable at the level of same Real Estate Investment Funds (see “Italian Resident Noteholders”, 
above). 
Non Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-resident Noteholders (not having permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected) on the disposal of the Notes are not subject to tax in Italy, regardless of whether 
the Notes are held in Italy, subject to the condition that the Notes are listed in a regulated market in Italy or 
abroad (e.g.  Euronext Dublin). 
Should the Notes not be listed in a regulated market as indicated above, the aforesaid capital gains would be 
subject to tax in Italy, if the Notes are held by the non-resident Noteholder therein.  Pursuant to Article 5 of 
Decree 461, an exemption, however, would apply with respect to beneficial owners of the Notes, which are 
Qualified Noteholders. 
In any event, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected that may benefit from a tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon 
sale or transfer of Notes are taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to tax 
in Italy on any capital gains realised upon any such sale or transfer. 
Registration tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows:  (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be subject to a fixed 
registration tax (Euro 200); (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) should be subject to registration 
tax only in “case of use” or voluntary registration at a fixed amount (Euro 200).

--- Page 213 ---
204 
 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the “Decree 201”), as subsequently amended 
and supplemented by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis 
to any periodical reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in 
respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such financial intermediary.  The stamp duty is collected by 
banks and other financial intermediaries and applies, on a yearly basis, at a rate of 0.2%; this stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or 
redemption amount of the Notes held.  The stamp duty cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers other than 
individuals. 
The proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent by Italian financial intermediaries to 
subjects not qualifying as clients, as defined by the Provision of the Governor of the Bank of Italy of 
20 June 2012.  Communications and reports sent to this type of investors are subject to the ordinary €2.00 stamp 
duty for each copy.  Moreover, the proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent to Pension 
Funds. 
Periodical communications to clients are presumed to be sent at least once a year, even though the intermediary 
is not required to send any communications.  In this case, the stamp duty is to be applied on 31 December of 
each year or in any case at the end of the relationship with the client.   
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) and (18-bis) of Decree 201, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of ITC) resident in Italy for tax purposes, 
holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax at a rate of 0.2%. Such tax is due 
only in cases where the stamp duty described in the previous paragraph (Stamp Duty) is not due.  For taxpayers 
different from individuals, the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory.  Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the 
country where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply on the overall net value of the relevant transferred assets, at the following rates, 
depending on the relationship between the testate (or donor) and the beneficiary (or donee): 
(a) 
4% on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, Euro 1 million, if the beneficiary (or donee) is the 
spouse or a direct ascendant or descendant; 
(b) 
6% on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, Euro 100,000, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a 
brother or sister; 
(c) 
6% on the net asset value, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a relative within the fourth degree or a direct 
relative-in-law as well an indirect relative-in-law within the third degree; 
(d) 
8% on the net asset value, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a person, other than those mentioned under 
(a), (b) and (c) above. 
In case the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its portion 
of the net asset value exceeding Euro 1.5 million. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio 
a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 
124/2019 and, as applicable, Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended from time 
to time – is exempt from inheritance tax.

--- Page 214 ---
205 
 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended, 
individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance 
with Article 5 of ITC) resident in Italy for tax purposes who, at the end of the fiscal year, hold investments 
abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related 
transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, 
in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). 
The requirement also applies where the abovementioned persons, being not the direct holders of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owners of the instruments. 
In relation to the Notes, such reporting obligation shall not apply if the Notes are not held abroad and, in any 
case, if the Notes are deposited with an Italian intermediary that intervenes in the collection of the relevant 
income and the intermediary applied withholding or substitute tax on income derived from the Notes. 
US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“FATCA”) impose a reporting regime 
and potentially a withholding tax with respect to certain payments to any non-U.S. financial institution (a “FFI”) 
that does not enter into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) to provide the IRS with 
certain information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or in deemed 
compliance with FATCA. 
According to the intergovernmental agreement (“IGA Italy”) signed by the United States of America and the 
Republic of Italy on 10 January 2014 and implemented in Italy by Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015, a FFI is not 
generally subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives.  Furthermore, a FFI is not required 
to withhold from payments it makes (unless it has agreed to do so under the U.S. “qualified intermediary” 
regime, according to which, in certain cases, a 30% withholding tax is applied on the payments from sources 
within the United States). 
Certain aspects of the application of these rules to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed U.S. Treasury regulations have 
been issued that provided that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register.  In 
the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations.  Moreover, on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT 
in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain (the “FTT 
Member States”).  Such proposal was approved by the European Parliament on 3 July 2013.  However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and, if introduced in its current form, could apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the FTT Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a FTT Member State.  A financial institution may

--- Page 215 ---
206 
 
be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a FTT Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a FTT Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a FTT Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the FTT Member States and may be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member States may decide 
to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 216 ---
207 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A., UniCredit Bank AG (jointly, the “Arrangers”) and any other Dealer appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer (together with the Arrangers, the “Dealers”).  The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer 
Agreement dated 22 June 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  Any 
such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the 
price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if 
any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  The Dealer Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or 
other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell

--- Page 217 ---
208 
 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2, letter e) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and as defined in Article 35, paragraph 1, letter (d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (the “Regulation No. 20307”), pursuant to Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, 
letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), implementing 
Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (in each case, as amended from time to 
time); or 
(b) 
subject as provided under “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, in any other 
circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction under 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above and: 
(a) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, Regulation No. 20307 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws or 
regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of 
Italy and/or any other competent Authority (including, inter alia, Article 129 of the Banking Act and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons 
outside of Italy). 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of 
copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be made 
in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)) received by it in connection

--- Page 218 ---
209 
 
with the issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
Offer to the public in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period beginning 
on the date of notification to the Autorité des Marches Financiers (“AMF”) of the approval of the 
prospectus relating to those Notes by the competent authority of a Member State of the European 
Economic Area, other than the AMF, all in accordance with articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier and the Règlement général of the AMF and ending at the latest on the date 
which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus; or 
(ii) 
Private placement in France: 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, 
and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only 
to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties 
(personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), 
and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account, and/or (c) a limited 
circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, as defined in, and in accordance with, 
Articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2, D. 411-1 and D. 411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended), accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result 
in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese 
governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time.  For the purposes of this paragraph, 
“Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 219 ---
210 
 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 220 ---
211 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation by the Central Bank in its capacity as competent authority in the Republic of Ireland for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation.  Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the official list of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
For the purposes of admitting Notes to trading on a regulated market in a member state of the European 
Economic Area other than the Republic of Ireland, the Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to 
the competent authority of another Member State:  (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; (ii) a certificate of 
approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; 
and (iii) if so required by the competent authority of such Member State, a translation into the official 
language(s) of such Member State of a summary of this Base Prospectus. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 
20 January 2020 and its update and increase in the maximum principal amount from €4,000,000,000 to 
€5,000,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 23 March 2023.  The 
Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes in accordance with applicable provisions of Italian law 
and its By-Laws (statuto). 
Foreign languages used in the Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Issuer – Legal proceedings”, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, 
of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Material Adverse Change / Significant Change 
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Issuer – Recent Developments” above, since 
31 December 2022 there has been (i) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and (ii) no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 
were audited without qualification by PwC, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their 
reports thereon, and are incorporated by reference herein. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website 
of the Issuer at www.astm.it/en/emtn-programme/: 
(a) 
copy of this Base Prospectus along with any supplements to this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
the By-Laws (statuto) of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and

--- Page 221 ---
212 
 
(f) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (save that, in the case of any Notes which are not 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders). 
In addition, the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” approved by the Issuer and the second party 
opinion issued in respect thereof by Vigeo Eiris are available on the website of the Issuer respectively at 
https://www.astm.it/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/ASTM_ESG-Framework-12-May-2023.pdf 
andhttps://www.astm.it/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/SPO_ASTM_Final_20230515.pdf. None of the above 
documents is, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, electronic copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the latest consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and consolidated 
interim financial statements of the Issuer (if published) may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and will be available on the website of the Issuer at 
www.astm.it/en/financial-reports/. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system 
as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855 Luxembourg. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer – Potential conflicts of interest 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including, without limitation, the provision of loan 
facilities) with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the issuer’s 
affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including 
potentially the Notes offered hereby.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
the Notes offered hereby.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the term ‘affiliates’ includes also parent companies. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, unless required to do so by any applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 222 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ASTM S.p.A. 
Corso Regina Margherita, 165 
10144 Turin 
Italy 
ARRANGERS 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange, George’s Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law: 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law: 
Legance Avvocati Associati 
Via Broletto, 20 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
White & Case LLP 
Piazza Diaz, 2 
20122 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy