--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
ATENOR SA/NV 
(a limited liability company under Belgian law) 
 
EUR 200,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Atenor 
NV/SA (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time 
to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 200,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Dealer Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue of Notes or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële 
Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) (the "FSMA") on 15 March 2022 as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The FSMA only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval 
by the FSMA should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Investors should consult their own financial, legal and tax advisers before 
making an investment decision with respect to any Notes and carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such Notes have been listed on Euronext Brussels and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). The Programme furthermore provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
WARNING 
Notes issued under this Programme constitute unsecured debt instruments. By subscribing to the Notes, investors lend money to 
the Issuer who undertakes to pay interest (if any) and to reimburse the principal amount on the maturity date. In case of 
bankruptcy or default by the Issuer, investors may not recover the amounts they are entitled to and risk losing all or a part of 
their investment. Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks and may not be a suitable investment for 
all investors. Each prospective investor must carefully consider whether it is suitable for that investor to invest in the Notes in 
light of its knowledge and financial experience and should, if required, obtain professional advice. Prospective investors should 
read the Base Prospectus in its entirety and, in particular the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors", 
setting out certain risks in relation to an investment in the Notes. See page 16 for a description of the risk factors. Investors should 
consider, in particular, (i) that Notes which are issued as Green Bonds may not meet all investors’ expectations (including any 
green or sustainable performance objective)  or may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or regulatory or legal criteria and 
failure to apply the proceeds to Eligible Green Projects or to provide any allocation or impact reporting or to have a Second 
Party Compliance Opinion shall not constitute an Event of Default and (ii) Notes with a long maturity and the current Covid-19 
pandemic could increase the impact of the risk factors identified for the Issuer and the Notes.  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 March 2022 in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 
months from its date of approval, i.e. 15 March 2023. The obligation to publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “T”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) be set out 
in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the FSMA and, where listed, Euronext Brussels. The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Brussels will also be published on the website the Issuer 
(https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-communication/emtn/). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (as defined below) and the offering and sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to U.S. persons. The Issuer is not rated. The Notes will not be rated. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code. The Notes will be represented by book entries in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of 
Belgium (the "NBB") or any successor thereto (the "NBB Securities Settlement System"). The Notes can be held by their holders 
through the participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt ("Clearstream") SIX SIS Ltd., Switzerland ("SIX SIS"), Monte Titoli S.p.A, Italy ("Monte Titoli"), Interbolsa 
S.A. ("Interbolsa"),  Euroclear France SA ("Euroclear France") and LuxCSD S.A. ("LuxCSD"), or such other participant and through 
other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream or other participants in the NBB Securities 
Settlement System. Title of the Notes will pass by account transfer, see "Settlement". 
 
 
 
 
Arranger  
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
 
 
 15 March 2022

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
1. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 4 
2. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION .................................................................................. 9 
3. 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................. 11 
4. 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 16 
5. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 33 
6. 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................. 35 
7. 
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK ....................................................................................... 36 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................... 40 
9. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................... 68 
10. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .......................................................................................... 92 
11. 
SETTLEMENT ..................................................................................................................... 132 
12. 
TAXATION  .......................................................................................................................... 133 
13. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 142 
14. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 146 
15. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES . 148

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
1. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
 
1.1 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
 
Atenor SA/NV (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those 
documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make 
its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of 
the Issuer. None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality of 
its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in the Notes. 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply 
that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
1.2 
Supplement 
 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes and whose inclusion 
in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes 
and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes. Where Notes (other than Exempt Notes) are offered to the public, Investors who have already agreed 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes prior to the publication of the supplement shall have the right, exercisable within two 
business days (or, from 18 March 2021 to 31 December 2022, within three business days) after the publication of the 
supplement to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. The final date 
of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement.  
1.3 
Restrictions on distribution and the use of this Base Prospectus and offers of notes generally 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering and sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The 
Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act"). Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
 
1.4 
Prohibition of sale to EEA retail investor– PRIIPS Regulation  
 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as "Applicable", the Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (b) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, the Issuer 
has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation.  
 
1.5 
Prohibition of sale to UK retail investors  
 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
1.6 
Prohibition of sale to consumers  
 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of 
sales to consumers” as “Applicable”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
 
 
1.7 
MiFID II product governance/target market 
 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to MiFID II will communicate 
to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes shall include 
a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  
 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment of the manufacturer; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
The determination of the target market by the manufacturer or the distributor is the sole responsibility of the relevant 
manufacturer or distributor. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
 
Notwithstanding the determination of the target market, any distributor should note that the price of the Notes may fall and 
investors may lose all or part of their investment, that the Issuer may not be able to pay the nominal amount at maturity or 
pay interests due. The determination of the target market is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual, legal 
or regulatory sales restrictions relating to the offering of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the 
target market cannot be considered as: (a) an assessment of adequacy or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II or 
(b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, purchase or take any other action in respect of the 
Notes. Nothing in this Base Prospectus should be construed as limiting the protections given to potential investors under 
mandatory investor protection rules, including such rules under MiFID II.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus should be construed as limiting the protections given to potential investors under mandatory 
investor protection rules, including such rules under MiFID II. 
1.8 
Benchmarks Regulation 
 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks”. In this case, 
a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) as to whether or not 
the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (“ESMA”) 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). Certain 
“benchmarks” may not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation or the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation may apply to certain other 
“benchmarks” which would otherwise be in scope of the Benchmarks Regulation such that at the date of the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be), the administrator of the “benchmark” is not required to be included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA because the administrator is at such 
time not required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
1.9 
Investors must determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
assess in the context of its particular financial situation, the investment in the Notes and the impact that the Notes 
will have on its investment portfolio; 
 
consider whether it has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and 
 
evaluate (either on his own or with the assistance of a financial adviser) the possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
An investor should (either on its own or with the assistance of a financial adviser) evaluate the Notes and the impact that 
the investment will have on the relevant investor's investment portfolio.  
 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine, on the basis of its own independent analysis and, if necessary in the 
light of its own circumstances, to seek professional advice, whether the acquisition of the Notes is fully compatible with 
its financial needs, objectives and circumstances, whether such acquisition is consistent and compliant with the investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to such investor and whether it is an suitable investment notwithstanding the 
clear and significant risks inherent to such investment in the Notes. 
 
An investment in the Notes entails certain risks. Potential investors should carefully review the section “Risk Factors” of 
this Base Prospectus in order to understand which risk factors are capable of affecting the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. Certain risk factors are of material importance for an assessment of the market risks associated 
with an investment in the Notes. Potential investors are invited to form their own opinion with respect to the Issuer as well 
as with respect to the conditions of any offer of Notes. The investors bear sole responsibility for the assessment of the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
advantages and the risks associated with a subscription to the Notes. An investment decision should be based on a 
comprehensive review by the investor of the entire Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
therein). Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent assessment of the market 
conditions as well as of the condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
 
1.10 
Stabilisation 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
 
1.11 
Programme limit 
 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
200,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be converted into euro at the issue 
date of such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement), unless such maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes has been increased in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined under "Subscription and Sale").

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
2. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
 
2.1 
Defined Terms 
 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the meaning 
attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base Prospectus (or in case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement).  
 
In this Base Propsectus, “euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
 
2.2 
Language 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English and has been translated in French. The applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) relating to a particular Tranche of Notes will be prepared in English and, 
for Notes which have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and which are 
non-exempt Note, will be translated in French. The Issuer is responsible for the consistency of (i) the English and French 
versions of the Base Prospectus, (ii) the English and French versions of the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the pricing Supplement) and (iii) the English and French versions of the summary of the Base Prospectus. For Notes 
which have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and which are non-exempt 
Notes, a summary will be prepared in English. The summary of the individual issue will be annexed to the applicable Final 
Terms in accordance with Articles 8 j° 7 of the Prospectus Regulation. For Non-exempt Offers in Belgium and without 
prejudice to Article 27 of the Prospectus Regulation, the summary shall, pursuant to Article 9 of the Belgian Law of 11 
July 2018 on the offer of investments instruments to the public and the admission to trading on a regulated market, be 
translated either in French and Dutch, or, if the marketing materials and other documents and notices are disseminated in 
French or Dutch only, in that language only. Without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the consistency 
between the different language versions, in case of inconsistency between the different language versions of the summary, 
the Base Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms, the English version of these documents shall prevail. However, the 
translations may be referred to by investors in transactions with the Issuer. 
 
2.3 
Final Terms 
 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by the Final Terms, or in case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement specific 
to such Tranche. The applicable Final Terms to a Specific Tranche of Notes shall provide which provisions set out in the 
Conditions shall apply to such Tranche and therefore investors should read the Conditions as set out in section "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" together with such applicable Final Terms. 
 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to each issue of Notes are available for inspection as described in "General 
Information". 
2.4 
Forward-looking statements 
 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking 
statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer's business strategies, trends in its business, 
competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and restructuring plans. 
 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions are intended 
to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Where applicable, 
the Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events 
and financial performance. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such 
forward-looking statements.  
 
Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are 
reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those 
identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary from those expected, 
estimated or predicted. 
 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
the Issuer’s ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
 
the performance of the markets in Belgium and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
 
the Issuer’s ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments it is 
undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
 
the Issuer’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and future 
investments and projects; and 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its customers 
operate. 
 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without 
prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements 
contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
3. 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme. It must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus in conjunction with the other parts of the Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated therein) and 
any decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration by the investor of this Base Prospectus as a whole. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). Any reference to “applicable Final 
Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, where relevant. 
 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
The Issuer 
Atenor SA/NV, a limited liability company (société anonyme/naamloze 
vennootschap), having its statutory seat at Avenue Reine Astrid 92, 1310 La 
Hulpe, Belgium, registered with the Crossroad Bank for Enterprises under 
number 0403.209.303. 
 
 
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI) 
549300ZIL1V7D7F3YH40 
 
 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set out 
under section 4 “Risk Factors”. 
 
 
Description 
Programme for the issuance of euro medium term notes. 
 
 
Arranger 
Belfius Bank SA/NV. 
 
 
Dealers 
Belfius Bank SA/NV, KBC Bank NV and any other Dealers appointed in respect 
of the Notes in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
 
 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and sale”). 
 
 
Agent 
Belfius Bank SA/NV acts as paying and listing agent. 
 
 
Programme Size 
Up to EUR 200,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
 
 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement or public offer and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series 
(each a “Series”), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, the issue price, the date of the first payment 
of interest and the nominal amount of the Tranche, will in any case be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro and in any other currency the Euro foreign exchange 
reference rate of which is published by the European Central Bank, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
currency of the Notes will be determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Maturities 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and restrictions and subject 
to a minimum maturity of one month and minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency.  
 
 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at any issue price which is at par 
or at a discount to, or premium over, par and shall be determined by the Issuer 
and the Dealers in accordance with market conditions. 
 
 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be in dematerialised form in accordance with Articles 7:35 et seq. 
of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. The Notes will be represented 
by book entries in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB 
Securities Settlement System”). The Notes can be held by their holders through 
the participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System, including Euroclear, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, Interbolsa, Euroclear France and LuxCSD, 
and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through 
Euroclear, Clearstream or other participants in the NBB Securities Settlement 
System (for a list of all the NBB Securities Settlement System participants, please 
refer to https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-investor-icsds). The Notes will be 
accepted for settlement through the NBB Securities Settlement System, and are 
accordingly subject to the applicable settlement regulations, including the 
Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, as amended 
its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994, as 
amended, and the rules of the NBB Securities Settlement System and its annexes, 
as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time. Title to the Notes will pass 
by account transfer. The Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange the Notes 
into bearer form.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and on redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
If an indication of yield is included in the applicable Final Terms, the yield of 
each Tranche of Notes with a fixed interest rate will be calculated on the basis of 
the relevant issue price at the relevant issue date. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest either at a rate determined on the same 
basis as the floating rate under a notional interest-rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as the same may be amended and supplemented as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or on the basis 
of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service or on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (if any), will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (if any) 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Exempt Notes 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes. 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
Redemption 
/ 
Early Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their principal amount on their Maturity Date. The applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether the Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity following an Event of Default or as set out under "Optional 
Redemption" below. 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders (including, when at the option of 
the Noteholders, in case of a Change of Control) upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
Denomination 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 
1,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, equivalent 
amount in any other currency) and otherwise such as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
 
Taxation 
If the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, all payments of principal and 
interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental. 
 
If both the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, all payments of principal 
and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation). In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 10 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
 
 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer undertakes, so long as any Note remains outstanding and until actual 
redemption in principal and interests thereof, that neither the Issuer nor any of its 
Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions), on all or part of their existing or future 
undertakings, assets, revenues or profits, in favor of the holders of any Relevant 
Debt (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), without securing the Notes pari 
passu therewith. 
The provisions of this Condition shall however not apply to the Security Interest 
(zakelijke zekerheid/sûreté réelle) or liens granted to any holder of Relevant Debt 
in accordance with mandatory legal provisions. 
The negative pledge provision is further described in Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge).  
 
 
Cross Default 
The Notes will contain a cross default provision as described in Condition 11 (d) 
(Events of default).  
A Note may be declared immediately due and payable at its principal amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) if the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to pay when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable 
grace period, any indebtedness, other than Notes then outstanding, for an 
aggregate amount of 20,000,000 EUR or more.  
 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu and without preference among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are of general application.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
Rating 
The Issuer is not rated. The Notes will not be rated. 
 
 
Listing and admission  
to trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels. As specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Series of Notes 
may be unlisted. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
 
 
Governing 
Law 
and 
submission to jurisdiction 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Belgian law. The courts of Brussels, Belgium have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes. If the 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the submission to jurisdiction is without prejudice to Article 624, 
1°, 2° and 4° of the Belgian Judicial Code. 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
NBB Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte 
Titoli, Interbolsa, Euroclear France and LuxCSD, or other participants in the 
NBB Securities Settlement System. 
 
 
Selling Restrictions 
Offers and sales of Notes may be restricted. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer and sale of Notes in the 
EEA, the United States, Belgium and the United Kingdom and on the offer and 
sale of Notes to consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek Economisch Recht/Code de 
droit économique) and/or to “retail investors” in the EEA, as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. See "Subscription and Sale".  
 
Use of Proceeds 
The proceeds of the Notes will be used by the Issuer as described under "Use of 
Proceeds". The applicable Final Terms will specify the identified use of proceeds 
for each series.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
4. 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should 
carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry(ies) 
in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk 
factors described below. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and should reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes. Furthermore, before making an investment decision with respect to any 
Notes, prospective investors should consult their own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, auditor or other financial, legal 
and tax advisers and carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment 
decision in light of the prospective investor’s own circumstances. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have 
the same meanings in this section. References to the “Group” are to the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
The risk factors have been presented in a number of categories depending on their nature. In accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors in each category, in the assessment of the Issuer, taking into account 
the negative impact on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence, have been set out first. 
 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the Notes summarised in the summary annexed to 
the Final Terms for that particular issue of Notes are the risks that the Issuer believes to be the most essential to an 
assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in such Notes. However, as the risks which the 
Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, prospective investors 
should consider not only the information on the key risks summarised in the summary annexed to the Final Terms but also, 
among other things, the risks and uncertainties described below. 
 
If one or more risks described below materialize, they may, depending of the magnitude of the impact or considering the 
occurrence of various risks at the same time, affect the ability of the Issuer to make all payments due in respect of the 
Notes or to fulfil its other obligations under the Notes. 
 
4.1 
Risk factors specific to the Issuer 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business activities and industries 
 
4.1.1 
Operational risk related to urban-planning rules 
 
The Group is required to comply with urban-planning rules. The Issuer regularly acquires land, existing buildings or 
companies holding such assets in anticipation of an evolution or change in the urban-planning rules by the political and/or 
administrative authorities. It may turn out that the anticipated change in the urban-planning rules, generally concerning 
zoning or the authorised size of constructions, is not in line with expectations or the changes may take longer than expected 
or they may be subject to unforeseen conditions. Such situations may cause the Group to adapt the projects in order to limit 
the impact thereof. The Issuer remains vigilant to the technical and financial consequences of these situations. 
 
In general, the Group acquires a project without a building permit and is thus exposed to the risk of the permit not being 
granted or being granted with a significant delay compared to initial expectations or of having the permit require a 
fundamental overhaul of the initial project.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
The specific nature of the Issuer's business means that it needs to devote itself to obtaining all required permits, adapting 
as necessary to the conditions imposed by the public authorities. In some cases, the permit decision may be appealed. 42% 
of the Group's portfolio (i.e. 539,000 m²) has already obtained a permit. 58% of the Group's portfolio is subject to studies, 
analysis and an introduction of the project file to the authorities waiting to get the permit and is therefore temporarily 
exposed to the risk described above. In Brussels, the companies housing Project Move’Hub (2% of the portfolio) have been 
working with the competent authorities since 2008 to obtain a permit. For Project Realex (2.7% of the portfolio), the permit 
has been appealed but the possibility of applying for a new permit is being analysed.  
 
If the risk inherent in urban-planning rules materialises (including failure to obtain a permit), it could in some cases have 
an impact on the handover time for a project and/or its completion cost, which in both cases will impact the profitability 
of the project (additional development costs estimated at 3% of the construction cost), both in Belgium and abroad. Over 
the last ten years, two Belgian projects (Realex and Move’Hub) and one project abroad (Dacia 1 in Bucharest), i.e. 6% of 
the portfolio covering 32 projects under development, have been affected by slowdowns, generating an impact of around 
1% on the expected performance of the portfolio as a whole. The probability of the occurrence of this risk is considered 
average, and it may concern projects both in Belgium and abroad. 
 
4.1.2 
Operational risk related to development activity 
 
Before acquiring any project, the Issuer carries out urban planning, technical, environmental and financial studies, usually 
with the assistance of specialised external advisors.  
 
Unexpected problems related to external factors (such as new rules and regulations, particularly with respect to soil 
pollution or energy performance, bureaucracy, environmental protection, bankruptcy or major difficulties affecting a 
general contractor and/or its subcontractors, etc.) and undetected risks may arise in projects developed by the group, 
resulting in handover delays, budget overruns or even a substantial modification of the initial project.   
 
In the specific context of an economic, financial or (geo)political crisis, which by nature is impossible to predict, some 
projects could be affected by delays due to the possible slowdown of the competent administrations in granting 
authorizations, without it is possible to estimate the impact on results and cash flows. The specificity of these risks concerns 
extension of the periods to resolve the problems encountered and the amounts to be put at stake to maintain the financial 
balance resulting in the measured performance in terms of the internal rate of return (15%). In addition, the Issuer remains 
dependent on the evolution of local markets, where the supply of office or residential space could rapidly exceed demand 
and expose the Issuer to the risk of a decline in rent and/or a drop in the resale value of a project. 
 
The strategic urban locations of the Issuer's projects is a fundamental criterion for their profitability. However, the choice 
of projects remains an inherent risk in the Issuer's activity. 
 
The complexity of the projects, the application of regulations, the myriad number of participants, and the need to obtain 
permits, search for and find tenants and, ultimately, investors/purchasers are all activities and risks the Group faces. In 
order to address these specific risks, the Issuer has implemented and refined control systems over the years and has staff 
with experience in both office and residential development. Despite these systems and its experienced staff, the risk remains 
significant. If they materialise, these risks, which are moderately likely to occur, could have an impact on cash flows (in 
particular through an increase in the costs of service providers and a decline in the collection of either expected rent or 
sales) and ultimately on the expected profitability of the projects concerned and, consequently, on the expected contribution 
of one or more projects to the Issuer's results. 
 
4.1.3 
Risk of default by or disputes with counterparties

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
The Group's main counterparties are construction companies, project purchasers and certain major project tenants.  
 
The Issuer selects its main counterparties based on the needs of each project. For investors that may acquire a project, the 
Issuer verifies the reputation and creditworthiness of the potential purchaser. With regard to the leasing of real estate 
developed by the Group, the Issuer enters into leases with tenants and therefore bears the counterparty risk during the term 
of the lease.  
 
There is a significant risk of default by these counterparties, which could affect the Issuer's results if it were to occur. The 
probability of occurrence of this type of risk is considered average by the Issuer. Over the past ten years, two disputes have 
arisen with general contractors, generating a financial impact of approximately 1 to 2.5 million euros in the year in which 
they arose. In addition, the Issuer develops certain projects in partnership with other players, active within or outside the 
real estate sector or as professional investors. Such partnerships also present risks in terms of disputes that may arise 
between the partners regarding the direction of the project or its marketing. 24% (i.e. 307.000 m²) of the projects in the 
Group's portfolio are developed in cooperation with partners. Over the past ten years, a number of disputes have arisen 
with certain (former) partners, which could be resolved within the budgets fixed for the projects concerned, which explains 
why the probability of the occurrence of this risk remains average but limited in terms of financial impact. 
 
4.1.4 
Risk related to economic conditions 
 
The Issuer's results are linked to the resale value of its projects. In this respect, the Issuer is exposed to economic conditions 
that influence the real estate sector in general, including the office and residential real estate segments in which the Issuer 
is active.  
 
The residential and office markets depend on the confidence of, on the one hand, investors, i.e. the prospective purchasers 
of the office or residential properties developed by the Group, and, on the other hand, private sector companies, households 
and public sector players, i.e. the prospective tenants of these properties. The residential market also depends on the 
financial means (equity and credit) households can devote to housing (purchase or rental). However, the real estate 
development sector does not keep pace with the business cycle of the industry and services sector.  
 
Currently available forecasts for the countries in which the Issuer invests (Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Hungary, 
Romania, Poland, Germany, Portugal, Netherlands and United Kingdom) have been taken into account in the outlook 
(please see also section 10.5 (Principal Markets)). Should the economic situation in these countries deteriorate, the Issuer's 
earnings outlook could be revised downwards accordingly. This would in turn affect the results of mature projects included 
in the income statement for the year in question. This would also lead to a reduction or slowdown in expected rental income 
before the disposal of office buildings and a reduction in the value of the property to be sold and consequently the expected 
margin on the project. This risk can be considered as having an average probability of occurrence given that its economic 
and financial effects are spread over time. Please see section 9.6 (Trends) in this respect. 
 
In the specific context of the Covid-19 crisis, there could be, for certain projects, a timing mismatch due to a potential 
slowdown of the government in issuing authorisations before the sales proceeds are recognised on the income statement, 
without it being possible, at this stage, to estimate the impact on results and cash flow.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
 
4.1.5 
Risk with respect to the disposal of real estate assets 
 
The Issuer's earnings depend primarily on the sale of its projects. The Issuer's income may therefore fluctuate from year to 
year depending on the number of real estate projects likely to be sold during a given year. By way of example, the 2008/2009 
financial crisis resulted in such a slowdown in the real estate sector that the development and sale of some of the Group's 
real estate projects had to be postponed. Specifically for the Issuer and its subsidiaries, the lag in income due to delays in 
the marketing of the group's projects resulted in the absence of income for 2010, a result which was carried forward to 
subsequent years and amounted to approximately five (5) million euros. In the specific context of the Covid-19 pandemic, 
certain projects could be affected by delays due to a possible slowdown by the administrations, resulting in the inability to 
obtain the necessary authorisations prior to recognition of the sales proceeds on the income statement, without it being 
possible to estimate, at this stage, the impact on income and cash flow. This risk is linked to the business cycle risk and has 
the same probability of occurrence. The Issuer is of the opinion that the probability of occurrence of this risk is moderate. 
If this risk were to affect a project whose contribution is expected to arise during a given financial year, it could have a 
potentially significant negative impact on the Issuer's year-end results. 
 
4.1.6 
The Issuer is exposed to risks in terms of liquidity and financing.  
 
The development of the Group's projects requires significant capital, based on a diversification of financing sources, which 
are partially obtained on the capital markets (in the form of bond or commercial paper issues) or through borrowings from 
leading national and international banks (at the level of the Issuer or the Subsidiaries concerned by the project to be 
developed).  
 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries aim to obtain the necessary financing in order to ensure the construction of their real estate 
projects. The financing generally covers the entire construction period, with a view to commercialization within a 
reasonable period of time, generally one year, after completion of the works. When marketing prospects appear favourable 
and offer sufficient leeway in terms of valuation of the project, the Issuer may decide to directly finance its projects or the 
Subsidiaries developing the projects.  
 
In the context of any project financing, even where the projects are not directly held by the Issuer’s Subsidiaries, the assets 
under construction and the shares of the Issuer's Subsidiaries are generally pledged in favour of the lending credit 
institutions. In the event of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, bankruptcy or similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, 
secured creditors of the Issuer will be paid out of the proceeds of the security they hold in priority to the holders of the 
Notes. If similar events affect any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, creditors of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, regardless of whether 
their debts are secured or unsecured, will be reimbursed with priority from the proceeds obtained from realisation of the 
Subsidiaries' assets.  
 
The Issuer had gross indebtedness of 833.38 million euros as of 31 December 2021 (compared to 657.17 million euros on 
31 December 2020). This indebtedness has different maturities: 43 per cent of the debt is repayable within 12 months, 48 
per cent. is repayable within 5 years and 9 per cent. is repayable after 5 years (compared to 34 per cent., 56 per cent. and 
10 per cent. respectively as of 31 December 2020). On 31 December 2021, the Issuer's indebtedness was composed of 30 
per cent. bank loans, 25 per cent. "stand-alone" not green bond issues, 12 per cent. "stand-alone" green bond issues, and 33 
per cent. of debt securities issued under CP, MTN and EMTN programmes1.  
 
                                                          
1 A stand-alone bond issuance is a bond issuance using ad hoc contractual documentation for such specific series of bonds, as opposed to a bond 
issuance taking place in the framework of a programme.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Taking into account cash and cash equivalents and other current financial assets, consolidated net financial debt amounted 
to 742.43 million euros at 31 December 2021 (compared to 589.54 million euros at 31 December 2020). The ratio of net 
indebtedness (being the total consolidated indebtedness less cash and cash equivalent and other financial assets (current) 
(in each case, as set out in the relevant financial statements of the Issuer) to the consolidated assets (as set out in relevant 
financial statements of the Issuer)) to total assets as of 31 December 2021 was 60 per cent. (compared to 56 per cent. as of 
31 December 2020).  
 
The liquidity and financing risk could have a significant impact, but the probability of occurrence of this risk is low. 
Nonetheless, the Group remains exposed to the risk of not being able to repay a loan at maturity due to a cash-flow timing 
mismatch between funds invested in projects in development and the absence of the sale of one or more of these projects. 
The Group also remains exposed to the risk of having to borrow at more onerous financial terms than budgeted. If this risk 
materialises, it could affect the Issuer's financial position and/or results. As a result, the Group could find itself unable to 
repay its short-term debts and those due during the current financial year or it could be unable to meet its financial 
obligations to suppliers, which would slow down or halt works in progress. Due to these difficulties, the situation would 
affect the projects concerned. This could have a material adverse impact on the financial condition and prospect of the 
Issuer and have an impact of the ability of the Issuer to comply with its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Please also refer to the risk factors set out in sections 4.2.16 "The market value of the Notes may be affected by the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer" and 4.2.1 "The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, there is no limitation on 
additional indebtedness, and in an insolvency scenario, Notes will be subordinated to any current or future secured 
indebtedness of the Issuer and to any current or future (secured or unsecured) indebtedness of the Subsidiaries of the 
Issuer" for more information. 
 
4.1.7 
Interest rate risk 
 
The financing of the Group and of projects through the Group's subsidiaries is secured on the basis of short-term interest 
rates, 1 to 12 months Euribor. When drawdowns are made for longer periods, the Group contracts fixed or floating rate 
advances accompanied by a swap converting the floating rate into a fixed rate (IRS). In the context of project financing, 
banks authorise drawdowns of 1 to 12 months during the term of the loan, depending on the duration of construction. These 
circumstances limit interest rates fluctuations. In addition, financing costs represent between 6 and 8 percent of a project's 
total budget. As a result, sensitivity to changes in short-term interest rates is relatively low, the probability of occurrence 
remains limited, and the impact on the income statement for the current year would be between 500,000 euros and one 
million euros. 
 
The Issuer uses derivatives only for hedging purposes. Derivatives are included on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes 
in the fair value of derivative financial instruments constituting cash-flow hedges are recognised directly on the balance 
sheet. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as fair value hedges are recognised on the income 
statement, as are changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability. 
 
In 2021, the only derivative transaction (IRS maturing in 2024) with a negative impact, recognised under equity and 
amounting to EUR 184,000, was a loan agreement with BNPP Polska in Warsaw in the framework of financing for a 
project.  If the EURIBOR 3M rate were to become even more negative, e.g. dropping from -0.57% to -0.60%, the impact 
would be the same in 2022 as in 2021. 
 
4.1.8 
Currency risk 
 
The Group holds foreign assets located outside the Eurozone, namely in Poland, Hungary, Romania and United Kingdom, 
via subsidiaries active in real estate development.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
The Group considers the currency of each country as the "functional" currency within the meaning of IAS 21. This standard 
and Regulation (EC) 1126/2008 of 3 November 2008 deal with the "effects of changes in foreign exchange rates" in the 
individual statements of each entity and define how to translate these financial statements (prepared in another currency) 
into euros (presentation currency).  
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the currencies of the countries in which it operates in particular Hungarian forints 
(“HUF”), Romanian lei (“RON”) and Polish zloty (“PLN”). Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the 
functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. At year-end, monetary assets and liabilities are 
converted at year-end rates. Gains or losses resulting from this conversion are recognized in the income statement, except 
for the restatement of inter-company advances forming part of the net investment in the subsidiary. The conversion of the 
financial statements of subsidiaries from their functional currency (local currency) into the consolidation currency gives 
rise to conversion differences, which are recognized directly in the currency conversion adjustment in equity. 
 
The Group uses hedge accounting under IFRS 9. Conversion differences on hedged items or hedging instruments are 
recognized at fair value directly in equity in respect of cash flow hedges. 
Projects under development in Poland, Hungary and Romania are booked as inventory, based on purchase prices and market 
prices relating to design and construction costs. All active steps contributing to the successful completion of a project reflect 
the value creation in euros contributed by the Issuer and justify maintaining an "at cost" asset value as long as the project's 
feasibility study demonstrates its profitability based on prevailing market conditions. If a project were to be abandoned and 
the net market value was lower than the net book value, the project would be subject to an appropriate value adjustment. 
Such a scenario is currently not envisaged for the projects in Poland, Hungary, Romania and United Kingdom.  
 
The regular updating of project feasibility parameters (cost price, rental price, disposal conditions) enables the Group to 
control the extent to which the potential margin is affected by changes in economic and financial conditions. The estimate 
of earnings per project reflects the deterioration in the Romanian and Hungarian currencies since 2008 and 2009 and 
therefore includes currency risk as a parameter for the feasibility of each project. As the rental and investment market in 
which the Issuer is active in these countries operates mainly in euros, no currency hedging has been carried out. 
 
Currency risk may arise when projects in any of the four abovementioned countries are sold, having regard to the time 
needed to repatriate the funds and liquidate the companies that held the projects. The valuation of these funds in the local 
accounts results in the recognition of exchange differences impacting the Issuer's consolidated income statement. For 
example, after the complete disposal of the assets of CVT (the subsidiary responsible for Project Vaci Greens in Hungary), 
the consolidated income statement was impacted by an exchange difference of EUR 180,000 in 2017.  
 
Legal and regulatory risks 
 
4.1.9 
Risk of litigation 
 
Legal or arbitral proceedings may be commenced against the Issuer and its subsidiaries in connection with their activities, 
by purchasers or sellers of properties, tenants, creditors, contractors, subcontractors, former or current employees of the 
Issuer, public authorities or other relevant persons. If it materialises, this risk could have an impact on the Issuer's cash 
flows. In 2021, no litigation faced by the Group had a material impact on the Issuer's results or financial position, and the 
Issuer does not expect any such impact. 
 
This risk is specific to the Issuer's business and more generally to the real estate sector, having regard to the application of 
numerous complex and continually evolving laws which may give rise to disputes between sector players. In view of the 
level of investment associated with these transactions, an increase in the number of projects increases the probability of the 
occurrence of such events. Further to the last dispute in 2010, a settlement between the parties resulted in a 2.35 million 
euro impact on the 2017 consolidated financial statements, which was recognised in the year in which the decision was 
rendered.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
4.2 
Risks relating to the Notes 
 
Risks relating to the Conditions 
 
4.2.1 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, there is no limitation on additional indebtedness, and in an 
insolvency scenario, Notes will be subordinated to any current or future secured indebtedness of the Issuer and to 
any current or future (secured or unsecured) indebtedness of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer  
 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt or securities ranking pari passu with the Notes. The Notes do not limit 
the ability of the Issuer to incur additional indebtedness or issue securities. This could have an impact on the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligations under the Notes or could cause a decrease in the value of the Notes. 
 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to the secured obligations of the Issuer and the secured and unsecured debt of the 
Issuer’s Subsidiaries. The right of the Noteholders to receive payment on the Notes is not secured or guaranteed. In the 
event of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, bankruptcy or similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, secured creditors 
of the Issuer will be paid out of the proceeds of the security they hold in priority to the holders of the Notes. Also, in the 
event of an insolvency of a subsidiary of the Issuer, it is likely that in accordance with applicable insolvency laws the 
creditors of such subsidiary will need to be repaid in full prior to any distribution being possible to the Issuer as shareholder 
of such subsidiary. The right of the Noteholders to obtain (full or partial) repayment of the Notes may be substantially 
affected due to the application of such insolvency or reorganisation proceedings. Payments under the Notes and enforcement 
measures are in principle suspended. Noteholders may also be forced to accept a reorganization plan on the basis of which 
their claims to obtain payment of principal and interest under the Notes are significantly reduced, without their prior consent. 
 
Below contains an overview of the secured and unsecured indebtedness of the Group as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including in connection with assets under construction and 
31-12-21
Subsidiaries
Group
Secured
Non-secured
Secured
"Standalone" not Green Bonds
210.000.000
210.000.000
"Standalone" Green Bonds
100.000.000
100.000.000
EMTN 
73.600.000
73.600.000
MTN - Commercial Paper
200.000.000
200.000.000
Banks
18.900.000
39.714.286
191.162.857
249.777.143
TOTAL
18.900.000
623.314.286
191.162.857
833.377.143
Secured
210.062.857
25%
Non-secured
623.314.286
75%
31-12-20
Subsidiaries
Group
Secured
Non-secured
Secured
"Standalone" not Green Bonds
210.000.000
210.000.000
EMTN 
100.600.000
100.600.000
MTN - Commercial Paper
138.900.000
138.900.000
Banks
18.900.000
10.428.571
178.339.562
207.668.134
TOTAL
18.900.000
459.928.571
178.339.562
657.168.134
Secured
197.239.562 30%
Non-secured
459.928.571 70%
Amount in €
Issuer
Issuer

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
the shares of the Issuer's Subsidiaries are generally pledged in favour of the lending credit institutions. Right of payment 
under the Notes might be subordinated to future additional indebtedness of the Issuer which might be secured, whereas 
the Notes are unsecured.  
 
Where security interests in respect of Relevant Debt as defined in the Conditions (which generally refer to any existing or 
future debt in the form of or represented by financial instruments/securities and not bank loans with the exception of any 
transferable debt instruments exclusively earmarked for the financing of a specific project for which, as the case may be, 
security interests would only be granted in respect of that project) are granted by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries over all or part 
of its commitments, assets, revenue or profits, existing or future, equivalent or similar security interests will be granted to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
 
The Issuer is, however, not restricted from granting security for other indebtedness (including bank loans) and it cannot 
be excluded that the Issuer would enter into secured bank loans in the future, which will then benefit first from the 
proceeds from the enforcement of such security in the event of liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation, bankruptcy or any 
other similar procedure affecting the Issuer.  
 
In the event of an insolvency scenario (or similar procedure), due to the (structural) subordination described above, the 
holders of secured indebtedness of the Issuer and the creditors of the Issuer’s Subsidiaries will be repaid ahead of the 
Noteholders. In these situations, the Noteholders’ ability to obtain full or partial repayment may be prejudiced.  
 
Please also refer to the risk factors set out in sections 4.1.6 "The Issuer is exposed to risks in terms of liquidity and 
financing" and 4.2.16 "The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer" for more 
information.  
 
For more information about the securities granted by the Issuer and its subsidiaries, reference is made to notes 20 (Current 
and non-current financial liabilities / financing policy) and 26 (Rights and commitments) of the annual financial report 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
4.2.2 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates and the inflation 
 
Where the interest on the Notes will be payable at a fixed rate of interest the holder of such Note is exposed to the risk that 
the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in market interest rates. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate 
Note is fixed, the current interest rate on the market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market 
interest rate changes, the price of such note tends to evolve in the opposite direction.  
 
If the market interest rate increases, the price of such note typically falls until the yield of such note is approximately equal 
to the market interest rate.  
Inflation risk is the risk relating to the future value of money. In this respect, the actuarial yield on the Notes will be reduced 
due to the effect of inflation. The higher the inflation, the lower the actuarial return of a Note. If the inflation is equal to or 
higher than the interest rate applicable to the Notes, then the actuarial return is equal to zero or could be negative. 
Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and 
can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Notes. 
 
4.2.3 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all investors 
 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally in line with the provisions included in the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Investors might therefore be bound by certain amendments 
to the Notes to which they did not consent. Consequently, such decisions may include decisions relating to the interest 
payable on the Notes (if any) and/or the amount paid by the Issuer upon redemption of the Notes. 
 
4.2.4 
The Notes may be reimbursed before their maturity  
 
In case of the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Change of Control, the Notes may be reimbursed before their maturity 
in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances, an investor may end up in the position of not being able to 
reinvest the proceeds of the (potential) redemption at a similar rate as the rate of the Notes.  
 
Please also refer to risk factors set out in sections 4.2.1 "The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, there is no 
limitation on additional indebtedness, and in an insolvency scenario, Notes will be subordinated to any current or future 
secured indebtedness of the Issuer and to any current or future (secured or unsecured) indebtedness of the Subsidiaries of 
the Issuer", 4.1.6 "The Issuer is exposed to risks in terms of liquidity and financing risk", 4.2.5 "The Issuer may not be able 
to repay the Notes or interest due in accordance with the Conditions" and 4.2.16 "The market value of the Notes may be 
affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer" for more information. 
 
Potential investors should be aware that, in the event that holders of a significant proportion of the Notes exercise their right 
to early redemption, Notes in respect of which such right is not exercised may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
 
4.2.5 
The Issuer may not be able to repay the Notes or interest due in accordance with the Conditions  
 
The Issuer may not be able to repay the interests when they fall due or the principal amount of the Notes at maturity. The 
Issuer may also be required to repay all or part of the Notes early in the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default or, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the event of a Change of Control. If Noteholders would request redemption 
of their Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Change of Control, the Issuer cannot guarantee that it will 
be able to pay the full Early Redemption Amount required. The Issuer's ability to pay the Early Redemption Amount or 
interest will depend on its financial position (including its cash flow, which is dependent on its ability to receive income 
and dividends from its Subsidiaries) at the time of the request for redemption and may be limited by law, by the terms of 
the Issuer's indebtedness and by any agreements it may have entered into prior to or at such time which may replace, 
supplement or amend its existing or future indebtedness. The Issuer’s failure to repay the Notes may result in an event of 
default (however described) under the terms of other existing indebtedness, which may in turn have a significant impact on 
the financial position of the Issuer and its ability to repay its debts. In such case, investors should be aware that, especially 
Notes with a longer maturity are exposed to a higher risk should the Issuer's ability to repay the Notes and/or interest due 
be affected. 
 
Please also refer to the risk factors set out in section 4.1.6 "The Issuer is exposed to risks in terms of liquidity and financing 
risk" concerning the indebtedness of the Issuer, and in section 4.2.1 "The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
there is no limitation on additional indebtedness, and in an insolvency scenario, Notes will be subordinated to any current 
or future secured indebtedness of the Issuer and to any current or future (secured or unsecured) indebtedness of the 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer", section 4.2.4 "The Notes may be reimbursed before their maturity" and section 4.2.16 "The 
market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer".  
 
4.2.6 
The Change of Control Option may affect the value of the Notes, may have an impact on the liquidity of the 
outstanding Notes and can only be exercised in specific circumstances 
 
Noteholders may request the early redemption of their Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of Control of the Issuer 
(subject to the conditions set out in Condition 74(d) (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control) 
and provided that such right has been approved by the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer and such resolutions 
have been filed with the clerk office of the relevant Commercial court). In the event of early redemption of the Notes, the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Early Redemption Amount of the Notes will be equal to the nominal value of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued interest. If 
the possibility of early redemption were to arise, this could affect the value of the Notes and the Noteholders may not be 
able to reinvest the proceeds of an early redemption at a rate as high as that applicable to the Notes. 
 
Noteholders should be aware that, in the event that the Noteholders of a significant proportion of the Notes exercise their 
Change of Control Option in accordance with Condition 7 (d) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change 
of Control), the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Option is not exercised may be illiquid and difficult to 
sell. Potential investors should also be aware that the put option can only be exercised in specified circumstances of a 
“Change of Control” as defined in the Conditions. This may not cover all situations where a change of control may occur 
or where successive changes of control occur in relation to the Issuer. The definition of Change of Control for instance does 
not cover the situation where one or more third parties, acting in concert with one or more Exempt Person(s), obtain a 
significant participation or number of voting rights in the Issuer and, on the basis of such participation, exercise de facto 
control over the Issuer. In such case, the Noteholders will not be entitled to request redemption of their Notes. If so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, potential investors should be aware that the optional redemption right in the event of a Change 
of Control (as defined in Condition 7 (d) (ii) (Change of Control Put Option) can only be exercised by the Noteholder 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, (i) the Change of Control resolutions have been approved 
by the shareholders of the Issuer in a general meeting, and (ii) the Change of Control resolutions have been filed with the 
Clerk of the Business Court of Brabant-Wallon (griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank /greffe du tribunal de l'entreprise). 
The Issuer has undertaken, pursuant to Condition 7 (d) (ii) (Change of Control Put Option), to use all reasonable endeavours 
to procure that the Change of Control Resolutions be passed at the latest at the next annual general meeting of shareholders 
of the Issuer and to file a copy of the resolutions immediately thereafter with the Clerk of the Commercial Court of Brabant-
Wallon (greffe du tribunal de l'entreprise/griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank). On the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Change of Control resolutions are not yet approved by the shareholders of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that such 
approval will be granted. If a Change of Control occurs prior to such approval and filing or if the shareholders do not 
approve such Condition, Noteholders may not be able to exercise the option set out in Condition 7 (d) (ii) (Change of 
Control Put Option).  
 
4.2.7 
The Notes may be subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer 
 
The Notes may be subject to an early redemption option of the Issuer: 
 
if both the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and if it has or becomes obliged to pay additional amounts as a result of any change in applicable laws or 
regulations and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, as further 
set out in Condition 7(b) (Redemption for tax reasons); and 
 
if both the Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Issuer exercised the Call Option as further set out in Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer). 
 
Any optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect 
to redeem Notes or the market anticipates that any such redemption might occur, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
 
4.2.8 
Belgian Withholding Tax - Gross-up protection may not be applicable

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Potential investors should be aware that, if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as 
not applicable in the Final Terms, the Conditions do not require the Issuer to gross up the net payments received by a 
Noteholder in relation to the Notes with the amounts withheld or deducted for Belgian tax purposes. In case the Belgian tax 
rules would be amended such that Noteholders holding their Notes in an exempt securities account in the NBB Securities 
Settlement System are no longer exempt from Belgian withholding tax, such Noteholders will bear the risk that Belgian 
withholding tax will be applied to and withheld from the payments to be received in relation to the Notes. The Noteholders 
(and no other person) will be liable for, and be obliged to pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment 
whatsoever as may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, transfer or payment in respect of the Notes. 
This could have a significant impact on the net amounts the investors will receive pursuant to the payments to be made 
under the Notes and could also materially adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
 
In addition, even if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, a tax gross up requirement will apply but this is subject to certain exception as set out in Condition 10 
(Taxation) of the Conditions. 
 
4.2.9 
Notes which are issued as Green Bonds may not meet all investors’ expectations (including any green or 
sustainable performance objective) or may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or regulatory or legal criteria 
and failure to apply with the proceeds to Eligible Green Projects or to provide any allocation or impact reporting 
or to have a Second Party Compliance Opinion shall not constitute an Event of Default 
 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the use of proceeds is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be for the financing and/or 
refinancing of specified “green” or “sustainability” projects of the Group, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility 
criteria ("Eligible Green Projects") (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Green 
Bonds").  
 
If the use of proceeds of the Notes as "Green Bonds" is a factor in a prospective investor's decision to invest in the Notes, 
they should consider the disclosure in the sections "Use of Proceeds" and “Atenor Green Finance Framework” and consult 
with their legal or other advisers before making an investment in the Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance 
of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. 
 
No assurance is given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Project (as 
defined in the Atenor Green Finance Framework (version 2 February 2022, as may be amended from time to time)) will 
meet, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment mandates (in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any assets or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from the Green Bonds). The Atenor Green Finance Framework is 
available on the Issuer’s website but is not incorporated by reference herein and may be amended or supplemented or 
replaced from time to time. 
 
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any assets or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and 
projects funded with the proceeds from the Green Bonds will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such  “green”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts 
will not occur during uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Project. 
 
Investors should take into account that there is currently no clear single definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
international market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or to receive such other 
equivalent label. The European Union has already adopted developing various sustainability related rules and regulations,

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
including Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the EU 
Climate Delegated Act (together, the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”), establishing the criteria for determining whether an 
economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an 
investment is environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is still being further developed and will be further 
supplemented by various delegated acts. For purposes of establishing the Atenor Green Finance Framework in February 
2022, the EU Taxonomy Regulation has not been applied and it is therefore possible that the Atenor Green Finance 
Framework and the allocation of the proceeds of the Green Bonds to Eligible Green Projects are not taxonomy aligned. 
More generally, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and 
sustainable market, there is a risk that the Atenor Green Finance Framework and any Eligible Green Project will not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to 
comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
 
Investors should however be aware that the Issuer has no contractual obligation to allocate the proceeds of Green Bonds to 
finance eligible businesses and projects or to publish the annual reports as may be described in the "Use of Proceeds" or 
“Atenor Green Finance Framework”. Even though the Issuer intends to allocate the proceeds of the Green Bonds to Eligible 
Green Projects, it may not be the case in practice, in particular for reasons that are outside of the Issuer’s control or which 
the Issuer is not able to anticipate. The Issuer's failure to allocate the proceeds of the Green Bonds to finance an Eligible 
Green Project or to publish annual reports or the failure of any of the Eligible Green Project to meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such  “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, will not 
constitute an Event of Default (as defined in the Conditions) or breach of contract with respect to the Green Bonds and may 
affect the value of the Notes and/or have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green or sustainable assets.   
 
Pursuant to the International Capital Markets Association ("ICMA") and Green Bond Principles version June 2021  
("GBP") voluntary guidelines and the Loan Market Association's Green Loan Principles version February 2021 ("GLP") 
voluntary guidelines recommending that issuers use external review to confirm their alignment with the key features of the 
GBP, at the Issuer's request, ISS ESG (an independent global environmental, social and governance rating and consultancy 
agency) issued, in February 2022, a second-party opinion regarding the sustainability credentials and management of the 
financing instruments as an investment in connection with relevant environmental and social objectives (the "ISS ESG 
Opinion") and confirms alignment of the Atenor Green Finance Framework with the four components of each of the GBP, 
and GLP. The ISS ESG Opinion did not consider or confirm alignment with any other guidelines, regulations or principles 
such as the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The ISS ESG Opinion is made available to investors on the Issuer's website 
(www.atenor.eu/en/sustainability/green-finance-framework/) but is not incorporated by reference and may amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time. The ISS ESG Opinion is for information purposes only and the Issuer and the 
Dealers do not accept any form of liability for the substance of the ISS ESG Opinion and/or any liability for loss arising 
from the use of the ISS ESG Opinion and/or the information provided in it. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion 
or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
to enter into the Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion or certification was 
initially issued.  
 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the ISS ESG Opinion, the Atenor Green Finance 
Framework or any other opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of any opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
(including the provider of the second party opinion) are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In particular, no assurance or representation is or can be given by the Issuer to investors that any such opinion or certification 
will reflect any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. In case there are any shortcomings in the opinions and 
certifications of any such provider, such provider would typically be exclusively liable towards the relevant party having 
solicited the opinion or certification and not vis-à-vis the Noteholders. The Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme, as indicated in Section 1.1 of this 
Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of the Notes, may result in the 
delisting of such the Notes from any dedicated  “green” or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in green or sustainable assets.  
 
4.2.10 The price of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may be more volatile 
 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.  
 
4.2.11 Notes where Maximum Rate of Interest applies are less exposed to the positive performance or fluctuations of the 
underlying Reference Rate 
 
Notes where a Maximum Rate of Interest applies, will be less exposed to the positive performance or fluctuations of the 
underlying Reference Rate. 
 
Notes where a Maximum Rate of Interest applies to a particular Interest Basis, have an interest rate that is subject to a 
maximum specified rate. The Maximum Interest Amount payable in respect of such Interest Basis will occur when the 
applicable formula leads to a Rate of Interest which is higher than the maximum specified rate, in which case the Rate of 
Interest will be limited to the Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the Final Terms. Investors in such Notes will therefore 
not benefit from any increase in the relevant Reference Rate. 
 
Where the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period is negative (whether by operation of a negative Margin or otherwise), 
then such Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
 
4.2.12 The regulation and reform of “benchmarks”, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may adversely affect the value of 
Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rate 
benchmarks or other types of rates and indices (as defined in Article 3 of the Benchmark Regulation) which can be used to 
determine the amounts payable under Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates 
are linked to LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”) became applicable from 1 
January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect 
of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” trigger changes

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain “benchmarks”. 
 
The elimination of LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further 
described in Condition 6.3), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including 
Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and 
as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR or 
LIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service) becomes unavailable. 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Conditions provide for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate and/or any page 
on which an Original Reference Rate may be published, becomes unavailable or if an Original Reference Rate has been 
discontinued. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, with or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments 
to the Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined 
by the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert). An Adjustment 
Spread, if applied could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment 
Spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to investors. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless 
be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application 
of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.  
 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Independent Advisor has been appointed or no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement 
of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of floating rate Notes is to 
be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2014 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” 
Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined 
on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate 
or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to 
the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Risks relating to the subscription of the Notes, the listing and settlement of the Notes and the market in the Notes 
 
4.2.13 An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in 
any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions. Any such disruption may have a negative 
effect on holders of either series of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer's prospects and financial performance. As a result, 
there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading market develops, you may 
not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all. Although application has been made for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, there can be no assurance that any particular Tranche 
of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
 
4.2.14 The issue price and/or the offer price may not take into account the fees, commissions and/or inducements which 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes  
 
Potential investors should note that the issue price and/or the offer price of the Notes may include certain additional fees 
and costs as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).  
 
Any such fees may not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of the Notes on the secondary market 
and could result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of such Notes and/or 
the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse 
effect on the value of Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and issue date of the Notes, where any such fees 
and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
An initial investor selling the Notes in the secondary market may hence receive an amount that is less than the amount it 
paid when subscribing for the Notes. 
 
4.2.15 There could be conflicts of interest which could be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the 
Agent and any Calculation Agent do not assume any fiduciary or other obligations to the Noteholders. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
 
Potential investors should also be aware that the Issuer is involved in a general business relation and/or in specific 
transactions with the Agent or/and the Dealers and that they might have conflicts of interests which could have an adverse 
effect to the interests of the Noteholders. In the framework of normal business relationships with its banks, the Issuer and 
its subsidiaries may enter into loans and other borrowings with the Dealers and the Agent (through bilateral transactions 
and/or syndicated loans with other banks). On 31 December 2021, the financial indebtedness of the Group towards Belfius 
amounted to EUR 35.94 million and the financial indebtedness of the Group towards KBC Bank NV amounted to EUR

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
23.9 million.  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Dealers provide, among other things, payment services, investments of 
liquidities, credit facilities, bank guarantees and assistance in relation to bonds and structured products to the Issuer and 
its subsidiaries for which certain fees and commissions are being paid. These fees represent recurring costs which are 
being paid to the Dealers as well as to other banks which offer similar services. 
Potential investors should also be aware that the Dealers may from time to time hold debt securities, shares and/or other 
financial instruments of the Issuer.  
 
Furthermore, the Dealers and the Agent may receive customary commissions in relation to any offer of Notes.  
Certain parties involved in any issuance of the Notes may act in different capacities and may also be engaged in other 
commercial relationships, in particular, be part of the same group, be lenders, provide banking, investment banking or other 
services (whether or not financial) to other parties involved in the relevant issuance of Notes. In such relationships the 
relevant parties may not be obliged to take into consideration the interests of the Noteholders. Accordingly, because of 
these relationships, potential conflicts of interest may arise out of the transaction. 
 
The terms and conditions of loan agreements between the Dealers and the Issuer may contain or contain covenants, 
different from or not included in the conditions of the proposed Notes. The Noteholders should be aware of the fact that 
the Dealers, when they act as lenders to the Issuer or another company within the Group (or when they act in any other 
capacity whatsoever), have no fiduciary duties or other duties of any nature whatsoever vis-à-vis the Noteholders and that 
they are under no obligation to take into account the interests of the Noteholders. 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV will act as the Issuer's Agent. In its capacity as Agent, it will act in their respective capacity in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Agency Agreement in good faith. However, Noteholders should be aware that the 
Agent does not assume any fiduciary or other obligations to the Noteholders and, in particular, is not obliged to make 
determinations which protect or further the interests of the Noteholders. The Agent or any Calculation Agent may rely on 
any information to which it should properly have regard to and is reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been 
originated by the proper parties. 
 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware that, in the absence of bad faith or willful default, the Calculation Agent shall not 
be liable for the consequences to any person (including Noteholders) of any errors or omissions (i) in the calculation by the 
Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the Notes, (ii) in any determination made by the Calculation Agent in 
relation to the Notes, (iii) arising as a result of any information provided to the Calculation Agent proving to have been 
incorrect or incomplete or (iv) arising as a result of any relevant information not being provided to the Calculation Agent 
on a timely basis. In any such situation, Noteholders will not have a recourse against the Agent or the Calculation Agent. 
 
4.2.16 The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, such as 
market interest and yield rates, the time remaining to the Maturity Date and, more generally, all economic, financial and 
political events in any country, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which 
the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. Please also refer to the risk 
factor set out in section 4.2.1 ("The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, there is no limitation on additional 
indebtedness, and in an insolvency scenario, Notes will be subordinated to any current or future secured indebtedness of 
the Issuer and to any current or future (secured or unsecured) indebtedness of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer") for more 
information.  
 
 
4.2.17 Reliance on the procedures of the NBB Securities Settlement System, Euroclear and Clearstream for transfer,

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
 
The Notes will be in dematerialised form in accordance with Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code. The Notes will be represented by book entries in the records of the NBB Securities Settlement System. Access to the 
NBB Securities Settlement System is available through the NBB Securities Settlement System participants whose 
membership extends to securities such as the Notes. The NBB Securities Settlement System participants include certain 
banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse), and Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, 
Interbolsa, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. 
 
Transfer of title of the Notes will be effected through account transfers between the NBB Securities Settlement System 
participants in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of the NBB Securities Settlement System. Transfers 
between investors will be effected in accordance with the respective rules and operating procedures of the participants in 
the NBB Securities Settlement System through which the relevant investors hold or will hold their Notes. Neither the Issuer, 
nor the Dealers or the Agent will have any responsibility for the proper performance by the NBB Securities Settlement 
System or the NBB Securities Settlement System participants of their obligations under their respective rules and operating 
procedures. 
 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the NBB Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Monte Titoli, Interbolsa, Euroclear France and LuxCSD and the other participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System 
to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, the Notes within the NBB Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Monte Titoli, Interbolsa, Euroclear France and LuxCSD and the other participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System. 
 
4.2.18 The Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared through the NBB 
Securities Settlement System. 
 
The Conditions and the Agency Agreement provide that the Agent will debit the relevant account of the Issuer and use such 
funds to make payment to the Noteholders and that the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be discharged 
by payment to the Agent in respect of each amount so paid. The Agency Agreement provides that the Agent will, 
simultaneously with the receipt by it of the relevant amounts, pay to the Noteholders, directly or through the NBB, any 
amounts due in respect of the relevant Notes. However, the Agent is not required to segregate any such amounts received 
by it in respect of the Notes, and in the event that the Agent were subject to insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings at any 
time when it held any such amounts, Noteholders would not have any further claim against the Issuer in respect of such 
amounts and would be required to claim such amounts from the Agent in accordance with applicable insolvency laws. This 
may have a negative impact on the Noteholders’ ability to obtain full or partial repayment.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
5. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents:  
 
(a) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ending on 31 December 2019 and 
the related auditor’s report thereon as set out in the annual report of the Issuer (available on 
https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-communication/annual-financial-reports/financial-annual-report-
2019), including the information set out at the following pages of the annual financial report 2019:  
 
Report of activities and projects 
Pages 26-57 
Statement of compliance 
Page 70 
Management report 
Pages 73-77 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 78 
Consolidated statement of the financial position 
Page 79 
Consolidated cash flow statement (indirect method) 
Pages 80-81 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 81 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 82-117 
Statement of the representatives of Atenor 
Page 118 
Report of the Auditors 
Pages 119-1222 
Valuation rules 
Page 123 
 
(b) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ending on 31 December 2020 and 
the related auditor’s report thereon as set out in the annual report of the Issuer (available on 
https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-communication/annual-financial-reports/financial-annual-report-
2020/), including the information set out at the following pages of the annual financial report 2020: 
 
Report of activities and projects 
Pages 60-93 
Statement of compliance 
Page 94 
Management report 
Pages 97-102 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 103 
Consolidated statement of the financial position 
Page 104 
Consolidated cash flow statement (indirect method) 
Pages 105-106 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 106 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 107-143 
Statement of the representatives of Atenor 
Page 144 
Report of the Auditors 
Pages 145-147 
Valuation rules 
Page 149 
 
(c) the half year financial report dated 6 September 2021 published by the Issuer, with the exception of the paragraph 
set out on page 3 indicating the trend towards the 2021 annual result should be higher than for 2020 (see "Prospects 
for the financial year 2021") (available on https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-communication/financial-
results/); 
 
(d)  the intermediate press release regarding the third quarter 2021 dated 18 November 2021 published by the Issuer, 
with the exception of the paragraph set out on page 3 indicating the trend towards the 2021 annual result should be 
higher 
than 
for 
2020 
(see 
"Outlook 
for 
the 
financial 
year 
2021") 
(available 
on 
https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-communication/financial-results/); 
 
(e) press release dated 10 March 2022 comprising the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year 
ending 
on 
31 
December 
2021, 
(available 
on 
https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
communication/financial-results/). 
 
Such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus 
to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than 
information listed in the cross reference list above is for information purposes only, and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Such non-incorporated parts are deemed not relevant for the investor, or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
 
The Issuer confirms that it has obtained the approval from the relevant auditor to incorporate by reference in this Base 
Prospectus the auditor’s reports for the financial years ending 31 December 2019 and on 31 December 2020. 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the FSMA 
in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in 
any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.atenor.eu).

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
6. 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
 
General  
 
In general, the Issuer issues Notes from time to time in order to diversify its sources of financing and to consolidate its long-
term debt (Please also refer to section 10.7.1"Financial Policy").  
 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer towards the funding of the 
development of a diversified and growing portfolio of real estate projects. Hence, the net proceeds may also be used, in the 
short or medium term, as the case may be, to finance the construction work on projects that have obtained a building permit 
and/or as the case may be, the refinancing of existing debts.  
 
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
Green bonds  
 
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may indicate that the net proceeds will be exclusively used by the Issuer to finance 
in whole or in part eligible green projects, that would fall under the eligibility criteria of eligible green projects (the "Eligible 
Green Projects") as described in the Issuer’s green Finance framework (the “Green Finance Framework”), in accordance 
with its environmental objectives relating to (i) renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainable waste management, 
sustainable land use, biodiversity conservation, and (ii) green offices: investments in existing / future assets in the Issuer’s 
portfolio which either require or will obtain specified sustainability certifications (BREEAM) or any other project falling 
within the ICMA Green Bond Principles as set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Green Finance Framework is available 
on the website of the Issuer (www.atenor.eu/eng/sustainability).

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
7. 
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
 
The Issuer has developed a green finance framework on 02 February 2022 (“Green Finance Framework”) aiming to attract 
specific funding for green assets and real estate projects which contribute to its sustainability strategy. Under this Green 
Finance Framework, the Issuer can issue a variety of green finance instruments including note which are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to constitute “Green Bonds” (“Green Bonds”). 
 
The Green Finance Framework provides a clear and transparent set of criteria for green finance instruments issued by the 
Issuer and is consistent with the guidelines of the Green Bond Principles issued by the International Capital Market 
Association (ICMA) version June 2018 (the “GBP”) and the Green Loan Principles from the Loan Market Association 
(LMA), version May 2020 (“GLP”, and together with the GBP, the "Green Principles"). These voluntary process 
guidelines are developed in multi-stakeholder processes involving issuers, investors, financial institutions and NGO’s, with 
a view to promoting the development and integrity of the sustainable finance market. The Green Finance Framework is 
available on the website of the Issuer (www.atenor.eu/eng/sustainability). The Green Finance Framework is not 
incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The Green Finance Framework may be 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
 
The Green Finance Framework covers (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the 
management of proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation and impact and (v) the external review.  
 
The below provides a short summary of the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
 
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be allocated exclusively to finance in whole or in part, sustainable and energy 
efficient real estate projects which contribute to its sustainability strategy (“Eligible Green Projects”).  
 
The Eligible Green Projects are also mapped to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). 
 
Eligible Green Projects are required to meet the eligibility criteria as set in the table below (“Eligibility Criteria”):

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
Eligible Green 
Projects CATEGORY 
& UN SDGs 
 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
 
Green Buildings 
 
 
 
 
 
GSDG 11: Sustainable Cities and 
Communities 
Eligible Assets contribute to the 
target to 
“Make cities and human 
settlements 
inclusive, safe, resilient and 
sustainable” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SDG 7: Affordable and Clean Energy 
Eligible Assets contribute to the 
target to 
“Ensure access to affordable, 
reliable, sustainable and modern 
energy for all”. 
 
 
Newly constructed, existing and/or refurbished buildings which meet 
recognized standards for best practices in energy and resource efficiency, 
sustainable building design, construction and operation. The certifications 
will be obtained at the latest at the delivery of the building.  
 
 
For office buildings : 
 
Core Indicators:  
 
 
BREEAM minimum ‘Excellent’ (Based on the BREEAM International New Construction 2016) 
Two of the three following requirements : 
 
Energy and Carbon Performance:achieve a minimum of 70 % of 
available credits of the BREEAM Energy category 
 
Water efficiency and savings:achieve a minimum of 70 % of available 
credits of the BREEAM Water category 
 
Waste management:achieve a minimum of 70 % of available credits 
of the BREEAM Waste category 
 
and additional other indicators (optional to core indicators): 
 
WELL Core and Shell 
 
DGNB 
 
HQE Sustainable Building minimum ‘Excellent’ 
 
GRO 
 
Nearly Zero Energy Building ('NZEB')  
 
LEED 
 
Passivehouse (PHI) 
 
Sustainable district 
 
Access4you 
 
Or equivalent certifications 
 
 
For residential buildings :  
 
Core Indicators : 
 
EPC levels of eligible projects per country / region   
 
Belgium - Brussels 
EPC - A 
Belgium - Flanders 
EPC - A 
Belgium - Wallonia 
EPC - A 
Germany 
EPC - B 
Netherlands 
EPC - A 
Luxembourg 
EPC – A - A 
Romania 
EPC - A 
Hungary 
EPC - BB

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
Or Maximum of 100 kWh/sqm.year of Primary Energy Demand 
 
 
Regarding the residential portfolio, the selection of projects is based on the best Energy Performance Certificates (EPC), as 
defined by European Norms EN 15217 and EN15251. As the graduation scale differs in each country / region, the 
comparison between projects might be irrelevant; meaning that an ‘A’ classification in Romania might not correspond to 
an ‘A’ in Germany. In order to clarify the selection, the Issuer has also specified an alternative criterion based on a maximum 
Primary Energy Demand, also part of the EPC calculation, expressed in a metric unit : kWh/m²/year. This alternative 
criterion allows the comparison between projects and set up the same minimum performance for all the residential projects 
across Europe. 100% of assets received or will receive an EPC label from A to BB. 
 
Process for Eligible Green Project evaluation and selection 
 
The Issuer follows a transparent process for selection and evaluation of Eligible Green Projects. Projects financed through 
the Green Bonds issued under the Issuer Green Finance Framework are evaluated and selected based on compliance with 
the Eligibility Criteria. All potential Eligible Green Projects comply with local laws and regulations, including applicable 
regulatory environmental and social requirements, as well as the Issuer's standards for environmental, social and governance 
risks (ESG).  
 
The process for Eligible Green Projects evaluation and selection is fully integrated in the Issuer’s management in particular 
through its Archilab structure. Archilab’s mission is to improve the environmental, economic and social performance of the 
project portfolio. In order to do so, Archilab gathers sustainability and ESG experts at the Issuer's highest level of decision. 
The Archilab Committee is composed of the Executive Committee, International Executives, Marketing and Sales Directors, 
and a dedicated assistant. The Archilab Committee meets every two months and, according to the agenda, internal or 
external experts are invited to contribute. Archilab’s director reports directly to the CEO. Its role is both to support the 
Issuer’s strategy and ensure coordination between the decision-making and operational sides. In the first phase of the 
Process, the Archilab Committee sets out the eligibility criteria for Green Project evaluation and the requirements for 
selection. At this stage, the Archilab Committee also sets out the environmental risks assessment applicable for all projects. 
Following up, the members of Archilab ensure that the decisions are implemented in the corporate company process and in 
its portfolio of projects. In the second phase of the Process, each potential Eligible Green Project is evaluated by the 
Executive Committee according to the criteria and the ESG risks defined by Archilab. Specific Executive Committee 
sessions are planned twice a week, in order to review each project several times a year with the dedicated team of the project. 
In the last phase of the Process, the final list of eligible projects is designated by the Executive Committee (including CEO 
and CFO). 
 
The Issuer holds five Boards of Directors per year for which the Executive Committee prepares a management report 
including ESG data from projects under development.  
 
The Issuer does not consider a lookback period for the project evaluation and selection. 
 
Management of Proceeds 
 
The Issuer will manage the net proceeds of issued Green Bonds on a portfolio basis. As long as the Green Bonds under this 
Green Finance Framework are outstanding, the Issuer aims to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Green 
Bonds towards its Eligible Green Projects. 
 
If a project is divested, discontinued or does no longer meet the definition of Eligible Green Projects, it will be removed 
from the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects and replaced by another Eligible Green Project. The Issuer aims to ensure that

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
the total value of issued Green Bonds does not exceed the value of its portfolio of Eligible Green Projects. Pending the full 
allocation of the net proceeds of issued Green Bonds to the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects the Issuer will manage the 
unallocated proceeds in cash or cash equivalents in line with its regular treasury criteria. The Issuer intends to allocate the 
full amount of net proceeds within the next 24 months following the issuance of the Green Bonds. 
 
The allocation of the net proceeds of issued Green Bonds to Eligible Green Projects will be subject to at least an annual 
review and approved by the Executive Committee until full allocation of the net proceeds of issued Green Bonds. 
 
Reporting 
 
The Issuer will report annually, until full allocation of the net proceeds, on the allocation of its net proceeds or until the 
bond matures, whichever is latest, on the allocation of its net proceeds of issued green finance instruments to its portfolio 
of Eligible Green Projects. This reporting will be available one year after the issuance of the first Green Finance Instrument 
on the Issuer’s website : http://www.atenor.eu/investors. 
 
Allocation Reporting 
The allocation report will include details on: 
 
the year of investment; 
 
the amounts of investments allocated to Eligible Green Projects; 
 
the geographic distribution of the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects; 
 
the balance of unallocated proceeds (if any); and 
 
the proportion of new financing and refinancing. 
 
Impact reporting 
The Issuer will report on environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Projects (re-)financed by the net proceeds of the 
Green Finance Instruments. 
 
The impact report will provide information regarding Eligible Green Projects and their certifications (i.e. BREEAM, WELL, 
NZEB, HQE, Sustainable District, Access4You and/or EPC), including for Office Buildings, the specific classification level 
where applicable (e.g. “Excellent”) and the credits reached for the specific BREEAM categories Energy, Water and Waste, 
as mentioned in the table under the subsection "Use of Proceeds". 
 
Additional impact indicators are subject to availability of data and could include : 
 
expected annual generation of renewable energy (in kWh) and the related CO2 emission avoidance; 
 
expected quantity of recycled material (in metric tonnes per year); 
 
number of electric vehicles charging stations installed; 
 
number of secured bicycles storage.  
 
External Review 
 
ISS ESG issued a second party opinion on 03 February 2022 confirming that the Green Finance Framework is in line with 
the Green Principles (the "Second Party Opinion"). This external opinion will certify the Issuer’s Green Finance 
Framework alignment with the applicable Green Principles, such as the Green Bond Principles (GBP) and the Green Loan 
Principles (GLP). The Second Party Opinion is available on the Issuer’s website www.atenor.eu/en/investors and is not 
incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any such opinion or review is not nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. As a result, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, 
liable for any issue in connection with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility 
of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme, as indicated in Section 1.1 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), subject to completion and as supplemented in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, or in case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement 
(the "Pricing Supplement"), save for the text in italics, which is included for information purposes only. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them or refer to information specified in Part 
A of the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under Atenor NV/SA’s (the “Issuer”) Euro Medium Term Notes programme (the “Programme”). 
 
The Notes are issued subject to an amended and restated paying, calculation and listing agency agreement dated on or about 
the date of this Base Prospectus (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the 
Issuer and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent, listing agent and calculation agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor paying agent, listing agent and calculation agent) and is subject to a service contract for the issuance 
of fixed income securities dated on or about 11 February 2022 (the "Clearing Services Agreement")  between the Issuer, 
the Agent and the National Bank of Belgium. The calculation agent for the time being (if any) is referred to below as the 
“Calculation Agent”. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Agent will act as the Calculation Agent. 
The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. 
 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by and construed in accordance with Belgian law and practices in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and have been drawn up on this basis. No assurance can be given as to the consequences of 
any legislative or regulatory change or reform, judicial decision or change in the interpretation of administrative practice 
in Belgium, which may occur after the Issuance Date of the Notes. Any such decision or change may affect the 
enforceability of the Noteholders' rights under the Conditions of the Notes or may render the exercise of such rights more 
difficult. Noteholders are advised to follow up on these changes or reforms and if need be, consult with legal or financial 
advisors to properly understand the potential impact of such changes or reforms on their legal and financial position. 
 
As used in the Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) are 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions 
which are the same in all respects save for the issue price, the date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue. 
 
In the Conditions, “euro”, “EUR” and “€” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at the registered office of the Agent. If the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement will be published on the website of the Issuer (https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-
communication/emtn). In the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable at the registered offices of the Issuer and of the Agent by a Noteholder holding one or more relevant Exempt 
Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as to its holding of such Exempt 
Notes and identity. 
 
The final terms for the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms which are 
incorporated by reference into the Notes and supplement the Conditions or, if the Notes are Notes which are neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (“Exempt Notes”), the final 
terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of the relevant Exempt Notes. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are incorporated by reference into the Notes. Any reference in the 
Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
where relevant.  
 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
 
 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
 
"Agreement Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date on which agreement is reached for issue of such Note; 
 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity; 
 
"Business Day" means: 
 
(i) 
in relation to all Notes other than those denominated in euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which (A) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Belgium and (B) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) (A) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Belgium, (B) on which the NBB 
Securities Settlement System is operating and (C) (if a payment in euro is to be made on that day) which 
is a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating (a ”TARGET Business Day”),  
and in relation to both (i) and (ii) above, such other day as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified as an Interest Business Day Jurisdiction in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Business Day Convention" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day; 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Change of Control Notice" means a notice which must be delivered by the Issuer to the Noteholders upon the 
occurrence of a Change of Control, in accordance with Condition 7 (d) (ii);

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
"Change of Control Put Option" means the option of the Noteholder to request the Issuer to redeem its Note 
upon occurrence of a Change of Control, as described in Condition 7 (d) (ii); 
 
"Change of Control Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to the Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder in accordance with the Change of 
Control Put Option; 
 
"Change of Control Put Option Period" means the period commencing on the date of a Change of Control and 
ending 60 calendar days following the date on which a Change of Control Notice is given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 7 (d) (ii); 
 
"Change of Control Put Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to the principal amount of such Note or 
such other amount as set out in the applicable Final terms; 
 
"Change of Control Put Settlement Date" means the 14th Business Day after the last day of the Change of 
Control Put Option Period;  
 
 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt; 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time, such day count 
fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of the Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
365; 
 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
Day count fraction = 
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 
− 𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 
− 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 
− 𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day 
included 
in 
the 
Interest 
Period 
falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30"; 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day count fraction = 
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 
− 𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 
− 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 
− 𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day count fraction = 
[360 𝑥 (𝑌2 
− 𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 
− 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 
− 𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Interest Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Interest Period to but excluding the last day of the Interest Period; 
 
"Delisting of the Shares" means that the ordinary shares of the Issuer are no longer listed or admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or any other equivalent market; 
 
"Delisting of the Notes" means in case the Notes were initially listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, 
the fact that the Notes are no longer listed or admitted to trading on such stock exchange or any other equivalent 
market; 
 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment 
Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on 
the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Eligible Investor" means a person who is entitled to hold securities through a so called "X account" (being an 
account exempted from withholding tax) in a settlement system in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Royal 
Decree of 26 May 1994 on the collection and refund of withholding tax (as amended or replaced from time to 
time);

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Banking 
Federation (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
 
"Holder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(a) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer); 
 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of that Note for that Interest Period; 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified as 
the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, or, if none is so specified, (i) 
if the specified Reference Rate is a LIBOR (other than euro LIBOR or Sterling LIBOR) rate, the second day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London prior to the start of such Interest Period; (ii) if the specified Reference Rate is a 
Sterling LIBOR rate, the first day of such Interest Period; or (iii) if the specified Reference Rate is a EURIBOR 
or euro LIBOR rate, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of such Interest 
Period; 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as such in, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business 
Day Convention; 
 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if 
the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date; 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
First Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.);

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently 
Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic LIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
"Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
 
(a) 
which realizes an operating profit representing at least 15% of the consolidated operating profit of the 
Issuer or whose assets represent at least 15% of the total consolidated assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries, it being understood that these two thresholds will be calculated on the basis of the last audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; or 
 
(b) 
to which a substantial part or whole of the assets and commitments of a Subsidiary are transferred, to the 
extent that Subsidiary was, immediately before such transfer, a Material Subsidiary; 
 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"NBB" means the National Bank of Belgium; 
 
"NBB Securities Settlement System" means the securities settlement system operated by the NNB or any 
successor thereto; 
 
"Noteholder", has the meaning given in Condition 3(a) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer); 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which has adopted the euro as its 
lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, 
state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
"Relevant Debt" means any existing or future indebtedness (whether for an amount in principal, premium, interest 
or any other amount) in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, commercial paper, debentures, treasury notes, 
or any other transferable debt instruments or other securities, irrespective of whether they have been issued in cash, 
partly or wholly for non-cash remuneration in a public or private transaction, which are listed, traded or may be 
listed or traded on a stock exchange, over the counter, or on any other securities market. 
Not constituting as a Relevant Debt are all transferable unlisted debt instruments entered into after the date of this 
Base Prospectus by the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries exclusively in connection with the financing of a 
specific real estate project by the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries and which has been secured by security 
interests granted by the Issuer or one of its Material Subsidiaries exclusively over one of the assets of such real 
estate project or over the shares of the relevant SPV and exclusively for the purposes of such real estate project; 
 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to the Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise 
a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder in accordance with the General Put Option; 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of 
the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Change of Control 
Put Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by 
the Calculation Agent in the market that are most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, whichever is the later of: (i) the date on which payment in respect 
of it first becomes due; and (ii) if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or refused the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) that such payment will be made, provided 
that such payment is in fact made as provided in these Conditions; 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the 
Reference Banks, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, or has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
 
"Relevant Time" means, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Security Interest" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or mandate to grant such security interests or any 
other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
"Shareholder Approval Requirement" means (i) the terms of Condition 7 (Change of Control Put Option) have 
been approved by the shareholders of the Issuer in a general shareholders' meeting, and (ii) such resolution has 
been filed with the Clerk of the relevant Enterprise Court (griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank / greffe du 
tribunal de l'entreprise), and evidence of the filing of such resolution with the Clerk of the relevant Enterprise 
Court (griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank / greffe du tribunal de l'entreprise) has been provided to the Agent 
by the Issuer (and the date on which the Shareholder Approval Requirement shall be satisfied shall be the date on 
which the Agent has received such evidence);  
 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, provided, however, that the 
Specified Denomination shall not be lower than EUR 1,000 (or nearly equivalent amount in any other currency), 
or such other amount as may be required by applicable laws and regulations; 
 
"Specified Office" is the initial specified office of the Agent which is Place Charles Rogier 11, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium or any other specified office notified by the Agent to the Noteholders;  
 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any company (a "holding company"), a company which is directly or indirectly 
controlled by the holding company within the meaning of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code;  
 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment 
system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007, or any successor 
thereto; 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
 
"Tax Event" means the occurrence of a Tax Gross-up Event or a Tax Deductibility Event as a result of a Tax 
Law Change; 
 
"Tax Deductibility Event" means any payment by the Issuer on account of interest in respect of the Notes ceases 
(or will cease) to be deductible by the Issuer for Belgian corporate income tax purposes or such deductibility is 
reduced; 
 
"Tax Gross-up Event" means the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; 
 
"Tax Law Change" means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date; 
 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
 
2.2 
Interpretation:  
 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional amounts in 
respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect 
of a Note and any other amount (other than interest) payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest which 
may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
(iii) 
A Note shall be considered to be "outstanding" as from the relevant issue date unless one or more of the 
following events has occurred: 
(a) 
it has been redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; or 
(b) 
the due date for its redemption in full has occurred and all sums due in respect of such Note 
(including all accrued interest to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) 
have been duly paid to the Agent and remain available for payment; or 
(c) 
it has become void or claims have become prescribed in respect of it; or 
(d) 
it has been purchased or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
  
(iv) 
any capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions shall have the meaning given to them in Part 
A of the relevant Final Terms; and 
 
(v) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Clearing Services Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement or the Clearing Services Agreement, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
 
The Notes will be in dematerialised form in accordance with Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations). The Notes will be 
represented exclusively by a book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of 
Belgium or any successor thereto. The Notes can be held by their holders through the participants in the NBB Securities 
Settlement System, including Euroclear and Clearstream, SIX SIS Ltd., Switzerland (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A, Italy 
(“Monte Titoli”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Interbolsa”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) and LuxCSD S.A. 
(“LuxCSD”), and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX 
SIS, Monte Titoli, Interbolsa, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or other participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System. 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through the NBB Securities Settlement System, and are accordingly subject to the 
applicable Belgian clearing regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its 
implementing Belgian royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-enacted or as their application 
is modified by other provisions from time to time) and the rules of the NBB Securities Settlement System and its annexes, 
as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition being referred 
to herein as the “NBB Securities Settlement System Regulations”). Title of the Notes will pass by account transfer. The 
Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange the Notes into bearer form. 
 
If at any time the Notes are transferred to another clearing system, not operated or not exclusively operated by the NBB, 
these provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to such successor clearing system and successor clearing system operator or 
any additional clearing system and additional clearing system operator. 
 
Notes will be issued in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination in integral multiples thereof as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the “X-only Issuance” as applicable, the Notes may be held only, and transferred only 
to, Eligible Investors. 
 
The Notes will be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be at least EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
 
The Notes may have multiple Specified Denominations, provided that the larger Specified Denominations are integral 
multiples of the smaller Specified Denominations. If the minimum Specified Denomination of Notes of a Series is EUR 
1,000, such Notes will only be tradeable in integral multiples of €1,000. 
 
The persons shown in the records of the NBB Securities Settlement System or the records of a participant or sub- participant 
of the NBB Securities Settlement System as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (a "Holder" or a 
"Noteholder") shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer and the Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of Notes. 
 
Noteholders are entitled to claim directly against the Issuer any payment which the Issuer has failed so to make, and to 
exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making requests, giving consents and other associative rights (as 
defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) against the Issuer upon 
submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear or another participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep 
dematerialised securities accounts showing their position in the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution 
through which their Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up 
by that financial institution will also be required). 
 
4. 
Status 
 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu 
and without preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are of 
general application. 
 
5. 
Negative pledge 
 
The Issuer undertakes, so long as any Note remains outstanding and until actual redemption in principal and interests 
thereof, that neither the Issuer nor any of its Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist any Security Interests, on 
all or part of their existing or future undertakings, assets, revenues or profits, in favor of the holders of any Relevant Debt, 
without securing the Notes pari passu therewith. 
 
The provisions of this Condition shall however not apply to the security interest (zakelijke zekerheid/sûreté réelle) or liens 
granted to any holder of Relevant Debt in accordance with mandatory legal provisions. 
 
6. 
Interest 
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, whether a different interest basis applies. Notes cannot be Floating Rate Notes unless "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" are specified as applicable.  
 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of the fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.1 for full information on the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  
 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any Fixed Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes and multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction. 
 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 6.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of the floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which 
falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) except in the case of the Maturity Date, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (B) in the case of the Maturity Date, such 
date shall not be amended.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this subparagraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
(B) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (A)(1) applies and no such 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at 
the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of 
the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent or Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(C) 
If paragraph (B) above applies and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
Where the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period is negative (whether by operation of a negative 
Margin or otherwise) then such Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In these Conditions, “Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. The Minimum Rate of Interest shall at all times be deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for any Interest Period. Such Interest Amount shall be equal to 
the product of the Rate of Interest, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes, and the Day Count

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Fraction for such Interest Period. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, 
the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is 
required to be calculated. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices). 
6.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
 
This Condition 6.3 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above, if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine, 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.3(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.3(d)). In making such determination, Independent 
Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert . In the absence of bad faith or wilful misconduct, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Noteholders, the Agent or the Calculation Agent for any determination it makes 
pursuant to this Condition 6.3. No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Notes (acting in 
such capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6.3(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that immediately preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6.3(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the Applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 6.3); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and the 
Applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 6.3). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or the formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6.3 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and, in each case, the application of the Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and subject to the Issuer giving notice thereof 
to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with paragraph (e) below), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Agent or the Calculation Agent of a certificate validly 
signed by authorised signatory(ies) of the Issuer pursuant to this paragraph (d) below, the Agent or Calculation 
Agent shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with such determination by the Independent Adviser (following consultation 
with the Issuer) in using its reasonable endeavours in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement) and the Agent or 
Calculation Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Agent or 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged so to concur if, in the opinion of the Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions 
and/or any documents to which it is a party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental agency 
agreement) in any way.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.3, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not 
obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as 
contemplated under this Condition 6.3 to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this paragraph (d), the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 6.3 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent or the Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent or 
the Calculation Agent a certificate validly signed by authorised signatory(ies) of the Issuer: 
(iii) 
confirming (I) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (II) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, 
the Alternative Rate, (III) any Adjustment Spread and (IV) the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.3; and 
(iv) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the application of the Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent or Calculation Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the ability of the Agent or Calculation Agent to 
rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.3, if following the determination of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination 
or calculation under this Condition 6.3, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its 
own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it 
shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation 
or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.3 (a), (b), (c) and (d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6.3:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines 
in accordance with Condition 6.3(b) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.3(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally 
or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no 
longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or   
(F) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to determine any Rate of 
Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (B) and (C) 
above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (E) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the Agent, 
and the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Agent nor the Calculation Agent shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with experience in the international capital markets appointed by the Issuer at its own expense 
and notified in writing to the Agent or the Calculation Agent; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) 
thereof) in respect of the Notes or (if applicable) any other Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or any 
component part(s) thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this 
Condition 6.3; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6.4 
Accrual of interest 
 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Agent, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices). 
 
6.5 
Notifications etc. by the Calculation Agent 
 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent and the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
9 (Payments). 
 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: If both the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together 
with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if a Tax Event has occurred provided, however, 
that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
 
(i) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be specified in the 
relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on (i) which the Issuer would be obliged to (in the case of a 
Tax Gross-up Event) pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or 
(ii) (in the case of a Tax Deductibility Event) which such interest payment would not be deductible, in 
each case if such payment on the Notes was then due; or 
 
(ii) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately 
prior to the earliest date on (i) which the Issuer would be obliged to (in the case of a Tax Gross-up Event) 
pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (ii) (in the case of a 
Tax Deductibility Event) which such interest payment would not be deductible, in each case if such 
payment on the Notes was then due. 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
(A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment or any payment 
on account of interest would cease to be deductible. For the avoidance of doubt, such opinion shall not address 
whether the relevant obligations can be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. Upon the 
expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 7(b). 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If both the Call Option and the Prohibition of Sale to Consumers 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 
any, on the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. This notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
together with the accrued interest (if any) to such date). Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of 
a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders  
 
(i) 
General Put Option  
 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in respect of any Notes, the Issuer

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
shall, at the option of any Noteholder redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 7(d), the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days or such other Notice Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant final terms), (i) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent a certificate issued by the relevant 
recognised account holder (as referred to in article 7:35 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) 
certifying that the relevant Note is held to its order or under its control and blocked by it or transfer the relevant 
Note to the Agent, and (ii) complete, sign and deliver a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable 
from the Agent with the bank or other financial intermediary through which it holds the Notes for further delivery 
to the Issuer and the Agent. No Note in respect of which a duly completed Put Option Notice was delivered in 
accordance with this Condition 7(d) (i), may be transferred; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Agent shall 
notify the depositing Noteholder thereof at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant 
Put Option Notice and upon request transfer such Note back to such Noteholder. For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by the Agent in accordance with this Condition 7(d), the person exercising the option in respect of 
such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the Noteholder Note for all purposes.  
 
(ii) 
Change of Control Put Option  
 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and in the event that a 
Change of Control occurs, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Noteholder, redeem such Note on the Change of 
Control Put Settlement Date specified in the relevant Change of Control Put Option Notice at the relevant Change 
of Control Put Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest but excluding the date fixed for redemption.  
 
If a Change of Control occurs, the Issuer shall, promptly upon, and in any event within five business days of, the 
occurrence of the Change of Control, give a Change of Control Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with these 
Conditions specifying (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, information on the nature of the Change of Control, (ii) the Change of Control Put Option Period, (iii) the 
Change of Control Put Settlement Date, and (iv) the Change of Control Put Redemption Amount. 
 
To exercise its Change of Control Put Option, the relevant Noteholder must, at any time during the Change of 
Control Put Option Period or during such other Notice Period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent a certificate issued by the relevant recognised account holder (as 
referred to in article 7:35 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) certifying that the relevant Note is 
held to its order or under its control and blocked by it or transfer the relevant Note to the Agent, and (ii) complete, 
sign and deliver a duly completed Change of Control Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Agent 
with the bank or other financial intermediary through which it holds the Notes for further delivery to the Issuer 
and the Agent. 
 
The Issuer will not be liable for any action, inaction or late action of the financial intermediary or the Agent and 
any fees charged by the financial intermediary and/or the Agent in relation to the deposit of the Change of Control 
Put Option Notices or the transfer of the relevant Notes will be borne by the relevant Noteholder. 
 
The Agent shall not be required to monitor or take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control or any event 
which could lead to a Change of Control has occurred or may occur and will not be responsible or liable to 
Noteholders or any other person for any loss arising from any failure by it to do so. 
 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice, once delivered, shall be irrevocable and the Issuer shall redeem all Notes

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
which are the subject of Change of Control Put Option Notices delivered as aforesaid on the Change of Control 
Put Settlement Date. By delivering a Change of Control Put Option Notice, the Noteholder shall undertake to hold 
the relevant Note(s) up to the date of effective redemption of the Notes.  
 
Payment in respect of any such Note shall be made by transfer to a Euro account maintained with a bank in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 as specified by the relevant Noteholder in the relevant change of 
Control Put Option Notice. 
 
If, as a result of this Condition (Change of Control Put Option), Noteholders submit Change of Control Put Option 
Notices in respect of at least 85 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of a Series of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding and if the Change of Control Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, within 15 Business Days of the end of the Change 
of Control Put Option Period, by giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with these Conditions (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding with the relevant Series at the Change 
of Control Put Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption. Payment in respect of any such Note shall be made as specified in this Condition (Change of Control 
Put Option). 
 
In these Conditions: 
a "Change of Control" means the acquisition of the Control of the Issuer, by one or more persons Acting in 
Concert, other than the Exempt Persons. For the avoidance of doubts, (i) any increase or decrease by one or more 
Exempt Persons of their holding in the capital of the Issuer, and (ii) the fact that third-parties are Acting in Concert 
with one or more Exempt Persons without having alone Control of the Issuer, shall not be deemed as a Change of 
Control. Whereby: 
 
Control means the holding, directly or indirectly, of (i) 30 % or more of the issued ordinary share capital 
with voting right of the Issuer or (ii) 50 % or more of the voting rights;  
 
Acting in Concert means an active cooperation between a group of persons, pursuant to an agreement 
or understanding, with respect to their holding of shares in the Issuer; 
 
Exempt Persons means any of the following persons: (i) ForAtenoR SA, (ii) Alva SA, (ii) 3D NV, (iv) 
Stéphan Sonneville SA and (v) Luxempart S.A., together with any of their affiliates (within the meaning 
of Article 1:20 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code), either by itself or acting together with 
any person with whom such Exempt Person is Acting in Concert. 
 
In accordance with Article 7:151 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the Issuer shall use all 
reasonable endeavors to obtain approval from its shareholders at the occasion of the next general meeting and in 
any case by 22 May 2022, on the matters subject to the Shareholder Approval Requirement (the "Change of 
Control Resolutions"), and if approved, to file the relevant resolutions of the general shareholders' meeting of 
the Issuer immediately with the Clerk of the relevant Business Court (greffe du tribunal de l'entreprise/griffie van 
de ondernemingsrechtbank). 
 
If the Change of Control Resolutions have not been taken by 22 May 2022 and filed with the Clerk of the 
Commercial Court of Brabant-Wallon (greffe du tribunal de l'entreprise/griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank), 
the Rate of Interest for Notes having their Agreement Date before [22 May] 2022 will be increased with 50 bps 
with effect as from the Interest Period starting after 22 May 2022.  
 
Noteholders should note that the exercise by any of them of the option set out in this Condition will only be effective 
under Belgian law if, prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, (i) the Change of Control Resolutions 
have been approved by the shareholders of the Issuer in a general meeting and (ii) such Change of Control 
Resolutions have been filed with the Clerk of the Business Court of Brabant-Wallon (greffe du tribunal de

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
l'entreprise/griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank). The Issuer has undertaken pursuant to this Condition to use 
all reasonable endeavours to procure that the Change of Control Resolutions be passed at the latest at the next 
annual general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer and to file a copy of the resolutions immediately thereafter 
with the Clerk of the Commercial Court of Brabant-Wallon (greffe du tribunal de l'entreprise/griffie van de 
ondernemingsrechtbank). If a Change of Control occurs prior to the approval and filing of the Change of Control 
Resolutions, holders will not be entitled to exercise the option set out in this Condition. There can be no assurance 
that such approval will be granted at such meeting. 
 
(e) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in paragraphs 
(a) to (d) above. 
 
(f) 
Purchase: Subject to the requirements (if any) of any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes will be admitted 
to trading at such time and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Voting rights 
attached to the Notes held by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries cannot be exercised at a meeting of Noteholders. 
 
(g) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed will be cancelled and may not be re-issued or resold. Notes purchased 
by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held or resold at the option of the Issuer or relevant Subsidiary, or 
cancelled. 
 
8. 
Payments 
 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments of principal and interest in respect of any Note of which the Specified Currency 
is euro shall be made through the Agent and the NBB Securities Settlement System in accordance with the NBB 
Securities Settlement System Regulations. The payment obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
made by it to the NBB in respect of each amount so paid. Payments of principal and interest in respect of any Note 
of which the Specified Currency of which is a currency other than euro shall be made in accordance with the NBB 
Securities Settlement System Regulations through Euroclear, Clearstream and the other participants in the NBB 
Securities Settlement System recorded in the NBB Securities Settlement System as holding interests in the Notes, 
and any payment so made will constitute good discharge for the Issuer. 
 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payments and the Issuer will not be liable for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or directives, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders by 
the Issuer or the Agent in respect of such payments. 
 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Business 
Day and no Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day and shall not be entitled 
to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. For the purpose of calculating the interest 
amount payable under the Notes, and if no Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final terms, the 
Interest Payment Date shall not be adjusted. 
 
9. 
Taxation 
 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Kingdom of Belgium 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or further amounts in respect of such deduction or 
withholding. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if both the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
 
(A) Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection with 
the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note; or 
 
(B) Payment to individuals: where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual 
and is required to be made; or  
 
(C) Non-Eligible Investor: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, who at the time of issue of the 
Notes, was not an eligible investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 
1994 on the deduction of withholding tax or to a Noteholder, or to a third party on behalf of such Noteholder, 
who was such an eligible investor at the time of issue of the Notes but, for reasons within the Noteholder's 
control, either ceased to be an eligible investor or, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, 
otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law 
of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions in certain securities; or 
 
(D) Conversion into registered securities: to a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties or assessments 
or governmental charges because the Notes were upon its request converted into registered Notes and could 
no longer be cleared through the NBB Securities Settlement System. 
 
(E) Lawful avoidance of withholding: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who could lawfully 
avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a declaration 
of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note 
is presented for payment. 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof 
or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). Neither the Issuer 
nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer 
reserves the right to request a Noteholder to provide the Agent with such certification or information as may be 
required to enable the Issuer to comply with the requirements imposed by any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives in any jurisdiction. 
 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than Belgium, 
references in these Conditions to Belgium shall be construed as references to Belgium and/or such other 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
10. 
Undertakings 
 
The Issuer undertakes to: 
(i.) 
submit the Resolutions with respect to the Change of Control for approval to the shareholders of the Issuer at 
the next annual general meeting to be held on 22 May 2022;  
(ii.) 
to post on its public website as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 150 days after the 
end of each of its financial years, the audited financial statements and its audited standalone financial 
statements for that financial year; and 
(iii.) 
immediately inform the Noteholders if the Issuer does not comply with its undertakings related to the Notes 
or in case of the occurrence of an Event of Default (and the actions undertaken as the case may be to remedy 
it). 
 
11. 
Events of Default  
 
If any of the following events occurs (each, an “Event of Default”): 
 
(a) Non-payment: default by the Issuer in the payment of principal or interest in respect of any Note, provided such default 
shall have continued for a period of 5 Business Days after the date on which such sum was due; 
 
(b) Breach of other obligations: default by the Issuer in the due performance or observance of its obligations (including 
any undertaking) in relation to the Notes (other than those in relation to the payment of the Notes), if such default is 
not remedied within 15 Business Days after receipt by the Issuer of notice by a Noteholder requiring the default to be 
remedied; 
 
(c) Unlawfulness: it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under the Notes as a consequence 
of a legal or regulatory change or of a judicial decision affecting the Issuer; 
 
(d) Cross default: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due or, as the case may be, within any 
applicable grace period, any indebtedness, other than Notes then outstanding, for an aggregate amount of EUR 
20,000,000 or more; 
 
(e) Change of Business and reorganisation: a reorganisation by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries resulting in 
a material decrease of the assets of the Issuer or in a material change in the Group's activities taken as a whole 
(composed of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries) and which would prejudice the interests of the Noteholders, if such default 
is not remedied within a three months period by the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary; 
 
(f) Bankruptcy / Winding-up: (i) the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is in cessation of payment; or (ii) proceedings are 
implemented in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of (a) the appointment of a liquidator, 
bankruptcy trustee, receiver or similar officer, or (b) liquidation or voluntary or judicial dissolution, voluntary or 
judicial moratorium, judicial reorganisation (réorganisation judiciaire/gerechterlijke reorganisatie) or winding-up 
(faillite/faillissement) or (iii) any similar procedure affecting the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary;  
 
(g) Suspension or delisting of the Notes: in case the Notes were initially listed on Euronext Brussels or another stock 
market, the circumstance that the Notes are delisted or suspended from such stock market for fifteen (15) consecutive 
Business Days following a default by the Issuer, unless the Issuer obtains an effective listing of the Notes on another 
equivalent stock market in the European Economic Area no later than at the end of such period; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(h)  Suspension or delisting of the shares of the Issuer: the ordinary shares of the Issuer are (i) delisted from the regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels or any other equivalent market or (ii) suspended from the regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels or from any other equivalent market for five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of a breach proven by 
the Issuer.  
 
then, in each and every such case, any Noteholder may give written notice to both the Issuer and the Agent (such notice 
being sent in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) that such Note is immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment 
without further action or formality. 
 
12. 
Prescription 
 
Claims for principal or interest shall become void ten or five years, respectively, after the appropriate Relevant Date, unless 
legal action for payment is initiated by then. 
 
13. 
Agents 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Noteholders. 
 
The Calculation Agent (if any) in respect of any Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms of such Series. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint a successor Agent or Calculation Agent and/or additional agents; provided, however, that: 
 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain an Agent that is a participant of the NBB Securities Settlement System; 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is required pursuant to the Conditions applicable to a Series, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent for as long as such Series remains outstanding; and 
 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a paying agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain an Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
 
Notice of any change in the Agent or the Calculation Agent or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
 
a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions of Article 7:162 et seq. of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code with respect to Noteholders meetings, except if otherwise provided herein. Subject to the quorum 
and majority requirements set out in Article 7:170 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the meeting of 
Noteholders shall be entitled to amend the Conditions (including the Final Terms) and to exercise the powers set out in 
Article 7:162 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (including any proposal to change any date fixed for 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in 
respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payment). For the avoidance of doubt, any such modification of these Conditions shall be subject to the consent

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
of the Issuer.  
 
Any such modification of these Conditions shall be deemed approved by a resolution at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and by a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast, by means of written or electronic resolution (an "Extraordinary 
Resolution"). 
 
Any resolution duly passed in accordance with the provisions of Article 7:162 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code with respect to Noteholders meetings at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether present or not.  
 
Each Note carries one voting right. 
 
Voting rights attached to the Notes held by the Issuer, its Subsidiaries or an Exempt Person cannot be exercised at a meeting 
of Noteholders. 
 
A meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the board of directors or the auditor. In addition, a meeting of Noteholders 
shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 10% in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be made in accordance with 
Article 7:165 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, which currently requires an announcement to be published 
not less than thirty (30) days prior to the meeting in the Belgian Official Gazette (Moniteur Belge / Belgisch Staatsblad) 
and in a newspaper of national distribution in Belgium. Convening notices shall also be made in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices). In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were a resolution duly passed in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 7:162 et seq. of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code with respect to Noteholders meetings.  
 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of any meeting of Noteholders, any Notes that are held, at the 
relevant time, by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its affiliates shall not be considered as outstanding.  
 
b) 
Modification 
 
The Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification of, any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement, the 
Notes or the Conditions, either (i) if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the relevant Noteholders or (ii) which in the Agent’s opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (iii) which is 
made to correct a manifest error or (iv) to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
 
15. 
Further Issues 
 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes having the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest and the issue 
price) on them and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes of 
any tranche (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in 
these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other Notes issued pursuant to this 
Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
 
16. 
Notices 
 
Without prejudice and in addition to the applicable provisions of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, notices to 
the Noteholders shall be valid (i) if published on the website of the Issuer (currently www.atenor.eu) and (ii) delivered to

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
the National Bank of Belgium for communication to the Noteholders via participants to the NBB Securities Settlement 
System. The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with its article of 
association, the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed for the time being and any 
applicable laws. Bondholders will be deemed to have been notified as soon as the Issuer has provided them with notice in 
accordance with one of the means set out above. The Issuer shall bear all fees, costs and expenses in relation to the drafting, 
delivery and publication of such notices. 
 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be 
converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against 
the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or 
made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Agent, against any loss suffered as a 
result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary 
course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action. 
 
18. 
Rounding 
 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up) and, (c) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 
(a) 
Governing law 
 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
 
(b) 
Belgian courts 
 
(i) 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non- contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes).  
 
(ii) 
If the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
paragraph (i) is without prejudice to the jurisdiction of any courts pursuant to Article 624, 1°, 2° and 4° 
of the Belgian Judicial Code.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
9. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY), OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme 
which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, the Issuer has not 
prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act (2000) and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any consumer (consument/consommateur) within 
the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as 
amended.]3 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
                                                          
2  Delete if not applicable. 
3  Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 4  
 
 
[Date] 
Atenor SA/NV 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): [●] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 200,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 7(vii) of Part B below, provided such person 
is a Dealer, Manager or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined below)) 
and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant 
to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(i) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] or to 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other 
circumstances. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. However, a summary prepared in accordance with Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation is annexed to 
these 
Final Terms. The 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-communication/emtn/) 
and 
of 
the 
FSMA 
(https://www.fsma.be/en/prospectus-ems ). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
Atenor SA/NV 
                                                          
4  Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
2 
(a) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [[insert date] /the Issue Date]. 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
(a) Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(The minimum Specified Denomination shall be at least €1,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes may have multiple 
Specified Denominations, provided that the larger Specified 
Denominations are integral multiples of the smaller Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common factor in 
the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7 
(a) Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. fixed rate] 
[[[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/- [●] per cent. floating rate] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14] below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option]  
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Change of Control Call Option] 
[Tax Call Option] 
 
[(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[19]/[Error! Reference source not 
found.] below)] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
12 
(a) Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b)  Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
(b) Interest Periods to which Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
are 
applicable: 
[All] / [Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions shall apply for the following Interest Periods: From and 
including [the Interest Commencement Date] to but excluding [    ][, 
from and including [    ] to but excluding [    ]…. and from and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]] / [Notes are Floating to Fixed 
Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the 
following Interest Periods: From and including [   ] to but excluding 
[   ][, from and including [] to but excluding [   ]…. and from and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]].  
(delete as appropriate) 
(c) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(d) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(e) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon, 
N.B. relevant only where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
14 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) Specified Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (e) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (e) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(b) Interest Periods to which Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
are 
applicable: 
[All] / [Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and Floating Rate 
Note Provisions shall apply for the following Interest Periods: From 
and including [the Interest Commencement Date] to but excluding 
[    ][, from and including [    ] to but excluding [    ]…. and from 
and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]] / [Notes are Floating to 
Fixed Rate Notes, and Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply 
for the following Interest Periods: From and including [   ] to but 
excluding [   ][, from and including [] to but excluding [   ]…. and 
from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]].  
(delete as appropriate) 
(c) Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (d) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (d) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(d) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(e) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(g) Interest Business Day Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
(h) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Agent]/[[●]] 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of 
each Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR and the second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is 
a page which shows a composite rate)  
(k) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
2014

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
(l) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)]  
(m) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(n) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(o) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(p) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph. The Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to 
be applicable.) 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
(c) If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) Notice period: 
[Minimum [30] days and maximum [60] days] 
16 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
(c) Notice period: 
[Minimum [30] days and maximum [60] days] 
17 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph of this 
paragraph.) 
(a) Change 
of 
Control 
Put 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) Notice period: 
[Minimum [30] days and maximum [60] days] 
18 
Change of Control Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
19 
Tax Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to be applicable if 
the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to be 
applicable.) 
Occurrence 
[At any time]/[On an Interest Payment Date] 
20 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
21 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised form 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]] 
 
Signed on behalf of Atenor SA/NV: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels/specify] with 
effect from [●].] 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
2 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests).] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
3 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/give 
details] 
 
(in case proceeds are to be allocated to any Eligible 
Green Projects, specify these criteria herein.) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
 
(Include breakdown of expenses into each principal 
intended use and present in order of priority of such 
uses.)  
 
 
4 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]/[Not Applicable] 
5 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
[Details of performance of [LIBOR/EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].]/[Not 
Applicable] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(v) Any settlement system(s) other than the NBB 
Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(viii) [Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [[specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply 
such that [administrator legal name] is not required to 
be included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority].]] 
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names and addresses of Managers and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material features): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v) U.S. Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA D/ TEFRA 
C/ TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete subparagraphs (vii) to and 
including (xiii) and also paragraph 8 below)  
(vii) Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (where the Base 
Prospectus lists the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, 
select from that list), which must therefore be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
(viii) Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] [specify possibility 
of early closure] 
(ix) Maximum Amount: 
[(i) Series:  
EUR [ ] /  Not Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
[(ii) Tranche: EUR [ ] /  Not Applicable] 
(x) Minimum Amount: 
[(i) Series:  
EUR [ ] /  Not Applicable] 
[(ii) Tranche: EUR [ ] /  Not Applicable] 
(xi) Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
(xii) General Consent:  
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(xiii) Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable.) 
(xiv) [Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(xv) Prohibition of Sales to Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) Other selling restrictions: 
[●] 
(xvii) X-only Issuance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
8 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph (vi) above is specified to be Not Applicable because there is no Non-
exempt Offer) 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/specify] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iii) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iv) 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v) 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(x) 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(xi) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or the PRIIPs 
Regulation such that it is required to disclose 
information relating to costs and charges, also 
include that information to the extent known) 
(xii) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known 
to the Issuer, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place. 
[None/give details]. 
(xiii) [Name and address of the entities which have 
a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description of the main 
terms of their commitment: 
[None/give details]] 
(Include details where Notes are being admitted to 
trading on a regulated market)

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY 
[         ]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER CURRENCY) 
OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and 
Markets Act (2000) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any consumer 
(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch 
recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.]6 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
                                                          
 
6  Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 7  
 
 
                                                          
7  Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
[Date] 
Atenor SA/NV 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 549300ZIL1V7D7F3YH40 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 200,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated [●] 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the issue of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the websites of the Issuer (https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-communication/emtn/) and of the 
FSMA (https://www.fsma.be/en/prospectus-ems).   
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final 
Terms.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
Atenor SA/NV 
2 
(a)     Series Number: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(c) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[[insert date] /the Issue Date]. 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
(a) Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(The minimum Specified Denomination shall be at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The 
Notes may have multiple Specified Denominations, 
provided that the larger Specified Denominations are 
integral multiples of the smaller Specified 
Denominations.) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
7 
(a) Issue Date: 
[●] 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
 
 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. fixed rate] 
[[[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/- [●] per cent. 
floating rate] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14] below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount 
 
 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
 
[Put Option] 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
[Change of Control Call Option] 
 
[Tax Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[Error! 
Reference source not found.] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12 
(a) Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 
 
obtained: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Periods to which Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable: 
[All] / [Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following 
Interest Periods: From and including [the Interest 
Commencement Date] to but excluding [    ][, from and 
including [    ] to but excluding [    ]…. and from and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]] / [Notes are Floating 
to Fixed Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
shall apply for the following Interest Periods: From and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ][, from and including 
[] to but excluding [   ]…. and from and including [   ] to 
but excluding [   ]].  
(c) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(d) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(e) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon, N.B. relevant only where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s): 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (e) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (e) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Interest Periods to which Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable: 
[All] / [Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and 
Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply for the following 
Interest Periods: From and including [the Interest 
Commencement Date] to but excluding [    ][, from and 
including [    ] to but excluding [    ]…. and from and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]] / [Notes are Floating to 
Fixed Rate Notes, and Floating Rate Note Provisions shall 
apply for the following Interest Periods: From and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ][, from and including [] 
to but excluding [   ]…. and from and including [   ] to but 
excluding [   ]].  
(delete as appropriate) 
(c) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (d) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(d) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(e) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(g) Interest Business Day Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
(h) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s): 
[Agent]/[ [●]] 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Non applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR and the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate)  
(k) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Non applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
2014 
(l) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
(m) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(n) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(o) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(p) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph. The Call Option should only be specified 
to be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
is specified to be applicable.) 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount] 
(c) If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) Notice period: 
[Minimum [30] days and maximum [60] days] 
16 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount] 
(c) Notice period: 
[Minimum [30] days and maximum [60] days] 
17 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph of 
this paragraph.) 
(a) Change of Control Put Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(b) Notice period: 
[Minimum [30] days and maximum [60] days] 
18 
Change of Control Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19 
Tax Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.) 
Occurence 
[At any time]/[On an Interest Payment Date] 
20 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
21 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early redemption: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised form 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]] 
 
Signed on behalf of Atenor SA/NV: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels/specify] with 
effect from [●].] 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Notes has an interest material to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
3 
REASONS FOR THE ISSUE AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
 
Reasons for the issue: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/give 
details] 
 
 (in case proceeds are to be allocated to any Eligible 
Green Projects, specify the criteria herein) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
4 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]/[Not Applicable] 
5 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(v) Any settlement system(s) other than the NBB 
Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(viii) [Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [[specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply such that 
[administrator legal name] is not required to be included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority].]] 
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
6 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA D/ TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) Other selling restrictions: 
[●] 
(viii)  X-only Issuance  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
10. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
 
10.1 
General information 
 
(i.) Legal / commercial name 
ATENOR 
(ii.) Legal form 
Limited liability company (société anonyme/naamloze vennootschap) 
incorporated under Belgian law 
(iii.) Date and country of 
incorporation  
15.09.1950, Republic of Congo 
(iv.) Statutory seat 
Avenue Reine Astrid 92 – B-1310 La Hulpe 
Telephone number: 02 387 22 99 
Website: www.atenor.eu  
The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
the Base Prospectus. 
(v.) Registration number, place 
of registration 
BE 0403 209 303  
RPM/RLE Walloon-Brabant province 
(vi.) Company’s purpose 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer is set forth in article 3 of its articles 
of association, pursuant to which the Issuer has as purpose, both in 
Belgium and abroad, for its own account or for the account of third-
parties to: 
 
acquire interests in any form whatsoever, in any business, 
company, association, establishment existing or to be created, 
 
property development and real estate project development, 
including the marketing of these projects, 
 
the purchase, sale, cession or exchange of any securities, shares, 
bonds,  
 
project management and consultancy in the broadest sense, 
 
the conduct of any and all moveable, immoveable, financial or 
industrial, commercial or civil operations of such nature as to 
promote its development. 
The Issuer may conduct all studies in favour of third-parties, including 
of businesses, companies, associations, establishments in which it 
holds, directly or indirectly, interests, provide technical, administrative 
and financial assistance, grant any loans, advances and guarantees and 
conduct all financial transactions. 
It may also acquire, manage, rent and sell all moveable and 
immoveable assets. 
The Issuer may accept any office as director or manager. 
The Issuer may carry out its object, directly or indirectly, on its own or 
in association, by conducting any and all operations of such nature as 
to promote its object or the object of the businesses, companies, 
associations, establishments in which it holds interests.  
(vii.) Capital or equivalent 
€ 72,038,228.59

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
viii.) List of main shareholders 
3D NV 
FORATENOR SA 
LUXEMPART SA 
ALVA SA 
Stéphan SONNEVILLE SA  
(ix.) Listing of the shares of the 
Issuer 
EURONEXT Brussels - ISIN BE 0003837540 
(x.) Listing of the bonds of the 
Issuer 
 
 
Bond 2016-2022 - Euronext Growth Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002263326 
 
Bond 2016-2023 - Euronext Growth Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002262310 
 
Bond 2016-2024 - Euronext Growth Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002264332 
 
Bond 2018-2022 - Euronext Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002587658 
Bond 2018-2024 - Euronext Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002588664 
Bond 2019-2023 - Euronext Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002647288 
Bond 2019-2025 - Euronext Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002648294 
Bond 2020-2024 - Euronext Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002739192 
Bond 2020-2026 - Euronext Brussels  
ISIN code: BE0002737188 
Bond 2021-2025 - Euronext Brussels 
ISIN code: BE0002776574 
Bond 2021-2027 - Euronext Brussels 
ISIN code : BE0002775568 
 
(xi.) Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
549300ZIL1V7D7F3YH40 
(xii.) Accounting method 
IFRS -cfr. 2020 Financial Annual Report (p. 107-112) 
xiii.) Accounting year 
January – December 
(xiv.) Fiscal year 
January – December 
(xv.) Rating of the Issuer 
None 
 
 
10.2 
History and development 
 
The Issuer is succeeding to the activities of Cominière, a company founded in 1910. In 1970, the British holding company 
Lonhro PLC took a majority stake in Cominière which was then renamed into Lonhro Continental. In 1991, the 
management undertook a strong reorganization plan and restructured the group. In July 1997, a group of Belgian investors 
acquired the participation of Lonrho Plc and committed for a period of five years through a shareholders agreement to a 
long-term vision regarding their participation. This agreement was extended in 2002 for a period of five years and was

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
amended in September 2005. 
 
In November 2006, the Luxembourg investment company LUXEMPART SA. acquired, in an over-the-counter transaction, 
10.09% of the capital of the Issuer from the shareholders ALVA, 3D, SOFINIM and DEGROOF. On this occasion, a new 
shareholders’ agreement totaling 47.43% of the capital was concluded for a period of 5 years between: ALVA, 3D, 
SOFINIM (Ackermans & van Haaren Group), Stéphan SONNEVILLE SA and LUXEMPART. This shareholders' 
agreement was updated and extended for the last time on 30 November 2016 for a 5-year period tacitly renewable for two 
successive 5-year periods. In March 2018, the company SOFINIM SA sold its shares to ForAtenoR SA, whose shareholding 
is now composed by the groups 3D NV and Stéphan Sonneville SA as well as the members of the Issuer's Executive 
Committee. ForAtenoR SA has ratified the shareholders’agreement. 
 
After the capital increase which was completed on 30 June 2020, the shareholders’ agreement now accounts for 32.79% of 
the Issuer’s share capital. 
 
This shareholders’ agreement expresses the common vision of the reference shareholders as to the strategy of the Issuer 
and its governance and organizes their concerted action in this direction; this shareholders’ agreement also sets up reciprocal 
preemption rights in the event of a transfer of shares. 
In accordance with article 74 of the law of 1 April 2007 relating to takeover bids, the reference shareholders have notified 
the Financial Services and Markets Authority ("FSMA") and the company of the holding, in concert between them, of 
more than 30% of the capital of the company. The Issuer is unaware of any other relationship or private agreement between 
the shareholders.  
 
On 31 December 2021, the Issuer's free float amounted to 47%.  
 
 
10.3 
Strategy 
 
The Issuer is an international sustainable urban developer. 
For more than 25 years, the Issuer has delivered results consistently, acquired expertise and demonstrated resilience 
recognised by the markets in which the company operates. 
 
Acting for cities from every angle 
The digital revolution, the environmental crisis and the problematic of mobility are driving and demand a profound change 
in the way we live and work. The current global health crisis also comes in addition to these challenges. There is an

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
interaction between these changes and how cities are developed and how buildings are designed and function, which 
sometimes cements existing trends, and sometimes triggers new ones. The Issuer’s strategy in this context is very specific: 
as a real estate developer, the Issuer is a leading player that detects, analyses and anticipates these changes and, through 
the development of innovative projects, contributes to the adaptation of the urban fabric to meet the new requirements and 
aspirations of personal and work life. The Issuer is a pioneer in detecting and anticipating architectural, technological and 
societal changes. The ArchiLab unit was also created for this purpose. Through its projects, the Issuer is part of the actors 
bringing about the evolution of “smart cities” that are not only sustainable and connected, but efficient and pleasant to live 
in. The Issuer also cares about its social impact not only at level of the projects that promote the well-being and safety of 
the occupants of its properties, but also at the level of the city, of the outside world and of its employees. 
 
Respect for the environment and sustainable development 
In response to the growing concerns about respecting the environment and particularly aware of the importance of 
sustainable development, the Issuer promotes the application of new technologies and the use of specific materials in its 
new real estate projects. The Issuer also advocates a global sustainable approach. Its dense and mixed projects near public 
transit stations present the most favourable ecological assessments at the city level. Sustainable cities are also more resilient, 
smarter, user-friendly and inclusive. The Issuer works to create cities built on the same human values that underpin the 
company’s approach to all its projects and its corporate culture. Therefore, in addition to its credo of “Acting for Cities”, 
the Issuer is also vocal about its social commitment: Acting for People. Beyond projects, this commitment is reflected in a 
series of strong corporate initiatives that will be detailed in the Sustainability Report. 
 
International diversification 
By affirming that its place of activity is the urban environment, the Issuer intends to promote its know-how in several cities 
to meet the needs they have in common, particularly the need to adapt their urban fabric to changes in personal and 
professional life. Moreover, through keeping a local presence where it invests, the Issuer ensures its resilience, in particular 
by integrating the political, economic and social parameters of each city. The major cities in which the Issuer currently 
operates are Brussels, The Hague, Luxembourg, Paris, Lisbon, Düsseldorf, Warsaw, Budapest, Bucharest and London.  
After geographical diversification, the Issuer began the second phase of its international development strategy: local 
consolidation, namely by expanding its activities where it was already present. 
 
Large-scale projects and diversity of functions 
In response to multiple developments in the real estate market, the Issuer is interested in office and housing markets that 
demonstrate a wide range of expertise. At the end of 2021, there were 32 projects in its portfolio. They represent a surface 
area of around 1,300,000 m². In the future, the Issuer intends to maintain these diversified allocations based on fundamental 
market developments. 
The Issuer is particularly interested in major urban development projects currently being carried out by cities and regions. 
To this end, the Issuer is pursuing its policy of constructive dialogue with local authorities and administrations and analyses 
from an investment perspective any opportunity that fits with these major development projects. 
The Issuer is a reliable economic partner for public authorities in the necessary adaptation of urban structures to economic, 
demographic and sociological developments. 
 
Investments 
From a financial point of view, the Issuer retains, as a selection criterion, the profitability of its investments based on an 
average performance objective of a 15% internal rate of return ("IRR") per project. The IRR is the annual rate that equates 
the originally invested capital with all flows, whether of income or capital, generated by it (the data used are internal and 
sensitive in nature, i.e. potential buyers and sellers, and thus it is not always possible to disclose data directly related to 
projects, namely acquisitions and sales). The expansion of the territory of the Issuer's activities should be seen as a 
broadening of the field of investment opportunities. 
 
In the course of 2020, the Issuer made new investments: its first project in the Netherlands, in The Hague, and a second

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(office) project in Germany, again in Düsseldorf.  
In 2021, the issuer continued its investments. In Budapest, the Issuer expanded its office project “Bakerstreet” and also 
acquired new plots for a new residential project called “Lake 11”. In Luxembourg, the Issuer acquired the site occupied by 
the Renault dealership located in the heart of the Cloche d’Or business district in order to develop a new project, mainly 
offices (34,000 m²). The Issuer also entered the London market by the acquisition of a long leasehold interest in Fleet 
House, a 7,000 m² redevelopment opportunity. 
In 2021, the Issuer also acquired a 6,500 m² building in Paris (France) located at Avenue Victor Hugo, in the heart of the 
“Central Business District (CBD)”, in the 16th arrondissement. The Issuer intends to redevelop this building to offer a newly 
restructured, certified office building of the highest quality, while retaining the character of the building.  
 
The portfolio developed by the Issuer went in 36 months from 18 to 32 projects and represents an area of around 
1,300,000 m². 
 
In economic terms, the Issuer's international strategy is to invest more in countries with higher economic growth than 
Belgium, its historical market. Indeed, economic growth remains one of the most obvious "key drivers" of the vitality of 
the real estate market. The Issuer expects its international growth plan to result in faster turnover of invested capital, thereby 
enabling it to pursue a dividend policy aimed at a distribution of profits (dividends) increasing by 3% to 5% per annum. 
 
10.4 
Overview of the portfolio 
 
The Issuer's portfolio currently consists of 32 projects representing a surface area of approximately 1,300,000 m². These 
projects, the vast majority of which are held through subsidiaries, are located in ten (10) countries. 
 
All acquisitions were made in accordance with the Issuer's strategy and in line with its criteria, particularly in terms of 
location and profitability. 
 
Special attention is expressly paid on a daily basis to the design and execution of project development, while ensuring that 
the projects form part of a clearly sustainable approach. 
 
With that in mind, the expression in the Issuer's accounts of the created value is focused on three stages: the obtaining of 
building permits, leasing and sales. 
 
The following table shows all projects in progress. Projects with an area indicating zero ("0") correspond to those whose 
construction has been completed (a delivered project).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Situation on 02/2022 - Projects in portfolio 
 
City 
Name of the project 
Participati
on 
Project in m² 
gp Atenor 
Offic
e 
Resid
entia
l 
Othe
rs 
Permit 
Yes (Y) 
No (N) 
In construction 
Yes (Y) 
No (N) 
Finished (F) 
In marketing 
process 
Yes (Y) 
No (N) 
Belgium  
1 Brussels 
Move'Hub 
50% 
26 000 O 
R 
* 
N 
N 
N 
2 
Brussels 
Brussels 
Brussels 
City Dox - Lots 1 & 2 
City Dox - Lot 3 
City Dox - Lot 4 (Home Invest) 
100% 
0 O 
R 
* 
Y 
F 
Y 
100% 
9 000 O 
 
* 
Y 
F 
Y 
100% 
0 
 
R 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Brussels 
Brussels 
Brussels 
Brussels 
City Dox - Lot 5  
City Dox - Lot 6  
City Dox - Lot 7.1 
City Dox - Lot 7.2 (school) 
100% 
21 000 
 
R 
* 
Y 
N 
N 
100% 
20 000 
 
R 
* 
N 
N 
N 
100% 
8 000 
 
R 
* 
Y 
N 
Y 
100% 
5 000 
 
 
* 
N 
N 
N 
3 Brussels 
Realex 
90% 
34 650 O 
 
* 
N 
N 
Y 
4 Brussels 
CCN 
50% 
79 250 O 
R 
* 
N 
N 
Y 
5 Brussels 
Beaulieu 
100% 
24 500 O 
 
 
N 
N 
N 
6 Deinze 
Deinze 
De Molens - Phase 1 
De Molens - Phase 2 
50% 
6 575 
 
R 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
50% 
9 500 
 
R 
* 
N 
N 
N 
7 
Mons 
Au Fil des Grands Prés - 
Phase 1 
100% 
0 
R 
* 
Y 
F 
Y 
Mons  
 
Mons 
 
Mons 
Au Fil des Grands Prés - 
Phase 2  
Au Fil des Grands Prés - 
Phase 2 
Au Fil des Grands Prés - 
Phase 2 
100% 
14 600 
O 
 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
100% 
10 000 
R 
 
Y 
N 
N 
100% 
22 500 
R 
 
N 
N 
N 
8 La Hulpe 
La Hulpe 
Les Berges de l'Argentine - 
Phase 1 
Les Berges de l'Argentine - 
Phase 2 
100% 
4 250 
O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
80% 
21 600 
R 
* 
N 
N 
N 
9 La Hulpe 
Nysdam 
100% 
15 600 
O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
332 025 
Netherlands 
10 The Hague 
The Stage 
50% 
28 000 
 
R 
* 
N 
N 
Y 
11 The Hague 
Verheeskade II 
50% 
67 500 
 
R 
* 
N 
N 
N 
95 500 
Luxembourg 
12 Belval 
Twist 
100% 
15 050 O 
R 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Leudelange 
Buzz 
100% 
- 
O 
 
 
Y 
Y 
Y 
13 Esch-sur-
Alzette 
Perspectiv' 
50% 
33 925 O 
R 
* 
N 
N 
Y 
14 Belval 
Square 42 
100% 
21 600 O 
 
* 
N 
N 
Y 
15 Luxembourg 
Cloche d'Or 
100% 
34 000 O 
 
* 
N 
N 
Y 
104 575 
France 
16 Bezons 
Com'Unity (BDS 1X) 
99% 
36 929 O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
17 Bezons 
U'man (BDS 2x) 
100% 
27 903 O 
 
* 
Y 
N 
Y 
18 Paris 
Victor Hugo 
100% 
6 439 O 
 
 
N 
N 
Y 
71 271 
Portugal 
19 Lisbon 
Wellbe 
100% 
29 100 O 
 
* 
N 
N 
N 
29 100 
 
Germany 
20 Düsseldorf 
Am Wehrhahn 
100% 
4 245 
 
R 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
21 Düsseldorf 
Heinrichstrasse 
100% 
14 000 O 
 
 
N 
N 
N 
18 245 
Poland 
22 Warsaw 
Lakeside 
100% 
26 508 O 
 
 
Y 
N 
Y 
23 Warsaw 
UBC 2 
100% 
19 000 O 
 
 
N 
N 
N 
24 Warsaw 
Fort 7 
100% 
250 000 O 
R 
* 
N 
N 
Y 
295 508

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
City 
Name of the project 
Parti
cipat
ion 
Project in 
m² gp 
Atenor 
Offic
e 
Resi
dent
ial 
Othe
rs 
Permit 
Yes (Y) 
No (N) 
In construction 
Yes (Y) 
No (N) 
Finished (F) 
In marketing 
process 
Yes (Y) 
No (N) 
Hungary 
Budapest 
Vaci Greens E 
100% 
O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
Budapest 
Vaci Greens F 
100% 
O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
25 Budapest 
Arena Business Center 
100% 
80 400 O 
 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
26 Budapest 
Roseville 
100% 
16 200 O 
 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
27 Budapest 
Bakerstreet I 
100% 
18 650 O 
 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
28 Budapest 
Bakerstreet II 
100% 
24 500 O 
 
 
N 
N 
N 
29 Budapest 
Lake 11 
100% 
111 285 
 
R 
 
Y 
N 
Y 
251 035 
 
Romania 
Bucharest 
Bucharest 
Bucharest 
Hermes Business Campus 1 
Hermes Business 
Campus 2 Hermes 
Business Campus 3 
100% 
0 O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
100% 
0 O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
100% 
0 O 
 
 
Y 
F 
Y 
Bucharest 
Dacia 
100% 
0 O 
 
* 
Y 
F 
Y 
30 Bucharest 
@Expo 
100% 
54 720 O 
 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
31 Bucharest 
UP-site Bucharest 
100% 
31 250 
 
R 
* 
Y 
Y 
Y 
85 970 
 
Great Britain 
32 London 
Fleet House 
100% 
7 000 O 
 
* 
N 
N 
N 
7 000 
TOTAL 
1 290 229 
 
15, 18, 28, 29 and 32: new projects in 2021 
Sold projects

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Situation per project 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
REALEX
0%
0%
0%
2024 *
2027 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Project
Accounting method for income recognition
Handover / delivery date
Start date of the works
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
Phase 1 - LOT 2 
(flats service / 
residential **)
 Phase 1 - LOT 2
(résidential)
Phase 2 - LOT 3
(mixed use)
 Phase 2 - LOTS 
4 to 7 (mixed use)
100%
100%
90%
0%
100%
97%
100%
0%
100%
96%
91%
0%
Q2 2016
Q3 2016
Q4 2019
2022 ***
Q2 2018
Q4 2018
Q1 2022
2024-2025 ***
At property 
ownership transfer *
At property 
ownership transfer * In state of progress * In state of progress *
*
In state of progress for projects under construction, at property ownership transfer when they are delivered
**
Reconversion of remaining units into apartments under process
*** Estimate
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
Accounting method for income recognition
CITY DOX
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
Move'Hub
0%
0%
0%
2024 *
2026 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
CCN
0%
0%
0%
2024 *
2027 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
BEAULIEU
0%
0%
0%
2023 *
2025 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
Phase 1
Phase 2
2%
0%
42%
0%
0%
0%
Q4 2021
Q4 2022 *
2023-2025 *
2024-2026 *
In state of 
progress**
In state of 
progress**
*
Estimate
**
state of progress x sold %
DE MOLENS
Project
Accounting method for income recognition
Handover / delivery date
Start date of the works
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Phase 1 / offices
Phase 2 / residential
100%
0%
10%
0%
13% **
0%
Q3 2017
2023 *
Q1 2019
2025 *
At property 
ownership transfer
N/A
*
Estimate
**
Does not take rents into account
LES BERGES DE L'ARGENTINE
Accounting method for income recognition
Handover / delivery date
Start date of the works
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
Project
NYSDAM
N/A**
0%
0%
N/A**
N/A**
N/A
*
Does not take rents into account
**
At this stage, future redevelopment is not envisaged and a 
sale process has been initiated
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
Accounting method for income recognition
Phase 1 
(residential)
Buildings 
ABCDEFGH
Phase 2 (office)
Buildings O and P
Phase 2 
(residential)
100%
17%
0%
100%
100%
0%
100%
48%
0%
Q1 2015 (bât C)
Q1 2021
2022 *
Q3 2020 (bât G)
Q3 2023 *
2023-2025 *
At property 
ownership transfer
In state of progress 
**
N/A
*
Estimate
**
For building under construction (G, H),
otherwise at property ownership transfer for the delivered 
buildings
AU FIL DES GRANDS PRÉS
Project
Accounting method for income recognition
Handover / delivery date
Start date of the works
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
THE STAGE (VH I)
0%
0%
0%
Q4 2022 *
2022-2023 **
At property 
ownership transfer 
***
*
Estimate of obtaining the permit
**
***
Sale of the project (land and permit) without construction planned in Q4-2022
At the ownership transfer (land and permit without construction)
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
VERHEESKADE II
0%
0%
0%
Q2 2023 *
2023-2025 **
At property 
ownership transfer 
***
*
Estimate of obtaining the permit
**
***
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
At the ownership transfer (land and permit without construction)
Sale of the project (land and permit) without construction
Accounting method for income recognition
Handover / delivery date
TWIST
33%
100%
4%
Q2 2021
Q4 2023 - Q1 2024 *
In state of progress
*
Estimate
Project
Accounting method for income recognition
Handover / delivery date
Start date of the works
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSPECTIV'
0%
0%
0%
Q2 2022 *
2027 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
SQUARE 42
0%
0%
0%
Q2 2022 *
2024 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
CLOCHE D'OR
0%
0%
0%
Q4 2023 *
2026 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COM'UNITY
98%
0%
0%
Q4 2018
Q4 2021
N/A
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
U'MAN
0%
0%
0%
2022 *
2024 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
VICTOR HUGO
0%
0%
0%
2022 *
2024 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WELLBE
0%
0%
0%
Q1 2022 *
2024 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
AM WEHRHAHN
34%
0%
0%
 Q2 2020
Q4 2022 *
In state of 
progress**
*
Estimate
**
state of progress (does not take rents into account)
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
HEINRICHSTRASSE
0%
0%
0%
Q3 2022 *
2023-2024 *
In state of progress
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LAKESIDE
0%
0%
0% **
Q1 2022 *
2023 *
N/A
*
Estimate
**
Does not take rents into account
Handover / delivery date
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
UBC 2
0%
0%
0% **
2023 *
2024 *
N/A
*
Estimate
**
Does not take rents into account
Project
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
Accounting method for income recognition
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
FORT7 Phase I
FORT7 Phase II
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
2022 *
2025*
2024-2025 *
**
N/A
N/A
*
Estimate
**
Development strategy / phase not yet defined
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VACI GREENS E
VACI GREENS F
87%
94%
100%
100%
100%
10%
Q3 2018
Q4 2018
Q3 2020
Q2 2020
In state of progress
At property 
ownership transfer
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
A
B
C
D
77%
38%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
Q4 2018
Q4 2019
2023 *
2023 *
Q2 2020
Q4 2022 *
2024 *
2024 *
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
*
Estimate
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
Accounting method for income recognition
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
ARENA BUSINESS CAMPUS
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
ROSEVILLE
38%
0%
0%
Q3 2020
Q3 2022 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BAKERSTREET 1
7%
0%
0%
2021 *
Q1 2023 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
BAKERSTREET 2
0%
0%
0%
2022 *
2024 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
LAKE11
0%
0%
0%
Q1 2022 *
2023 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
@EXPO
60%
0%
0%
Q1 2020
2022 - 2023 *
N/A
*
Estimate
Project
Accounting method for income recognition
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of properties cols / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
UP-SITE 
BUCHAREST
21%
66%
0%
2021 *
Q1 2024 *
At property 
ownership transfer
*
Estimate
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date
FLEET HOUSE
0%
0%
0%
Q1 2023 *
Q1 2025 *
In state of progress 
**
*
Estimate
**
state of progress X % sold
Accounting method for income recognition
Project
% completed
(Value of invoiced works / Total estimated value of works)
% of sold properties
(Number of sold properties / Total number of properties to be sold)
% income received / collected
(Collected cash flows / Total estimated cash flows to be received)
Start date of the works
Handover / delivery date

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
10.4.1 Overview per segment and per country 
 
The following two graphs represent the Issuer's portfolio on 31 December 2021 based on the type of project and the 
geographic allocation (regions). The percentages are calculated based on square meter and inventory.  
 
Portfolio based on the type of project 
 
Portfolio based on the geographic allocation of projects 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Belgium 26%
Poland 23%
Hungary 19%
Luxembourg 8%
Portugal 2%
Romania 7%
France 6%
Germany 1%
The Netherlands 7%
Great Britain B 1%
M² en portefeuille par pays au 12/2021 (e)

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
10.5 
Principal markets 
 
 
The Issuer began its real estate activities in the early '90s, developing office projects in the European Quarter in Brussels. 
At that time, this district was undergoing profound change, driven by the expansion of the European institutions. The 
Brussels-Capital Region, the scene of major local and international challenges, remains the Issuer's most important market.  
 
In 2000, the Issuer entered the early stages of growth on the Luxembourg office market, specifically the Kirchberg plateau, 
where development was substantially boosted by the Fonds d'urbanisation et d'aménagement du Plateau de Kirchberg 
(FUAK).  
 
In 2008, the Issuer invested in office projects in Budapest (Hungary) and Bucharest (Romania), with the objective of 
acquiring a share of these markets by offering offices of better technical quality. Focusing on location criteria, the Issuer 
made investments which, despite the downturn on these markets in 2009, gave it an edge over competing projects. This 
competitive advantage was reflected in the leasing of more than 70,000 m² of office space in four buildings sold over an 
18-month period in Budapest. These transactions, carried out mainly with tenants representing international groups and 
institutional or private investors (buyers), demonstrate the Issuer's favourable competitive position and the relevance of its 
positioning on the Hungarian capital's property market.  
 
In 2017, the Issuer, wishing to expand its footprint in Europe's most dynamic capitals, acquired a site in the Péri-Défense 
area of Paris (Bezons, France). 
 
In 2018, the Issuer continued to develop through an investment by its new Polish subsidiary in a project of around 35,000 
m2. Over the past 15 years, the Issuer has successfully completed numerous projects on the residential property market. 
The Issuer has thus been able to anticipate fundamental changes such as urban demographic growth and environmental 
issues. Its residential activity is concentrated in Brussels, Wallonia and Luxembourg and was extended at the end of 2018 
to the Romanian capital, Bucharest. Following an acquisition of office buildings in Warsaw (Poland) in February 2018, the 
signature of a purchase commitment for a second plot of land in the Paris region, and a first acquisition in Düsseldorf 
(Germany), the Issuer took its first steps in Deinze, Flanders in early 2019. In March 2019, the Issuer made its debut in 
Lisbon (Portugal) with the acquisition of a plot in the heart of the Parque das Nações (Park of the Nations) neighbourhood. 
In May 2019, the Issuer acquired a large plot of land near Warsaw's Chopin Airport with the aim of developing a mixed-
use project of approximately 250,000 m². 
 
At the beginning of the second half of 2020, the Issuer entered into an agreement in The Hague, the Netherlands, to acquire 
a 50% stake, alongside a well-known player, in a 58,000 m² development. On that same date, it also strengthened its 
presence in Germany by signing a preliminary purchase agreement to acquire a new project in Düsseldorf, the Issuer's first 
office development in that country. At the end of 2020, the Issuer, together with Ten Brinke Vastgoedontwikkeling and 
Myb, has set up the project company Laakhaven Verheeskade II B.V in which ATENOR holds 50%. 
 
In 2021, the Issuer expanded its office project Bakerstreet and acquired new plots for a new residential project called Lake 
11 (Budapest, Hungary). In Luxembourg, the Issuer acquired the site occupied by the Renault dealership located in the 
heart of the Cloche d’Or business district in order to develop a new project, mainly offices (34,000 m²).  
 
In 2021, the Issuer also entered the London market by the acquisition of a long leasehold interest in Fleet House, a 7,000 m² 
redevelopment opportunity. The Issuer also acquired a 6,500 m² building in Paris (France), located at Avenue Victor Hugo, 
in the heart of the “Central Business District (CBD)”, in the 16th arrondissement.   
 
The Issuer intends to stay active on these various markets for the long term.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(i) 
Belgium 
 
- 
Offices in Brussels8  
 
The office space supply in Brussels amounted to 13 million m² in Q3 2021. The take-up in the office market in Brussels 
and its major outskirts reached some 301,000 m² (with 425,000 m² representing average occupancy over the last 10 years). 
The rent premium remained stable at EUR 315/m²/year for transactions located in European and central locations, mainly 
for the rental of new or renovated buildings meeting the latest environmental standards.  
 
In the short and medium term and from an operational point of view, the effects of COVID-19 will have an impact on space 
management, that is, the use of offices in accordance with the appropriate health rules. The concepts of “flex working”, 
“teleworking” and “working from home” have now made their way into all private and public organizations. Companies 
are analyzing their long-term strategy with regard to occupancy space and, above all, how to use it, which could lead to a 
revision of the number of m² they need to operate. This general reflection is likely to impact office demand in the coming 
years. 
 
The vacancy rate continues to rise in Brussels, to 8.3% year to date, although it is still well below the 11.7% level seen in 
2011 and the average of 9.6% over the last 10 years. This is due to the increase in speculative office projects coming to the 
market and in some office users’ leasing of their surplus space. 
The vacancy rate is stabilizing around 4.0% in certain districts, such as the Brussels city Centre, Midi and Leopold. 
 
New and green products are still popular among occupants, particularly for accessibility, mobility and eco-responsibility 
considerations. Energy-efficient buildings correspond to the standard of user demand for both the public and private sectors. 
However, the impact of COVID-19 may delay some strategic real estate decisions, as occupants focus on operational 
aspects as a priority, before considering a move.  
 
Projects that have been issued a development permit (French acronym: PU), built at risk, are 158,000 m² for 2022 and 
141,000 m² for 2023. 
 
Given the uncertainty related to the health crisis linked to COVID-19 and the impact of telecommuting that began since 
the beginning of this crisis, it is difficult to predict the impact on the take-up for the whole of 2021 (estimate of 400,000  m²). 
Nevertheless, at this stage, take-up greater than that of 2020 is expected for the entire financial year.  
 
The office investment market reached €1.4 billion in Q3 2021, 51% less than in 2020. 56% was invested in office space, 
8% in retail, 15% in industrial and logistics buildings, 19% in healthcare, residential and alternative assets. 
Prime yields for offices, a measure of the performance usually used by the entire market (by institutional investors, agents), 
stabilised at 3.5% in Central Business District (CBD) for 6-year minimum leases, or 3.25% for longer leases in Green-
certified buildings.  
 
- 
Belgian residential market9 
 
The first 9 months of 2021 were characterized by strong real estate activity as well as the rise in real estate prices. This is 
a trend observed by notaries during the first six months of 2021 and is ongoing.  
 
In Belgium, the real estate market remains active. The number of real estate transactions increased, both compared to the 
“Corona Year” 2020 (+20.4%) and compared to the first 9 months of 2019 (+16.2%). The number of real estate transactions 
is increasing significantly in the 3 regions of the country. Over the first 9 months of 2021, this number increased by +21.3% 
in Flanders, +19.7% in Wallonia and +16.1% in Brussels. This can be seen from the Notary Federation’s real estate 
barometer (Fednot). In this context, the notary Renaud Grégoire explains: “Prices have continued to rise this third quarter 
of the year, but it was mainly in terms of activity (number of transactions) that the increase was the most remarkable.” 
 
                                                          
8 Source “Bureau”: JLL summary Q3 -2021 Brussels Office Market 
9 Fednot press release: 8/10/21 
  Stabel

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Based on deeds of sale registered with it, the Belgian statistics office SPF Finances published Belgian real estate figures 
for the third quarter 2021: the housing price index stands at 129.46 points and increased by 3.0% compared to the 2nd 
quarter of 2021. 
 
The Trevi Real Estate Index shows that the number of properties10 available for sale has increased by ca.5% since 1 January 
2021: given that the supply of new properties is becoming anaemic, it has been mainly the secondary market that has 
swamped the residential market. This situation is rare enough to be highlighted. 
 
Regarding the time to sell, while the first 6 months of 2021 saw a record low average of 14 days, the average rose to 35 
days in the 3rd quarter.  
 
A slight increase in supply of existing assets (ca.5%), more reasonable demand and, finally, interest rates that are still 
extremely attractive were positive elements for the second half of 2021. The market was balanced across all segments, but 
the entry-level segment remained under pressure given the scarcity of supply. 
 
All regions were in the same situation in a fairly uniform manner. 
 
The residential market has proven to be reassuringly mature at all times. It has not been intoxicated by euphoria as in some 
neighbouring countries; rather the residential market has naturally corrected its excesses before they produce disastrous 
effects on Belgian assets. Investors or occupant buyers continue to find in residential real estate a vehicle to protect their 
savings and the best protection against inflation. 
 
(ii) 
The Netherlands11 
 
According to the second calculation of Statistics Netherlands, gross domestic product ("GDP") increased by 2.1% in the 
third quarter of 2021 compared to the third quarter of 2020. Growth was 1.9%. The second calculation of GDP is published 
approximately 90 days after the end of the quarter. 
 
The upward revision is due to the adjustment of household consumption figures, mainly due to a greater increase in the 
consumption of Dutch citizens abroad, and public consumption. However, the trade balance was revised downwards. 
Growth in the third quarter was mainly due to an increase in household consumption. Public consumption also contributed 
positively. Investments and the trade balance declined. 
 
- 
Effects of COVID-19 on the property market 
 
The effects of COVID-19 on the residential real estate market are reflected in higher prices and greater pressure on the 
housing market than ever before. In addition, lockdowns have led to delays in municipal processes to obtain building 
permits that strengthen the shortage. 
 
- 
Residential12 
 
In November 2021, existing homes put up for sale were 20.1% more expensive than a year ago, representing the largest 
increase in prices since statistics were first published in 1995. In February 2000, the price increase was also 20.1%. At the 
time, the average price of a transaction was almost €160,000. In November, it was just over €400,000. This can be seen 
from the research published by Statistics Netherlands and the Cadaster on the evolution of private home sales prices in the 
Netherlands. 
 
Regarding the residential new construction market, in 2021 there was a further tightening of initial yields and a compression 
in yields in the four major cities in the Netherlands due to the growing demand from foreign investors for Dutch residential 
property. The yield differentials between the different cities have remained the same over the past period. For 2022, a 
                                                          
10 Trevi Real Estate Index 30/09/2021 
11Central Bureau of Statistics - www.CBS.nl  
   Cushman & Wakefield (jan 2022) 
12 Sources: CBS and Bron: CBRE December 2021

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
further slight yield compression is expected due to increased competition and concentration on new constructions (due to 
the increase in stamp duty at the end of 2020). 
Prime rents in the four major cities recovered from a slight decline in 2020 due to a brief drop in demand due to the COVID-
19 crisis. 
(iii) 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Luxembourg’s GDP13 rose by 0.9% in the 3rd quarter (+5.3% year-on-year). The growth in activity was underpinned by 
financial services and hotels, restaurants and catering sector (HORECA). The HORECA sector’s performance was 
significantly revised upwards for the 2nd quarter, as was health services, social action and construction. Information and 
communication services declined in the 3rd quarter, whereas they had previously been a significant contributor to growth. 
At the end of the 3rd quarter, real GDP was up 6.9% for 2021. 
 
The number of available resident job seekers14 registered with the ADEM amounted to 15,232 as at Q3 2021. Compared 
to Q3 2020, this represents a fall of 16.1%. The unemployment rate, adjusted for seasonal variations, calculated by 
STATEC, is now at 5.3%, which is below the level before the Covid crisis. 
 
Inflation15 in Luxembourg accelerated from 2.5% on average in Q3 2021 to 3.6% in October. 
 
- 
Office real estate16 
 
Take-up in Q3 2021 was 320,000 m², a record figure (+150,000 m² compared to Q3 2020), but one requiring some nuance 
as much of it comes from pre-acquisition and pre-letting, mainly from the public sector: 127,000 m² to be occupied by the 
European Parliament in the KAD building (Kirchberg) as well as 27,000 m² taken on by Post (Gare). BGL BNP Paribas 
also confirmed the pre-letting of Tower 3 (Kirchberg) for a total of 18,300 m².  
 
The supply of office space increasing and reached a total of 4.4 million m², with a vacancy rate remaining below 4%.  
 
In terms of rents, figures are stable despite a slight increase given the high rental vacancy in all areas, with nominal rent of 
€52/m²/month in the city centre in Luxembourg, €41/m²/month in Kirchberg and €24/m²/month in Esch/Belval. 
 
- 
Residential real estate17 
 
The latest real estate price figures published by the Observatoire de l’habitat for Q3 2021 (based on notarized deeds) show 
a new sharp increase in the prices of existing apartments (similar to the existing property market). The increase in the price 
per average m² reached +6.7% compared to the previous quarter and +19.1% compared to the second quarter of 2020. 
 
Contrary to what one might believe, the municipality of Luxembourg does not appear to be the country’s most expensive. 
The capital ranks behind the commune of Bertrange, which posted an announced average price per square metre of €12,743. 
Above €10,000 per square metre are the municipalities of Mamer (€11,119), Kopstal (€10,907), Strassen (€10,662) and 
Niederanven (€10,183). Esch/Alzette posted a steady increase, moving beyond the €8,000/m² mark in the most sought-
after areas which include Belval (top-floor apartments). 
 
The market imbalance between supply and demand, coupled with low interest rates, is generating certain upward pressure 
on prices. The population has increased by nearly 24% in 10 years (from 512,029 in 2010 to 634,730 inhabitants in 2020 
                                                          
13 STATEC, Monthly publication on the state of the economy, Conjoncture Flash, December 2021 
14 Adem, press release, 20 December 2021 
15 Monthly publication on the state of the economy, Conjoncture Flash, October 2021 
16 Source: Marketbeat, Office Q3 2021 Luxembourg, Cushman & Wakefield 
17  Sources: Observatoire de l’habitat, Sale prices, Evolution of prices in Q3 2021 and https://www.spuerkeess.lu/

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
or 122,701 people more to live). This is a very strong growth in the resident population, mainly driven by Luxembourg’s 
economic attractiveness. According to STATEC’s latest projection, between 5,600 and 7,500 homes per year should be 
created according to economic growth scenarios. However, only 3,987 homes were completed in 2018, with an annual 
surplus of households at 5,390. 
 
(iv) 
France - Ile-de-France18 
 
- 
Rental market  
 
The recovery observed in recent months in the rental market has been confirmed. With more than 406,000 m² sold during 
the summer 2021, thanks in particular to a particularly dynamic July. Take-up since the beginning of 2021 reached more 
than 1.2 million m². The gap thus continues to narrow, confirming a return to (near) normalcy. The number of transactions 
is close to its usual levels, with 2,209 deals closed since the beginning of the year 2021, i.e. 8% less than the average, but 
the difference in m² remains significant (-26%). These figures would tend to confirm companies’ willingness to reduce 
their real estate footprint by an average of 20%. The bulk of this gap can be attributed to the large surface area segment (-
46%), while the small and medium-sized surface areas (-8%) and Mid-Markets (-17%) are gradually returning to their 
traditional levels of activity. 
The search for centrality is naturally leading companies to choose the most central and best-served sectors by public 
transport. The Central Business District (also known by its French acronym QCA), the central districts of Paris and La 
Défense thus posted a level of activity in line with their long-term average, while in most other sectors, the gap is still 
around 40% on average. 
Vacant supply, which had risen markedly in Q2 2021, mainly due to a large volume of deliveries available, seems to be 
stabilizing. 3,992,000 m² of offices were thus available in Ile-de-France at the end of September 2021, for a vacancy rate 
of 7.3%. However, divergences between sectors are increasing, with the Paris markets seeing their vacancy decline from 
one quarter to the next, while availability continues to increase in peripheral markets. 
There were few changes in rental values in Q3 2021. Prime rents thus stand at €920/m²/year respectively in the Paris CBD 
and €540/m²/year in La Défense. Average rental values were also stable from one quarter to the next, at €413/m²/year for 
new/restructured premises and €404/m²/year for second-hand premises. These face values are nevertheless accompanied 
by support measures (a price reduction, moving services, fit-out work, rent-free periods, etc.) that are sometimes significant 
(23.9% on average in Ile-de-France). 
- 
The investment market 
 
With €2.9 billion invested in Q3 2021, the Ile-de-France investment market has been more dynamic in Q3 2021 (+37%) 
compared to Q2 2021, but it remains significantly below traditional performances. Only €8.3 billion have thus been invested 
in total year-to-date performance, down 32% year-on-year and 36% lower than the average of the last 5 years. 
Transactions in Q3 2021 were slightly less numerous than in Q2 2021 (56 vs. 62), but they related to better located or larger 
assets. The average price rose from €34 million to €51 million from one quarter to the next. Large transactions (>€100 
million) were slightly higher than in the previous quarter (8 vs. 4), with 2 deals worth more than €300 million. These are 
in addition to the largest transaction in Q1 2021 for the Shift building in Issy-les-Moulineaux, for a volume of €630 million. 
In total, 23 transactions of more than €100 million have been recorded since the beginning of the year 2021 for a total of 
€4.6 billion. As a reminder, this segment had seen 38 transactions over the same period in 2021, for a total of €8 billion. In 
the other market segments, we note the excellent performance of transactions in the €50–€100 million range, which, with 
€1.8 billion, rose 83% year-on-year and are the only ones to outperform their long-term average. 
The Paris CBD led commitments, with nearly €1.9 billion (22%), thanks in particular to 7 transactions worth more than 
€100 million. Meanwhile, the Paris Western Crescent accounts for nearly €1.7 billion in investments, or 20% of the 
business. The city’s inner ring totaled €1.5 billion in commitments, invested largely in the south (11 transactions for a total 
of €663 million). 
No particular movement for prime office rates in Q3 2021 was to be observed compared to Q2 2021, with the exception of 
                                                          
18 
Source JLL – Panorama des bureaux en Ile de France – Q3 2021.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
a few decompressions observed on sectors with high supply levels or mainly with large assets that are more difficult to 
finance. The prime office rate of the Paris CBD in Q3 2021 thus remained stable at 2.50%. 
Foreign investors remained active in the 3rd quarter of 2021, concentrating half of the amounts invested. Their market share 
over the first 9 months of 2021 is 38%. German investors (11%) and international investment funds (9%) remained the 
most dynamic. For French investors, SCPIs/OPCIs (real estate investment vehicles) led the way, with 40% of the amounts 
committed, despite less inflows for current real estate because they are more focused on alternative products such as 
healthcare. They are followed by investment funds (33%). Listed real estate investment trusts (SIICs) remain active in 
terms of disposals (33% of volumes since the start of the year 2021), continuing their arbitrages with the aim of deleveraging 
or capturing capital gains. 
Faced with continued scarcity of supply and rate compression, investors may be tempted to take more risk to meet their 
yield targets and take advantage of the recovery. As the economic and health environment improves, confidence gradually 
returns and the environmental crisis takes center stage, investors will be driven to further seize opportunities for repurposing 
existing assets. The French market would regain its depth and could gradually return to its pre-crisis performance. 
 
(v) 
Germany 
 
Germany is the strongest European economy and one of the largest in the world. This country plays a major role within the 
European Union, represents 22% of European GDP and 18.5% of the population of the European Union. The German 
economy is both highly industrialized and diverse, focusing equally on services and production. 19 
With nearly 3.8 billion euros, Germany has the largest GDP in Europe, but also the largest population in Europe, with 83.2 
million inhabitants. The population of its four major cities exceeds one million each. Germany is a safe haven for global 
capital and offers investors a stable financial, political and legal environment that is highly attractive to individuals and 
international groups.  
In view of the difficult conditions during the second year of the outbreak of the global COVID-19 pandemic, the German 
real estate market is quite robust. Ultimately, the market developments to Q3 2021 provide evidence of what makes the 
German real estate market stand out in an international comparison: value and stability. After occupiers and investors took 
a short break for orientation in mid-2020, a revival in activity can be seen. According to the view of the real estate agents 
at mid-2021, the market is almost back to “normal” for the asset classes Office, Residential and food anchored retail.20  
The Big 7 (Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Munich, Cologne and Stuttgart) represented a total transaction volume 
of nearly € 22.3 billion to Q3 2021 (+6% compared to the previous year). The large number of major transactions with a 
volume of more than €100 million is remarkable. To date, more than 40 transactions of this size have been registered in the 
A-locations, more than 20 of them in Q3. Berlin again ranks first with €6.8 billion (+26%) ahead of Frankfurt with a good 
€5.1 billion (+39.5%). Munich just registered under €4.5 billion (+19%). Hamburg, with €2.1 billion, missed the record 
result of the previous year by 44%. Cologne, on the other hand, reported an increase of 50% to an above-average volume 
of €1.5 billion. The result in Düsseldorf was below average at €1.4 billion (-41.5%), also due to a lack of product, and 
Stuttgart at € 800 million (-16%). 21 
- 
Düsseldorf 
 
Düsseldorf has 644,280 inhabitants and is the capital of the most populous federal state in North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW). 
It is a thriving business center in the heart of Europe with headquarters of international companies in the sectors of industry, 
commerce and services. The city of Düsseldorf is easily accessible thanks to its excellent transport network and its 
international airport; it is also an important center of communication, advertising and fashion. 22 
 
The office stock, i.e. the number of m² of existing offices, in Düsseldorf in Q4 2021 amounts to 7,600,000 m² in the city 
area. In a very challenging environment, the Düsseldorf office market records in Q3 2021 a strong quarter and up to date 
take-up of  212,000 m². However, the relatively low year to date take-up somewhat hides the fact that the market is certainly 
lively. By the end of September, for example, almost 370 deals had been registered, which is even more than in the record 
year 2019. In addition, a clear revival of the market in terms of take-up has also become apparent in the past three months. 
                                                          
19 OECD – www.data.oecd.org 
20 Colliers – Investing in German Real Estate 2021 
21 BNPP RE - Investment Market Overview Q4 2021 
22 Stadt Düsseldorf – www.duesseldorf.de

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
With 104,000 m², take-up in the third quarter alone was roughly the same as in the previous six months. The high number 
of transactions is evidence of the very high level of market activity in the Düsseldorf office market, with most of the lettings 
being in the small-volume segment and large deals above 10.000 m² remaining the exception.23  
 
After an extensive reduction in vacancies between 2011 and 2019, a slight increase in vacant office space is registered to 
currently almost 900,000 m². However, only around 22% of the vacant space has the modern fit-out standard preferred by 
tenants. The vacancy rate rose from 8.8% to 9.2%. However, it is also evident in Düsseldorf that the preferred central 
locations only have a limited supply. The vacancy rate in the CBD is only 3.9%. The prime rent has remained stable since 
the fourth quarter of 2019 at € 28.50/m²/ month and is reached in the CBD. Over the same period, the weighted average 
rent rose by around 7% to € 16.50/m²/ month. 24 
 
As far as the residential market is concerned, Düsseldorf can boast, as the capital of the region and an important place for 
media and business, a significant increase in the demand for housing, with an increase in the number of households. For 
21 years, Düsseldorf's population has grown steadily, proving the attractiveness of the city as a place to live. The volume 
of total transactions also increased, its volume amounted to € 780 million in 2021. The tense market situation can be felt 
everywhere in Düsseldorf. Due to the steadily increasing demand with insufficient supply, the vacancy rate, which was 
already very low at 1.6% in 2014, fell to just 1.3% by 2019. So it is not surprising that asking rents from simple to very 
good locations rose by more than a quarter between 2014 and 2020. This proves the demand and price pressure on the 
entire Düsseldorf market, since not only the popular locations benefit, but also less sought-after parts of the city have 
recorded significant price increases. 
The highest rate of increase is for locations with good living quality, which show an increase of 30% compared to 2020. 
Around €11.70/m² is currently being asked for here. Even the very good locations have a high rent increase rate of 29% 
and average asking rents of around €12.90/m². 
 
Broken down by district, it is above all the residential areas close to the city center where the highest asking rents are noted. 
The highest median rent is in the old town and in Carlstadt at €14.85/m². But even on the right bank of the Rhine, the 
average rent in Oberkassel, which is popular and characterized by many old buildings, is still more than 14 €/m². 
 
(vi) 
Poland25 
 
Even though the pace of the pandemic slowed down in Q1-Q3 2021, with the situation appearing to stabilize in the summer, 
office market sentiment continues to be tentative. Indeed with the emergence of the Delta variant and a fourth wave in the 
autumn 2021, many companies have decided to extend their hybrid work models. 
 
The impact on the Warsaw office market can be seen in the amount of developer activity. For several years, the under-
construction volume in the capital of Poland ranged between 700,000 m² and 800,000 m². Now it is nearing 330,000 m², 
which is the lowest level since 2010 (16% of this pipeline is already pre-leased). Developers are much more cautious about 
starting new construction. What is expected on the Warsaw office market till 2025, is a supply gap. There will be a scarity 
of new product, while non-central locations may gain in popularity. 
 
According to JLL and CBRE, in the first 3 quarters of 2021, tenants let approximately 398,100 m² in Warsaw, of which 
around 149,000 m² was leased throughout Q3 2021. The demand is 10% lower than in corresponding period in 2020. The 
majority of leased spaces was signed as new leases (54%) and renegotiations (41%). As a consequence of the pandemic, 
companies are now taking a much more conservative approach to leasing office space and appear to be waiting as long 
they can to see how the Covid-19 situation unfolds.  
 
In the Q3 2021, the vacancy rate rose to 12.5% in Warsaw (13.2% in central districts and 11.9% in non-central districts of 
the city), an increase of 2.9 percentage points compared to the end of 2020 (and +0.4 percentage points compared to the 
previous quarter). These figures were accompanied by an increase in subletting options (over 119,000 m² were available 
for sublease in Warsaw in Q3 2021). As a result of the slowdown on the part of developers and a predicted supply gap, a 
decrease in the aforementioned vacancy rate is expected. This will be particularly evident in areas outside the city centre, 
where companies searching for offices in new buildings will have a very limited choice. Such trend may also encourage 
                                                          
23 BNP - Office Market Düsseldorf At a Glance Q4 2021  
24 BNP - Office Market Düsseldorf At a Glance Q4 2021 
25 JLL and CBRE reports for Q3-2021

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
pre leasing activity of tenants. 
 
The total modern office stock in Warsaw has grown by 4% since the beginning of 2021 and currently amounts to almost 
6.16 million m². Prime headline rents have remained stable and range from € 18.0 to € 24.0/m²/month in the city center and 
from € 11.0 to € 16.0/m²/month outside the center. 
 
The office sector remains one of the key drivers of Poland’s investment market. However, current investor activity is rather 
moderate compared to previous years. Office investments exceeded €1.2 billion at the end of September 2021, 19% down 
on Q1-Q3 2020, but still 4% above the 10-year average for the first three quarters of a year. Currently, investors are mostly 
looking at prime Warsaw schemes, which are likely to attract and retain tenants.  
 
Transactions concluded in Warsaw accounted for 70% of the turnover. In fact, Q3 2021 alone saw transactions involving 
some of the most prestigious Warsaw locations. This was illustrated by the sale of Warsaw Brewery-Malthouse Offices 
(Biura przy Warzelni). The last office section of the Warsaw Brewery complex was sold by Echo Investment to DEKA 
Immobilien for €152.3 million. 
 
In addition, non-central assets are also drawing the attention of investors. Q4 2021 has started with the €47.3 million 
acquisition of My Place I (Moje Miejsce I) - an office scheme located in Mokotów. This asset was also sold by Echo 
Investment.  
In Q3 2021, prime office yields in Warsaw were being discussed at 4.50%. 
 
(vii) 
Hungary26 
 
The update of the study "Country Economic Forecast Hungary" by Oxford Economics, dated 24 December 2021, indicates 
that after a strong first half of the year, the 2021 GDP growth forecast had to be revised to 6.2% compared to the earlier 
expectations of 7.9%. A more modest growth of 4.4% (instead of 5.5% previously expected) is forecasted for 2022. The 
slowing pace of growth can be attributed to slowing industry and exports, with the latter declining by a cumulative 2.1% 
in Q2-Q3 2021 due to supply delays and input shortages, as well as weaker consumer confidence and therefore slowing 
consumption due to high inflation (expected to average at 5.2% in 2021) and the spread of the Omicron covid-variant. On 
the other hand, due to a relatively high percentage of the population having already received the booster vaccine and a 
declining number of covid cases during the last month of 2021, Hungary is one of the countries with the least severe 
restrictions, which should cause limited economic fallout only. 
 
The Hungarian National Bank ("HNB") finds itself in a challenging environment : economic recovery has slowed down 
but inflation has continued to go upside (increasing to 7.4% in November 2021) driven by food and energy prices but also 
core inflation. HNB continued hiking rates with 30 basis points. The Bank is committed to bring inflation back to its 3% 
reference value in the medium term. Fiscal policy remains loose, as recent data indicated that the general government deficit 
has surpassed 7% of GDP in November 2021. This number was expected to be pushed below 6% by the end 2021, as a 
significant part of planned investments was pushed over into 2022.  
 
In the longer term, Hungary should considerably benefit from the recently approved EU recovery package, as well as from 
the EU's next Multiannual Financial Framework ("MFF") in order to stimulate the Hungarian economy by 6.7% of GDP 
in 2021-2025. GDP is expected to recover strongly over the next couple of years. 
 
Overall investment activity in Hungary was forecasted to increase by 7.1% in 2021 and 6.9% in 2022. Investment demand 
is healthy, and it is expected to pick-up further due to the inflow of money from the EU’s post-pandemic recovery fund. 
The year-to-date investment volume for the Budapest real estate market was €750 million at the end of Q3 2021, while 
annual forecast expected the total volume for 2021 to be well over €1 billion. Offices were the most sought-after asset 
category, with 89% of all commercial real estate investments in H1 and 72% in Q3 of 2021, with domestic investors carving 
out the largest market share of the total activity with 83%. Besides domestic money, Austrian, Belgian and UK capital was 
                                                          
26 
"Country Economic Forecast Hungary" by Oxford Economics, 24 December 2021, and Budapest Investment & Office Snapshot 2021 Q3 reports by 
CBRE.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
actively invested in Q3 2021. Closed-ended money was active throughout the year, while open-ended funds were mostly 
planning acquisitions in 2022. 
 
Total office leasing activity in Q3 2021 in Budapest was 81,500 m², slightly below the Q2-level, however, 3% up y/y. The 
share of renewals was relatively low with 22%, while net take-up (new leases, pre-leases and expansions) was 78%, with 
an increase of 31% y/y.  
 
Overall office vacancy rate declined to 9.1% as of October 2021, with the most saturated markets being North Buda (4.6%), 
the Váci Corridor (5.7%) and Central Buda (6.0%). Vacancy in all other submarkets ranged between 8-12%. 
 
For the first time since 2019, there was no new completion in Q3 2021. There were 27 office projects under construction 
at the end of the quarter, with a total leasable area of 480,400 m2. Forecasted annual completion was revised down by 38% 
from the forecast beginning of 2021, as projects got delayed and handovers pushed over into 2022. With these delays, the 
forecast for new supply in 2022 increased to 296,600 sqm, a part of it should again be shifted into 2023. Sublease space, 
although being put to the market in relatively large volumes, did not prove to be real competition for the high-quality new 
office projects.  
 
A major improvement from 2020 is that many companies have established a new way of working since the beginning of 
2021 and even if processes are always slower due to the pandemic situation, occupiers were able to take the necessary real 
estate decisions to move into new office space. Even if new trends appear, it can clearly see that office space continue to 
be on demand of large domestic and international occupiers: several large HQ and other relocation projects were started in 
the second half of 2021. 
 
(viii) 
Romania27 
 
- 
Economics 
The recovery Romania saw is still one of the best ones in the EU and has been mainly driven by consumption, but also by 
investments. However, if we peer behind the shiny growth rate of ca.7% between Q1-Q3 2021, we note that there are some 
soft details: for instance, while private consumption added 4.6 percentage points and investments 1.5 percentage points, a 
robust contribution also came from the very volatile inventories, of 3 percentage points. Furthermore, net exports 
represented quite a drag, with a negative impact of -1.9 percentage points to the growth rate. Full year growth is likely to 
be a bit higher than 6%. 
Overall, analyses show that growth is likely to print somewhere in the 3 to 4% range in 2022, with the risk balance skewed 
to the downside. The major risk is the Federal Reserve’s tightening cycle, with the US central bank starting to pull back 
quantitative easing support starting late 2021 and hiking the key rate 3 times throughout 2022.  
- 
Office – Bucharest Market 
Following a somewhat lackluster first half in terms of deliveries - 36,000 sqm of new modern offices, activity has kicked 
up a notch, as expected, in the second part of 2021, with deliveries in the 110,000 m2 region in the third quarter of 2021 
alone, with a similar fourth quarter expected that could bring this year’s tally to over 250,000 m2. 
Activity picked up quite a lot in Q3 2021, gross take-up reached 69,400 m2, up from 48,700 sqm a year ago and well higher 
than the ca.56,000 m2 quarterly average since the beginning of the pandemic. Net take-up looked even more impressive, 
36,100 m2, 3.5x higher than the level seen in Q3 2020 and well higher than the almost 21,000 m2/quarter level seen since 
the onset of the pandemic. 
The calendar of new deliveries dries up, a recovery in terms of leasing activity could come as soon as H2 2022. The 
Bucharest office space remains quite underdeveloped if we look at it on a per capita basis compared to European peers. 
- 
Residential – Bucharest Market 
                                                          
27 COLLIERS International - A post-pandemic outlook for the Bucharest office market  
  SVN – Romanian Residential Market drive 2021

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
The biggest residential market in Romania registered in 2021 its best results in the recent history, despite some negative 
forecasts made over the last two years.  
The increase in deliveries, both in Bucharest and at a national level, translated also in a higher volume of construction 
works undertaken on the residential segment – an annual increase of 28% in the first six months from 2021, according to 
National Institute of Statistics (("NIS") data.  
The premium and luxury segment registered also record results. Thus, more than 500 profile residential units were delivered 
this year in Bucharest and its surroundings, a new record in the last three decades, mostly because of some large-scale 
projects being completed.  
In addition, several hundred more premium and luxury units are under construction and will be delivered in the following 
years.  
Bucharest residential market registered in 2021 its best transaction results in the last 20 years, despite the Covid-19 
pandemic and its macroeconomic effects, the main explanation being the excellent solvency of the existing demand. Thus, 
the number of sold units in the region in the first 10 months of 2021 increased by 47.1% compared to the same period from 
2020. 
On the other hand, October 2021 brought an annual decrease in closed transactions of about 10.5%.  
This decrease can be explained by the new restrictions caused by the negative evolution of Covid-19 pandemic. 
Premises for 2022 are good at this moment, even though the immediate period will bring a slight worsening of affordability 
of buying a new home while the interest rates for new mortgage loans are expected to grow. 
(ix) 
Portugal - Lisbon 
 
After several years of being among the good performers in the eurozone and despite its relative resilience compared to 
other European countries in terms of the number of deaths and the number of COVID-related cases in 2020, Portugal has 
been hit hard and posted a drop in its GDP of 8.4% in 2020. This is certainly a worse performance than the European 
average (-4.9%) but better than the rest of southern European countries such as Italy (-8.9%), Spain (-10.8%) and Greece 
(-9%). For the coming years, the latest estimates indicate that Portugal should rebound and return to growth of 4.5% in 
2021 (vs. 5.0% on average in Europe) and 5.3% in 2022 (vs. 4.2% on average in Europe).  
The slowdown in economic activity has certainly been felt on the take-up of offices, where Lisbon recorded a take-up of 
only 80,600 m² at the end of the third quarter of 2021, down 21% compared to the same period last year28. This decline is 
mainly due to the wait-and-see attitude of the large occupants, who are still in the process of clarifying their occupancy 
policy. However, nearly 70,000 m² of requests are currently coming to the market for large companies such as Google, 
Microsoft, Galp and BNP Paribas. The 47,000 m² of new office space delivered during the first 3 quarters of 2021 
nevertheless had only a marginal impact on the rental vacancy, which increased slightly to 5.7% at the end of the 3rd quarter 
of 2021 compared to 4.9% at the end of 2020. The pipeline remains relatively moderate and should not exceed 220,000 m² 
until the end of 2023. This pipeline will not, however, make it possible to meet the need for modern and efficient offices 
in Lisbon, given the growing demand for space and the obsolescence of existing offices in the city. 
Despite the drop in take-up, the supply office space in 2021 was not enough to meet the needs of tenants and prime rents 
increased up to 3% depending on the area. It seems the development pipeline will not be enough to meet demand for the 
coming years and upward pressure on rents is expected to continue in 2022.  
In the investment market, the third quarter of 2021 was particularly active and recorded transactions for €710 million, or 
13% more than the same period in 2020. Despite this good performance, with €1.28 billion in investments 2021 remains 
48% lower than the record year of 2020 and 15% lower than 2019. This relative decline in investments is mainly due to a 
lack of good products, as yields, for their part, remain under pressure and continue to fall. The prime yield for office space 
in Lisbon  stands at 4.00% in Q3 202129. 
 
(x) 
Great Britain - London 
 
                                                          
28 Source: Cushman & Wakefield 
29 Source CBRE

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
- 
Economy30 
Outside of the continuing fallout from the pandemic, changes to the UK trading relationship with Europe due to Brexit 
continue to pose a further, ongoing challenge to the UK economy. 
Annual growth is clearly very strong. The number of paid employees post-pandemic exceeded December 2019’s figure 
for the first time in September 2021, but hours worked remain down despite the high rate of annual growth. 
There was a stop-start nature to the economic recovery in Q3 2021, with shortages of labour and materials taking over 
from pandemic restrictions as the main drag on growth. 
Unemployment fell again and the number of paid employees finally returned to pre-pandemic levels. Lenders reported 
falling demand for mortgages. 
As for GDP and output, there was a mixed performance in Q3 2021 as the economic recovery took a small step back in 
July 2021 (-0.1%) before returning to growth in August 2021 (+0.4%). This is a much slower pace of growth than earlier 
in the year and the economy remains smaller than it did at the end of 2019, by just 0.8%. 
The consumer confidence and business optimism fell in Q3 2021, although the latter remained in positive mood. 
The official central economic scenario from OBR (Office for Budget Responsibility), published in October 2021, is for 
growth of 6.0%.  
Annual growth is clearly very strong. The number of paid employees post-pandemic exceeded December 2019’s figure 
for the first time in September 2021, but hours worked remain down despite the high rate of annual growth. 
- 
Office market31 
Central London office demand continues to recover, fueled by growing appetite for modern, sustainable offices that can 
facilitate businesses’ ESG strategies. 
Central London take-up totaled 2.7m sq ft in Q3-2021, which was the highest quarterly take-up since the beginning of the 
pandemic. While demand continues to recover, take-up remains approximately 11% below the pre-pandemic ten-year 
quarterly average, reflecting continued uncertainty over return to the office strategies. That said, competition for best-in-
class, sustainable space is fierce, which is pushing up prime rents. Grade A vacancy in the West End in Q3 2021 remains 
very low, at 3.9%. 
Supply has dropped by 5.0% to 17.0m sq ft in Q3 2021, equating to a vacancy rate of 7.6% - above the long term average 
of 6.1%, but below the 7.9% recorded at the end of 2020. Whilst still above pre-pandemic levels, tenant-led space on the 
market has decreased to approximately 17% of total supply in Q3 2021 (ca. 29% including service office space). 
The investment market recorded another healthy quarter of activity in Q3 2021, as demand for Grade A offices with 
potential to fulfil ESG strategies continues to build. Volumes reached £3.2bn, over double that recorded in Q3 2020, and 
4% above Q3 2019. Volume YTD (Year to date) now stands at £8.6bn in Q3 2021, 108% up on the same period in 2020 
and 12% up on Q1-3 2019. Overseas investors have accounted for 65% of Central London office volume until then in 
2021, which is 9% and 15% above Q1-3 2020 and 2019 respectively. 
 
10.6 
Trends  
 
The Issuer adopted a proactive attitude from the first clear signs of the Covid-19 crisis in order to protect the health of its 
employees and ensure business continuity. 
 
Following the publication of the Sustainability Report in April 2021, Issuer has continued its efforts in the field of 
sustainable development with the aim of implementing a high level of sustainability in each project of the portfolio.  
                                                          
30 UK economic outlook Q3-2021 by Cluttons (https://www.cluttons.com/insights/property-market-research/996-uk-economic-outlook-q3-2021) 
  https://data.gov.uk/ 
31 Central London Office Market Update Q3-2021

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
The evolution of the various Covid waves have implied to adopt a more cautious approach regarding the development of 
the activities of the Issuer. New Covid waves could have the following impacts: 
- 
Slower processing of permit applications and issuance of permits, as a result of increased home working within all 
administrations; 
- 
Slower decision-making process for potential tenants;  
- 
Slower closing for major deals in progress due to travel constraints and face-to-face contacts.  
 
The collective maturity acquired during the previous Covid waves and the lessons learnt from the periods the Issuer has 
been through (in particular the usefulness of the office function for both companies and their employees and for its 
economic and social effect) irrevocably strengthens the value of the project portfolio.  
Moreover, the climate emergency shared at a global level validates the role of its business as a developer (the move towards 
low-carbon buildings is part of the Green Deal) and underlines the relevance of its positioning (urban, sustainable, 
international).  
 
The Issuer states that there has been no significant deterioration in its outlook since 31 December 2021.  
 
10.7 
Financing 
 
10.7.1 Financial policy 
 
The Issuer's financial policy is to maintain long-term capital (equity + medium- and long-term debt) in excess of the value 
of acquisitions (land and lettable properties) so that projects with a permit can be a source of income in the medium term 
(sales of offices or housing or, in certain cases, rental income while the disposal of the underlying assets is being organised). 
The Issuer remains very attentive to its balance sheet figures and the diversification of its sources of financing, while 
monitoring its solvency level.  
 
Summary of the Issuer's consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2021  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Long-term capital = equity + medium- and long-term financing (not immediately repayable) 
 
DECEMBER 2021 DECEMBER 2020
DECEMBER 2021
DECEMBER 2020
Total Equity
301.042.770
261.212.332
"Standalone" not Green Bonds
190.000.000
210.000.000
"Standalone" Green Bonds
100.000.000
EMTN  2022 - 2027
55.600.000
66.100.000
MTN > 1 year
20.000.000
19.750.000
Corporate Bank Loans
20.000.000
9.714.286
Projects Bank Loans
92.191.422
127.371.476
ACQUISITION VALUES (land - projects)
737.663.025
       
533.962.928
       
PERMANENT CAPITAL
778.834.191
694.148.094
"Standalone" not Green Bonds
20.000.000
EMTN < 1 year
18.000.000
34.500.000
MTN < 1 year
28.750.000
18.150.000
Corporate Bank Loans
26.654.286
7.714.286
Projects Bank Loans
110.931.436
62.868.087
DEVELOPMENT VALUES (land excluded)
331.091.131
       
394.268.600
       
SHORT-TERM LIABILITIES
204.335.722
123.232.373
Cash and cash equivalent
92.404.846
67.886.990
Commercial Paper
151.200.000
101.000.000
Other assets
68.655.081
62.323.604
Other Debts
95.444.171
140.061.655
TOTAL ASSETS
1.229.814.084
    
1.058.442.121
    
TOTAL LIABILITIES
1.229.814.084
    
1.058.442.121
      
ASSETS
LIABILITIES

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
The bond issue carried out in March 2021 enabled the Issuer to meet its objectives, i.e. strengthen its balance sheet figures 
and broaden a source of financing, in the form of a green retail bond.  
 
For more information on the Issuer's debt policy and financial risks, please refer to notes 20 and 26 of the 2020 Annual 
Report. 
 
The financial risks (credit, liquidity and interest rates) can be explained by the Group's debt policy, which was maintained 
in 2020 and 2021. 
 
The Group's indebtedness consists of direct financing contracted by the Issuer and financing, where applicable, at the level 
of its Subsidiaries. 
 
The Group obtains financing from various leading national and European banking partners. It has a strong and long-
standing relationship with these partners, which enables it to meet the Group's financing needs. 
 
Since 1999, the Issuer has diversified its sources of financing through a short, medium and long-term commercial paper 
programme (CP/MTN - Commercial Paper/Medium Term Note) and has commissioned Belfius Bank to market these notes 
to private and public institutional investors. In 2016, the Group continued to diversify its sources of financing by issuing 
four medium and long-term bond tranches under its Euro Medium Term Notes (EMTN) programme. The Group pursues 
an active communications policy in order to inform financial market participants as thoroughly as possible and to mitigate 
the effects of the drying up of the money market or any crisis independent of the Issuer's situation and activities. 
 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries arrange the financing necessary, if applicable, to complete the construction of real estate 
projects. The financing is intended to cover the entire construction period and allow for marketing within a reasonable 
period, generally one year, after completion of the works. In this context, the assets under construction and the shares of 
the Issuer's Subsidiaries may be pledged in favour of the lending credit institutions. When marketing prospects appear 
favourable and offer sufficient leeway in terms of project development, the Issuer may decide to finance its projects directly 
or through the Subsidiaries developing the projects. 
 
 
At 31 December 2021, the Issuer had several credit facilities in place (EUR 249.92 million), for the financing of projects 
under construction (e.g. City Dox), projects to provide rental income (e.g. Nysdam or Lakeside) or projects to be developed 
Contractual 
maturities
Nominal value
 (in EUR)
Credit institutions
Atenor Group Participations
30-09-2022
9.000.000
Atenor Long Term Growth
31-12-2022
6.940.000
Atenor
Corporate 1
31-03-2022
714.286
Corporate 2
1-05-2023
20.000.000
Corporate 3
10.000.000
Projects
City Dox (via IPI)
28-02-2022
18.000.000
Realex (via Leaselex)
29-04-2022
50.000.000
Realex (via Immo Silex)
29-04-2022
10.000.000
Nysdam (via Hexaten)
31-10-2022
13.000.000
Beaulieu (via Atenor)
15-12-2022
18.900.000
Lakeside (via Haverhill)
10-01-2024
18.700.000
Twist (via Atenor Luxembourg)
31-05-2024
6.665.700
Renault (via Cloche d'Or Development)
30-06-2026
68.000.000
Total financial debts via credit institutions
249.919.986
 a 90-day prior notice

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(Realex, Beaulieu, City Dox). These facilities may be reimbursed when the marketing of the project concerned is completed 
or when development of the project comes to an end (Realex). When projects are handed over and the completed buildings 
are occupied, any long-term loans that are still in existence will be subject to repayment when the assets are sold. 
 
This situation makes it possible to reconcile the scheduled repayments of CP, MTN, EMTN or stand-alone including green 
bonds with, on the one hand, project-related financing and, on the other hand, the Issuer's cash on hand (EUR 90.88 million 
at 31 December 2021) In order to ensure the security of the Issuer's financing, the renewal, where applicable, of credit lines 
is discussed several quarters prior to their maturity.  
 
With regard to interest rates, Group financing and project financing through the Group are secured on the basis of short-
term rates, 1- to 12-month Euribor. When drawdowns are made for longer periods (from 2 to 7 years), the Group contracts 
advances at fixed rates or, at the lender's request, at floating rates accompanied by a swap converting the floating rate into 
a fixed rate (IRS). In the context of project financing, banks authorise drawdowns of 1 to 12 months during the financing 
period, depending on the duration of construction. In this framework and taking into account the budgets prepared for each 
project, the impact of a rise in short-term rates is limited. In addition, the share represented by financial charges of a project's 
budget ranges from 3 to 6 per cent. of the total. As a result, sensitivity to a sharp change in short-term rates remains relatively 
low and limited. For the sake of completeness, the weighted average interest rate for the Issuer's consolidated indebtedness 
at 31 December 2021 was 2.398 per cent. compared to 2.300 per cent. at 31 December 2020. The graph below shows the 
Issuer's consolidated indebtedness as of 31 December 2021. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
The Issuer had gross indebtedness of 833.38 million euros as of 31 December 2021 (compared to 657.17 million euros on 
31 December 2020). This indebtedness has different maturities: 43 per cent of the debt is repayable within 12 months, 48 
per cent. is repayable within 5 years and 9 per cent. is repayable after 5 years (compared to 34 per cent., 56 per cent. and 
10 per cent. respectively as of 31 December 2020). On 31 December 2021, the Issuer's indebtedness was composed of 30 
per cent. bank loans, 25 per cent. "stand-alone" "not-green" bond issues, 12 per cent standalone "green" bond issues and 
33 per cent of debt securities issued under CP, MTN and EMTN programmes. 
20.000 
20.000 
65.000 
40.000 
65.000 
25.000 
75.000 
18.000 
30.000 
8.100 
10.000 
2.500 
5.000 
28.750 
14.500 
5.000 
500 
0
10.000
20.000
30.000
40.000
50.000
60.000
70.000
80.000
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
Amounts in € '000
Maturities
"Standalone" Not Green Bonds - "Standalone" Green Bonds - EMTN - MTN
Situation on 31.12.2021
MTN
EMTN
"Standalone" Green Bonds
"Standalone" Not Green Bonds

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
Taking into account cash and cash equivalents and other current financial assets, consolidated net financial debt amounted 
to 742.43 million euros at 31 December 2021 (compared to 589.54 million euros at 31 December 2020). The ratio of net 
indebtedness to total assets (being the total consolidated indebtedness less cash and cash equivalent and other financial 
assets (current) (in each case, as set out in the relevant financial statements of the Issuer) to the consolidated assets (as set 
out in relevant financial statements of the Issuer)) as of 31 December 2021 was 60 per cent. (compared to 56 per cent. as 
of 31 December 2020).  
For more information, please refer to note 20 of the 2020 financial report and the net working capital statement.  
 
Taking into account the spread of the long-term maturities of the Issuer's consolidated indebtedness, the indebtedness is in 
line with the Issuer's financial policy and its development policy for its portfolio of 32 ongoing projects. 
 
10.7.2 Interest rate risks 
 
The financing of the Group and the financing of projects through the Group’s subsidiaries are provided based on a short-
term rate, the 1 to 12 month Euribor. When loans are made for longer durations (from two to five years), the Group contracts 
advances at a fixed rate or at a floating rate accompanied by a swap transforming the floating rate into a fixed rate (IRS). 
Within the framework of project financing, the banks authorize overdrafts of 1 to 12 months for the duration of the financing 
linked with the duration of the construction. Within this framework and taking into account the budgets prepared for each 
project, the impact of a rise in short- term rates is limited. The part represented by financial costs in the budget of a project 
represents between 3 and 6% of the total. Consequently, the sensitivity to a strong variation of the short-term rates remains 
relatively low and limited. 
 
10.8 
Selected financial information relating to the Issuer 
 
 
Consolidated figures

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Key figures ATENOR (in millions of 
€) 
 
 
 
2020 
2021 
Net results (group share) 
24.13 
38.07 
Current cash Flow (1) 
30.24 
38.51 
Capital and reserves 
261.21 
301.04 
Market capitalization 
401.21 
399.81 
 
(1) Net profits + depreciation, provisions and reductions in value. The consolidated financial statements were drawn up in 
accordance with the IFRS standards as adopted in the European Union.  
 
 
Figures per share (in €) 
 
 
 
2020 
2021 
Capital and reserves 
37.11 
42.77 
Current cash flow 
4.30 
5.47 
Net consolidated results (group share) 
3.43 
5.41 
Gross dividend 
2.42 
2.54* 
Net ordinary dividend 
1.694 
1.778* 
Number of shares 
7,038,845 
7,038,845 
* Subject to the approval of the Ordinary General Assembly on 22 April 2022 
 
10.9 
Investments  
 
Since 31 December 2021, the Group has not made any new investment.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
10.10 
Organizational structure 
 
Fraction of the capital held (directly or indirectly) by the Issuer: 
- 
90% in Freelex SPRL, Leaselex SPRL, Immo Silex SA and Luxlex SARL 
- 
100% in Immobilière de la Petite Ile and Rest Island SA 
- 
50% in Immoange SA, Victor Estates SA, Victor Properties SA Victor Bara SA and Victor Spaak SA 
- 
50% in CCN Development SA 
- 
50% in Markizaat SA and De Molens SA 
- 
100% in Hexaten SA

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
- 
50% in TBMB* BV 
- 
50% in Laakhaven Verheeskade II BV, Laakhaven Verheeskade II A BV, Laakhaven Verheeskade II B BV, 
Laakhaven Verheeskade II C BV, Laakhaven Verheeskade II D BV 
- 
100% in Atenor Luxembourg SA 
- 
50% in Lankelz Foncier sarl  
- 
100% in Square 42 SA 
- 
100% in Cloche d’Or Development SA 
- 
99% in BDS une fois SAS 
- 
100% in BDS deux fois SAS 
- 
100% in Victor Hugo SAS 
- 
100% in Wehrhahn Estate SA 
- 
100% in NRW Developpement SA 
- 
100% in Tage Une Fois Investimentos Imobiliarios SA 
- 
100% in Haverhill Investment sp zoo 
- 
100% in City Tower 
- 
100% in Hungaria Greens Kft 
- 
100% in Becsi Greens Kft 
- 
100% in Szeremi Greens Kft 
- 
100% in Lake Greens 
- 
100% in NOR Real Estate SRL 
- 
100% in NOR Residential Solutions SRL 
- 
100% in Brookfort Investments sp zoo 
 
10.11 
Management and corporate governance 
 
10.11.1 The Board of Directors 
 
The board of directors is the ultimate decision-making body of the Issuer, except in those areas reserved for the 
shareholders pursuant to the Company and Association Code or the articles of association of the Issuer. The role of the 
board of directors is to support the long-term success of the Issuer by organizing entrepreneurial leadership, on the one 
hand, and ensure risk assessment and management, on the other, while remaining attentive to the interests of all 
stakeholders. 
Each director is proposed on the basis of his or her personal knowledge and/or experience in order to ensure that the 
board of directors has at its disposal all the skills and qualifications it needs in order to assume its responsibilities. Each 
director must have the availability needed to carry out his or her obligations. 
The business address of each member of the board of directors corresponds to that of the Issuer. 
 
10.11.2 Composition 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors comprises eight directors:  
 
Directors 
Fonction 
Main functions exercised by the non-executive 
directors 
Mr Frank Donck  
Non-Executive director 
Chairman  
CEO of 3D_investors NV 
Stéphan Sonneville SA 
represented by Stéphan 
Sonneville 
Executive director 
Managing director 
CEO

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Mr Christian Delaire  
 
Independent director 
 
Senior Advisor of Foncière Atland 
 
Director of Cromwell European REIT 
 
Director of Covivio 
Investea SRL  
represented by Mrs. 
Emmanuèle Attout 
Independent director 
 
Director of AG Insurance SA 
 
Director of Oxurion NV, Director of Schréder SA 
 
Director of Eurocommercial Properties NV 
 
Director of Women on Board ASBL 
MG Praxis SRL (3) 
represented by Mrs 
Michèle Grégoire 
Independent director 
 
Lawyer at the Court of Cassation 
 
Professor and Chairwoman of the Center of Private 
Law at the “Université Libre de Bruxelles” 
Luxempart Management 
SARL  
represented by Mr John 
Penning 
Non-Executive director 
 
Managing Director of Luxempart SA 
Sogestra SRL  
represented by Mrs 
Nadine Lemaître 
 
Independent director 
 
Director of Orange Belgium SA 
 
Director of the ULB Foundation 
Mr Philippe Vastapane 
Non-Executive director 
 
Chairman of the Board of Alva SA 
 
 
10.11.3 Composition of the Executive Committee 
 
The Executive Committee is composed of the following members: 
 
Members 
Functions 
Mr Stéphan Sonneville for Stéphan Sonneville SA 
Managing Director, CEO  
Chairman of the Executive Committee 
Mr Sidney D. Bens 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr Laurent Collier for Strat UP SRL 
Executive Officer 
Mr William Lerinckx for Lerinvestimmo BVBA 
Executive Officer 
Mr Sven Lemmes for Weatherlight SRL 
Executive Officer 
 
The members of the Executive Committee headed by the CEO since 2005 have been performing their functions for more 
than twenty years. This duration demonstrates the strong stability in the management of the Group. 
 
The multidisciplinary of the Executive Committee and their professional experience enable them to understand and deal 
with every aspect of real estate development. The close collaboration developed over the years between the Executive 
Committee and the Board of Directors constitutes, for the shareholders of the Issuer and the financial market, proof of a 
sharing of a long-term vision for the development of the Issuer and of the performance levels expected, and also brings 
appreciation of the results obtained. For further information, please consult the Corporate Governance Statement of the 
2020 financial annual report (pages 33-47).

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
10.11.4 Conﬂicts of interest 
 
As a listed company, the Issuer must comply with the procedures set out in Article 7:96 of the Code of Companies and 
Associations concerning conflicts of interest within the board of directors and Article 7:97 of the Code of Companies and 
Associations concerning related-party transactions.  
 
According to the Code of Companies and Associations, each director and member of the executive committee must organise 
his or her personal and professional affairs in such a way as to avoid direct and indirect interests with the Issuer. The Issuer 
also declares that there is no potential conflict of interest between the functions performed on behalf of the Issuer by 
members of the board of directors and the executive committee and the personal interests or other functions of the latter. 
 
Article 7:96 of the Code of Companies and Associations provides for a special procedure which must be complied with 
when a director has a direct or indirect conflicting interest of a financial nature in a decision or transaction falling under 
the authority of the board of directors. No (potential) such interests have arisen and the procedure was not applied in 
financial year 2019 (except for the remuneration of the managing director, who did not attend the deliberations or participate 
in the vote concerning his remuneration, without the procedure provided for by the Code of Companies and Associations 
being applied as such). 
 
Frank Donck, Luxempart Management SARL,32 Stéphan Sonneville SA33 and Philippe Vastapane are the representatives 
of reference shareholders on the board of directors, in accordance with the shareholders' agreement concluded between 
them (see Section 6.11). 
 
10.12 
Major shareholders  
 
The Issuer's ownership structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus (based on the information provided by the 
shareholders in their transparency declarations) and/or information known to the Issuer is as follows: 
(1) Signatory of the shareholders' agreement 
(2) Managing director, companies controlled by Mr Stéphan Sonneville. 
 
The Issuer has five reference shareholders: 3D NV, Luxempart SA, Alva SA, Stéphan Sonneville SA and ForAtenoR SA. 
These shareholders have undertaken to support the Group in its development strategy by cooperating with the 
implementation of its business plan and contributing their skills. Their representatives on the Issuer's board of directors 
enable them to be actively involved in the Group's general policy and strategy. This balanced shareholder base, made up 
of stable companies with a proven track record in their respective sectors, has a long-term vision for its stake in the Group.  
 
                                                          
32 Represented by John Penning  
33 Represented by Stéphan Sonneville 
Number of shares
Holdings % Of which shares forming part of 
the joined shareholding
Holding
 %
ALVA SA (1) 
651.796
9,26
521.437
7,41
LUXEMPART SA (1) 
750.571
10,66
521.437
7,41
3D NV (1) 
891.815
12,67
521.437
7,41
FORATENOR SA (1) 
819.456
11,64
592.880
8,42
Stéphan SONNEVILLE SA(1)(2) & consorts
303.637
4,31
150.500
2,14
Subtotal
3.417.275
48,55
2.307.691
32,79
Own shares
0
0,00
Treasury shares
313.427
4,45
Public
3.308.143
47,00
Total
7.038.845
100,00

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
The stability of the reference shareholder base is embodied in a shareholders' agreement signed in November 2006, 
guaranteeing the Group's sustainability and development. This agreement was updated and extended in November 2016 
for a period of 5 years, tacitly renewable for two successive terms of 5 years. At 31 December 2021, the Issuer's reference 
shareholders together held 48.55% of the Issuer's share capital and voting rights, of which 32.79% is covered by the 
shareholders' agreement. The free float amounts to 47%. The shareholders' agreement constitutes an agreement in concert 
aimed at defining and implementing a sustainable common policy. It expresses the common vision of the shareholders with 
regard to the Issuer's strategy and common rules of governance for the benefit of all the Issuer's shareholders. The agreement 
provides for the representation of certain shareholders on the board of directors as well as a pre-emptive right for shares 
falling within the scope of the agreement. This agreement does not give rise to the exercise of control over the Issuer by 
the reference shareholders. 
 
The Issuer's corporate governance charter, independent directors and conflict-of-interest rules ensure that the Issuer is aware 
if any shareholder or group of shareholders seeks to exercise abusive control over it.  
 
In accordance with Article 74 of the Act of 1 April 2007, these shareholders have informed the Issuer that they hold in 
concert, on the date of entry into force of the Act, more than 30% of the Issuer's voting securities. The Issuer is not aware 
of any agreement likely to result in a change of control. In addition, all shares issued by the Issuer - including those held 
by the reference shareholders - have one voting right.  
 
10.12.1 Capital and authorised capital  
 
The Issuer's capital amounts to EUR 72,038,228.59 and is represented by 7,038,845 ordinary shares.  
 
The extraordinary general meeting of 24 April 2020 authorised the board of directors to issue new shares in the framework 
of the authorised capital and to increase the Issuer's capital, on one or more occasions, up to a maximum amount of EUR 
57,630,585.69. These capital increases may be carried out by way of cash subscriptions, contributions in kind or the 
incorporation of reserves. This authorisation was granted for a period of five (5) years from the date of its publication in 
the Moniteur belge/Belgisch Staatsblad, i.e. 28 April 2020. In the framework of this authorisation, the board of directors is 
authorised to restrict or cancel the pre-emptive right of shareholders, including in favour of one or more specified persons.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
11. 
SETTLEMENT 
 
The Notes will be accepted for settlement through the NBB Securities Settlement System. The appropriate common code 
and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The number of Notes in circulation at any time will be registered in the register of registered securities 
of the Issuer in the name of the NBB. 
 
Settlement of the Notes is subject to the applicable settlement regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on 
transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian royal decrees of 25 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of 
the clearing and its annexes, as issue or modified by the NBB from time to time. Transfers of possession of the Notes are 
effected between NBB Securities Settlement System participants in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of 
the NBB Securities Settlement System. Transfers between investors are effected in accordance with the respective rules and 
operating procedures of the NBB Securities Settlement System participants through which the relevant investors hold or 
will hold their Notes. Access to the NBB Securities Settlement System is available through those of its NBB Securities 
Settlement System participants whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes. NBB Securities Settlement 
System participants include certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen / sociétés de bourse), and Euroclear and 
Clearstream. Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore accepted by, Euroclear and Clearstream 
and investors can hold their Notes within securities accounts in Euroclear and Clearstream. 
 
The NBB Securities Settlement System is operated by the NBB, located at de Berlaimontlaan / Boulevard de Berlaimont 
14, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV (the "Agent") will perform the obligations of paying agent set out in (i) the clearing services agreement 
entered into on or about 11 February 2022 between the NBB, the Issuer and the Agent and (ii) the Agency Agreement. The 
initial Specified Office of the Agent (the "Specified Office") is Place Charles Rogier 11, 1210 Brussels, Belgium.  
 
The Issuer, the Dealers and the Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper performance by the NBB Securities 
Settlement System or its NBB Securities Settlement System participants of their obligations under their respective rules and 
operating procedures.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
12. 
TAXATION  
 
The following is a general description of certain Belgian tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be 
a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Belgium or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers 
of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date (or with retroactive effect).  
 
The tax legislation in force in any relevant jurisdiction, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax 
resident and in the Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the 
Notes. Investors should consult their own financial, legal and tax advisers before making an investment decision with 
respect to any Notes and carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes.  
Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise than as 
stated below. Investors should consult their professional advisers on the possible tax consequences of subscribing for, 
purchasing, holding or selling the Notes under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary residence or 
domicile. 
 
12.1 
Belgian taxation 
 
The following is a general description of the principal Belgian tax consequences for investors receiving interest in respect 
of, or disposing of, the Notes and is of a general nature. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of tax considerations 
relating to the Notes whether in Belgium or elsewhere. 
 
12.1.1 Belgian Withholding Tax 
 
Under current Belgian withholding tax legislation, all interest payments in respect of the Notes will be subject to Belgian 
withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent. on the gross amount of the interest, subject to such relief as may be 
available under applicable domestic law or applicable tax treaties.  
 
In this regard, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by, or on behalf of, the Issuer in excess of 
the initial issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or upon purchase by the Issuer) and (iii) if 
the Notes qualify as fixed income securities pursuant to Article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992 (Wetboek 
van de inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “BITC 1992”), the pro rata of accrued interest 
corresponding to the detention period in case of a disposal of the Notes between two interest payment dates to any third 
party, excluding the Issuer.  
 
However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made without deduction 
of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest the Notes are 
held by certain investors (the “Tax Eligible Investors”, see below) in an exempt securities account (“X-account”) that has 
been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a "Participant") in the NBB Securities 
Settlement System. Holding the Notes through the NBB Securities Settlement System enables Tax Eligible Investors to 
receive the gross interest income (i.e. free of withholding tax) on their Notes and to transfer the Notes on a gross basis. 
 
Participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System must keep the Notes they hold for the account of Tax Eligible 
Investors in an X-account, and those they hold for the account of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account 
(an "N-account"). Payments of interest made through X-accounts are free of Belgian withholding tax; payments of interest 
made through N-accounts are subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., which the NBB deducts from the payment 
and pays over to the Belgian tax authorities.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Tax Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction 
of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende 
voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier), which includes 
inter alia: 
a) Belgian resident companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the 
BITC 1992; 
b) institutions, associations or companies specified in article 2, §3 of the Belgian Law of 9 July 1975 on the control 
of insurance companies other than those referred to in (a) and (c) subject to the application of Article 262, 1° and 
5° of the BITC 1992; 
c) state-regulated institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security, or institutions which are 
assimilated therewith, provided for in article 105, 2º of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the 
BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot uitvoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal d'exécution 
du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (the "Belgian RD/ITC 1992"); 
d) non-resident investors whose holding of the Notes is not connected to a professional activity in Belgium, referred 
to in article 105, 5º of the Belgian RD/ITC 1992; 
e)  Belgian qualifying investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in article 115 
of the Belgian RD/ITC 1992; 
f)  taxpayers provided for in article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income generating capital for the 
exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are subject to non-resident income tax pursuant to 
article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
 
g)  the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with article 265 
of the BITC 1992; 
 
h)  collective investment funds (such as investment funds (beleggingsfondsen/ fonds de placement)) governed by 
foreign law being an indivisible estate managed by a management company for the account of the participants, 
provided that the fund units are not offered publicly in Belgium or otherwise marketed in Belgium; 
 
i) Belgian resident companies, not provided for under (a) above, when their activities exclusively or principally 
consist of the granting of credits and loans; and 
 
  j)  only for the income from debt securities issued by legal persons that are part of the sector public authorities, in the 
sense of the European system of national and regional accounts (ESA), for the application of the European 
Community Rule N° 3605/93 of 22 November 1993 on the application of the Protocol on the procedure in case of 
excessive deficits attached to the Treaty of the European Communities, the legal entities that are part of the 
aforementioned sector of public authorities. 
Tax Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or Belgian non-profit 
organisations, other than those referred to under (b) and (c) above. 
 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994, 
as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant eligibility rules. 
 
Transfers of Notes between an X-Account and an N-Account may give rise to certain adjustment payments on account of 
withholding tax: 
 
A transfer from an N-Account (to an X-Account or N-Account) gives rise to the payment by the transferor non-
Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from the last interest 
payment date up to the transfer date. 
 
A transfer (from an X-Account or N-Account) to an N-Account gives rise to the refund by the NBB to the transferee 
non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from the last interest payment

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
date up to the transfer date. 
 
Transfers of Notes between two X-Accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of withholding tax. 
 
Upon opening an X-Account with the NBB Securities Settlement System or a Participant therein, a Tax Eligible Investor is 
required to provide the Participant with a statement of its tax eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of 
Finance. There are no ongoing declaration requirements for Tax Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the 
Participants of any changes to the information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. However, Participants 
are required to provide the NBB annually with listings of investors who have held an X-Account during the preceding 
calendar year. 
 
An X-Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an "Intermediary") in respect of Notes that the 
Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the "Beneficial Owners"), provided, however, that each Beneficial Owner 
is a Tax Eligible Investor. In such case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a statement on a form approved by 
the Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself a Tax Eligible Investor, and (ii) the Beneficial Owners 
holding their Notes through it are also Tax Eligible Investors. A Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of 
its eligible status to the Intermediary. 
 
These identification requirements do not apply to Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, Euroclear France, 
Interbolsa and LuxCSD or any other central securities depositary, as defined by Article 2, §1, 1) of Regulation (EU) n° 
909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of July 23, 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European 
Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012 ("CSD"), acting as direct Participants to the NBB Securities Settlement System (each a "NBB-CSD"), provided 
that the relevant NBB-CSD (i) only holds X-Accounts (ii) is able to identify the Noteholders for whom it holds Notes in 
such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by this central securities depositary acting as Participants include 
the contractual undertaking that their clients and account owners are all Tax Eligible Investors. 
In accordance with the NBB Securities Settlement System, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an X-Account 
will, following the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from the Belgian tax authorities of 
an amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes from the last preceding interest payment date until 
the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the NBB Securities Settlement System. 
 
12.1.2 Belgian tax on income and capital gains 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
 
For individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to the Belgian personal income tax 
(personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a private investment, payment of the 30 per 
cent. withholding tax in principle fully discharges them from their personal income tax liability with respect to these interest 
payments. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes in their personal income tax return, 
provided withholding tax was effectively levied on these interest payments. 
 
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their personal income tax 
return. Where the beneficiary opts to declare them, interest payments will normally be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or 
at the progressive personal tax rate taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, whichever is more beneficial). 
If the interest payment is declared, the withholding tax retained may be credited against the taxpayer's personal income tax 
liability and any excess amount will in principle be refundable.  
 
Capital gains realised on the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except if the capital gains are realised outside 
the scope of the normal management of one’s private estate or except to the extent they qualify as interest (as defined in the 
section “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes held as a non-professional

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
 
Belgian resident companies 
 
Noteholders who are Belgian resident corporations, subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt 
des sociétés), are liable to corporate income tax on the income of the Notes and capital gains realised upon the disposal of 
the Notes, at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in principle 25 per cent. (subject to certain conditions, a reduced rate 
of 20 per cent. applies to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined by 
article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code).   
Any Belgian withholding tax retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be creditable against 
any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, all in accordance with the applicable 
legal provisions. Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are generally tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the BITC 1992. 
 
Belgian resident legal entities 
 
For a Belgian resident legal entity subject to the Belgian legal entities income tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des 
personnes morales), the withholding tax on interest will in principle constitute the final tax in respect of such income. 
Belgian resident legal entities holding the Notes in an N-Account will be subject to a withholding tax of currently 30 per 
cent. on interest payments. This tax constitutes the final levy for them and, in principle, fully discharges their income tax 
liability. Hence, if the income has been subject to withholding tax, they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the 
Notes. 
Belgian resident legal entities that qualify as Tax Eligible Investors and which consequently have received gross interest 
income are required (if such entities cannot invoke a final withholding tax exemption) to declare the interest and pay the 
applicable withholding tax to the Belgian Treasury themselves (which withholding tax then generally also constitutes the 
final taxation in the hands of the relevant investors). Belgian legal entities are in principle not liable to income tax on capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of the Notes (unless the capital gains qualify as interest as defined above in the Section 
“Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
 
Organisations for Financing Pensions ("OFP") 
 
Interest and capital gains derived on the Notes by Organisations for Financing Pensions (Organismen voor de Financiering 
van Pensioenen/Organismes de Financement de Pensions) within the meaning of the Law of 27 October 2006 on the 
activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision (Wet van 27 oktober 2006 betreffende het 
toezicht op de instellingen voor bedrijfspensioenvoorzieningen/Loi du 27 octobre 2006 relative au contrôle des institutions 
de retraite professionnelle) are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not 
tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax levied on the interest will be fully creditable 
against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable. 
Non-residents of Belgium 
 
Non-resident companies having allocated the Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium through a Belgian 
establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see above). 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the Notes through a Belgian 
establishment and do not invest the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional activity will in principle not incur or 
become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership or disposal of the 
Notes provided that they qualify as Tax Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X-Account.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
12.1.3 Tax on stock exchange transactions 
 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (Taxe sur les opérations de bourse / Taks op de beursverrichtingen) at the rate of 
0.12% (subject to a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per party and per transaction) will in principle be levied due upon the 
sale and purchase and any other acquisition or transfer for consideration of the Notes on the secondary market if (i) it is 
entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be entered into or carried out 
in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of 
Belgium, either by private individuals with habitual residence (gewone verblijfplaats/residence habituelle) in Belgium, or 
legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both, a "Belgian Investor"). A separate tax is due 
from each of the seller and the purchaser, both collected by the professional intermediary. No tax on stock exchange 
transactions will be due on the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
 
However, if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium by a 
Belgian Investor, the tax on stock exchange transactions will in principle be due by this Belgian Investor (who will be 
responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax 
due), unless that Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by 
the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. In such a case, the foreign professional intermediary also has 
to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (“bordereau”/”borderel”), 
at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must 
be numbered in series and a duplicate must be retained by the professional intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by 
a qualifying day-today listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium 
could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable towards the Belgian 
Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions due on behalf of clients that fall within one of the aforementioned 
categories (provided that these clients do not qualify as exempt persons for stock exchange tax purposes – see below) and 
for complying with the reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that 
respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the 
Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
 
However, the tax referred to above will be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account, including investors who 
are not Belgian residents (subject to the delivery of an affidavit to the professional intermediary confirming their non-
resident status) and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in Article 1261, 2º of the Code of miscellaneous duties 
and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers). 
As stated below, the tax on stock exchange transactions should be abolished once the Financial Transaction Tax proposed 
by the European Commission enters into force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States and therefore may be changed at any time. 
 
 
12.1.4 Tax on securities accounts  
 
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021, on the introduction of an annual tax on securities accounts, an annual tax 
is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve consecutives months starting on 1 October 
and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher than EUR 1 million. 
 
The tax is equal to 0.15% of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. The reference period 
normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The taxable base is determined based on four 
reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount of the tax is limited to 10 per cent. of the 
difference between the taxable base and the threshold of EUR 1 million.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether 
these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in Belgium or abroad. The tax also 
applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary 
established or located in Belgium. Belgian establishments from Belgian non-residents are however treated as Belgian 
residents for purposes of the annual tax on securities accounts so that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts fall within 
the scope of this tax. Note that pursuant to certain double tax treaties, Belgium has no right to tax capital. Hence, to the 
extent the tax on securities accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty 
protection may, subject to certain conditions, be claimed.  
 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each holder is jointly and 
severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration requirements for all holders.  
 
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own account. 
 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and foreign central 
banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 198/1, §6, 12° of the BITC 1992, 
(iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and 
supervision of credit institutions and investment companies and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 
of the Law of 25 October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold financial 
instruments for the account of customers. 
 
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. 
Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder of the securities accounts 
itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on securities accounts has already been withheld, declared 
and paid by an intermediary which is not established or located in Belgium. In that respect, intermediaries located or 
established outside of Belgium could appoint an annual tax on securities accounts representative in Belgium. Such a 
representative is then liable towards the Belgian Treasury (Trésor/Thesaurie) for the annual tax on securities accounts due 
and for complying with certain reporting obligations in that respect. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable 
for reporting obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an average value higher than 
EUR 1 million), the deadline for filing the tax return for the annual tax on securities accounts corresponds with the deadline 
for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes electronically, irrespective whether the Belgian resident is 
an individual or a legal entity. In the latter case, the annual tax on securities accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 
August of the year following the year on which the tax was calculated, at the latest. 
 
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, are also introduced: a rebuttable general anti-abuse 
provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. The latter cover (i) the splitting of a securities account into 
multiple securities accounts held at the same intermediary and (ii) the conversion of taxable financial instruments, held on 
securities account, into registered financial instruments 
 
Several requests for annulment of the law introducing the tax on securities accounts have been filed with the Constitutional 
Court. If the Constitutional Court were to annul the tax on securities accounts without upholding its effects, all taxpayers 
will be authorised to claim restitution of the tax already paid.  
 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the tax on securities accounts. 
 
12.2 
The proposed financial transaction tax  
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s Proposal") for a Directive for

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
a common financial transaction tax ("FTT"), to be levied on transactions in financial instruments by financial institutions 
if at least one of the parties to the transaction is located in the 'FTT-zone' as defined in the Commission's Proposal. It was 
approved by the European Parliament in July 2013. Originally, the adopted Commission's Proposal foresaw the financial 
transaction tax for 11 "Participating Member States" (Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia). However, on 16 March 2016 Estonia formally withdrew from the group of states willing 
to introduce the FTT. The actual implementation date of the FTT would depend on the future approval of the European 
Council and consultation of other EU institutions, and the subsequent transposition into local law.  
 
If the financial transaction tax is introduced, under current published proposals financial institutions and certain other parties 
would be required to pay tax on transactions in financial instruments with parties (including, with respect to the EU-wide 
proposal, its affiliates) located in the FTT-zone. The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its 
current form, apply to certain dealings in the Notes in certain circumstances. It is a tax on derivatives transactions (such as 
hedging activities) as well as on securities transactions, i.e. it applies to trading in instruments such as shares and bonds. 
The initial issue of instruments such as shares and bonds is exempt from financial transaction tax in the current 
Commission's Proposal. This means that the issuance and subscription of the Notes should not become subject to financial 
transaction tax. 
 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating 
Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, 
and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they were 
discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualisation of the tax as a 
contribution to the EU budget.  
 
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would be levied at 
a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares (including ordinary and any 
preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country venue, or of other securities equivalent 
to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g. an acquisition of Financial Instruments by means of 
an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a physical settlement of a derivative). The FTT would be payable to 
the Participating Member State in whose territory the issuer of a Financial Instrument has established its registered office. 
According to the latest draft of the new FTT proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. Like the Commission's 
Proposal, the latest draft of the new FTT proposal also stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating 
Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
 
As a consequence, Belgium should abolish the tax on stock exchange transactions once the FTT enters into force. 
 
However, the FTT Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. Further, 
its legality is at present uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
 
12.3 
Common Reporting Standard 
 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information will be governed by the Common Reporting

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Standard (“CRS”). 
On 31 January 2022, 115 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a 
multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent 
bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications.  
 
49 jurisdictions, including Belgium, have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first automatic 
information exchanges in 2017, relating to income year 2016. More than 50 jurisdictions have committed to exchange 
information as from 2018, one jurisdiction as from 2019 and 6 jurisdictions as from 2020. 
 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence standard, 
financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account balance or value, 
income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income generated with respect to 
assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by 
individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard 
includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct taxation 
(“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends 
the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
 
The Belgian governement has implemented DAC2, respectively the Common Reporting Standards, per the law of 16 
December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the 
Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax 
purposes (the "Law of 16 December 2015").  
 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in Belgium (i) as 
of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States (including Austria, irrespective 
the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other EU Member States is only foreseen as of 
income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect 
to any other non-EU States that have signed the MCAA, as of the respective date to be further determined by Royal Decree. 
In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it has been determined that the automatic provision of information must 
be provided as from 2017 (for financial year 2016) for a first list of 18 jurisdictions, as from 2018 (for financial year 2017) 
for a second list of 44 jurisdictions, as from 2019 (for financial year 2018) for 1 other jurisdiction and as from 2020 (for 
financial year 2018) for a fourth list of 6 jurisdictions. 
 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 16 December 2015, 
Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting state shall report financial 
information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who 
shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
 
12.4 
FATCA 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required 
to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements (“IGAs”) with the United States to implement FATCA, that modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of these rules to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
 
In Belgium, FATCA has been implemented through the Belgian Law of 16 December 2015 (Wet van 16 december 2015 tot 
regeling van de mededeling van inlichtingen betreffende financiële rekeningen, door de Belgische financiële instellingen en 
de FOD Financiën, in het kader van een automatische uitwisseling van inlichtingen op internationaal niveau en voor 
belastingdoeleinden / Loi du 16 décembre 2015 réglant la communication des renseignements relatifs aux comptes 
financiers, par les institutions financières belges et le SPF Finances, dans le cadre d'un échange automatique de 
renseignements au niveau international et à des fins fiscales). FATCA is particularly complex and its application is 
uncertain at this time. The above description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and IGAs as of the date hereof, 
all of which are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. Prospective investors should consult their 
tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
13. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Belfius Bank SA/NV and KBC Bank NV, (the 
"Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, the Dealers are set out in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus (the "Dealer Agreement") entered into between the Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement provides for 
the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. In the Dealer Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
update of the Dealer and the issue of Notes under the Dealer and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
 
13.1 
Selling restrictions 
 
13.1.1 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or  
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or  
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to a Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within  Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
13.1.2 Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the  Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA 2000”)and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of the UK Prospectus Regulation; or 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes.  
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
13.1.3 Prohibition of sales to consumers 
 
Other than in respect of Notes for which the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual qualifying as a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended 
from time to time (a “Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
any Consumer. 
 
13.1.4 United States of America 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States, except in certain transactions 
exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. TEFRA is not applicable. 
 
Accordingly, the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and 
in compliance with, Regulation S. 
 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
 
 
13.2 
 Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
by the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
13.3 
General 
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
14. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
14.1 
Authorisation 
 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 8 March 2022. The Issuer has 
obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue 
and performance of the Notes. 
 
14.2 
Listing of Notes 
 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II. 
 
14.3 
Information from third parties 
 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of the information 
is identified where used. 
 
14.4 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
 
14.5 
Significant or Material Change 
 
Since 31 December 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the financial performance or the financial position 
of the Issuer or the Group. Since 31 December 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group. 
 
14.6 
Documents available 
 
For the period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer (www.atenor.eu): 
 
(a) 
the articles of association of the Issuer (in French); 
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 December 2020 -; 
 
(d) 
the half year financial report dated 6 September 2021; 
 
(e) 
the intermediate press release regarding the third quarter 2021 dated 18 November 2021; 
 
(f) 
the press release dated 10 March 2022 comprising the  consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
financial year ending on 31 December 2021; and  
 
(g) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, including any supplement thereto, and any Final Terms. 
 
14.7 
Auditors 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 by Mazars Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL, with statutory seat at 1200 Brussels, avenue Marcel 
Thiry 77 B4, and registered under company number 0428.837.889 (RLE Bruxelles), represented by Mr Xavier Doyen, 
members of the Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises, who has given, and has not withdrawn, 
its consent to the inclusion of its report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. The statutory 
auditor of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 is EY Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL, with statutory seat at 1831 
Diegem, De Kleetlaan 2, and registered under company number 0446.334.711 (RLE Bruxelles), represented by Mr Carlo-
Sébastien D'Addario, members of the Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises ("EY"). EY 
confirmed that the  accounting information included in the press release of 10 March 2022 did not call for any reservations 
on its part and is consistent with the annual financial statements approved by the board of directors of the Issuer. 
 
14.8 
Material Contracts 
 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, which could result 
in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
 
14.9 
Settlement of the Notes 
 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through the NBB Securities Settlement System. The appropriate common 
code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
14.10 
Issue Price and Yield 
 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer, and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions 
and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield indicated will be calculated on the basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant issue 
date as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
 
14.11 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
15. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
A. Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each Member State in 
relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified Member 
State a “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction” and together the “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person making 
or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the 
Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) 
of the Prospectus Regulation” below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
B. Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any 
Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made 
during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving 
of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out 
under “Consent” and “Common Conditions to Consent” below. 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror with any 
applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in relation to any 
Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that 
Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt 
Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer 
is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or 
liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If, in the 
context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the 
Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on 
this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together referred to as the 
“Authorised Offerors” and each as an “Authorised Offeror”. 
C. Consent 
In connection with each Non-Exempt Offer of a Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under 
“Common Conditions to Consent”: 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the Issuer’s website (currently (https://www.atenor.eu/en/investors/financial-

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
communication/emtn/) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer; and 
General Consent 
(a) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”, the Issuer 
hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes by any other financial intermediary which 
satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer’s offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing on its 
website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed) (the 
“Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Notes] 
(the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final Terms”) published by 
Atenor SA/NV (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use 
of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in 
[specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the other conditions to such consent, 
each as specified in the Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms (if any), we hereby accept 
the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base 
Prospectus) and confirm that we are authorised under Directive 2011/65/EU to make, and are using 
the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Non-exempt Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and 
otherwise not defined shall have the meaning as given to such terms in the Base Prospectus.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms”, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary agrees 
in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(I) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) from time to time including, 
without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; 
(II) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which would 
apply as if the relevant financial intermediary were a Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer’s 
target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II product governance” 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(III) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or paid by 
the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules 
and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; 
(IV) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest 
in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(V) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” 
Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to 
establish and document the identity of each potential investor prior to initial investment in any Notes 
by the investor), and will not permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicion as to the source of the application monies;

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(VI) 
retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, 
and shall, if so requested, and to the extent permitted by the Rules make such records available to the 
relevant Dealer, the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules applying to the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
(VII) ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule 
or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation 
or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(VIII) immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware, or suspects, that 
it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms of this paragraph (A) and take all appropriate steps 
to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules and this paragraph (A) in all respects; 
(IX) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common conditions to consent” below and 
any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(X) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any applicable information booklet 
provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not contained 
in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; 
(XI) if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes 
of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure 
that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) 
states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the 
Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that 
none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and 
(C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), 
use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or 
logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such 
entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes 
on the basis set out in, and not inconsistent with, this Base Prospectus; 
(XII) ensure that no holder of Notes or potential investor in Notes shall become an indirect or direct client of 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the 
extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable 
Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(XIII) co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information (including, without 
limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further 
assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each 
case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by any such 
regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information is information that is available 
to, or can be acquired by, the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the Notes, the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer relating to 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, 
complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in relation to 
the Notes and/or to allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, 
tax and regulatory requirements; 
(XIV) during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at the Issue Price specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only 
sell the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not appoint 
any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any 
fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of 
the Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply with such other rules of 
conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
(XV) either (i) obtain from each potential investor an executed application for the Notes, or (ii) keep a record 
of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary management clients, 
(y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case prior 
to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so 
long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of its respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a “Relevant Party”) 
incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable 
costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated 
with any such investigation or defence) (a “Loss”) arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, 
any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the 
relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant 
financial intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the 
making by it of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has 
not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial 
intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
Loss. None of the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee 
for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to account to any other person for 
any amounts paid to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by the 
relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use this Base Prospectus with its consent in 
connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the “Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian law; 
(II) 
subject to (C)(IV) below, the Brussels courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out 
of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
“Dispute”) and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the Brussels courts; 
(III) 
for the purposes of (C)(II) and (IV), the relevant financial intermediary waives any objection to the 
Brussels courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute;

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(IV) 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions; and 
(V) 
each relevant Dealer will be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract 
which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, 
warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above who meets the conditions set out in paragraph (b) 
and the other conditions stated in “Common Conditions to Consent” below and who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, 
to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in the Member States as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions as specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS  
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND NON-EXEMPT OFFERS AND SALES 
OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO 
PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO 
ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT 
INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER 
HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
ISSUER 
Atenor SA 
Avenue Reine Astrid 92 
1310 La Hulpe 
Belgium 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11, 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
KBC Bank NV 
Avenue du Port 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer: 
NautaDutilh BV/SRL 
Chaussée de la Hulpe 120 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
To the Dealers: 
Linklaters LLP 
Rue Brederode 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021: 
Ernst & Young Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
De Kleetlaan 2 
1831 Diegem 
Belgium 
 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020: 
Mazars Réviseurs d’Entreprises SC 
Manhattan Office Tower 
Avenue du Boulevard 21 b8 
1200 Brussels 
Belgium