--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
ATLAS COPCO AB 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
ATLAS COPCO FINANCE DAC 
(incorporated with limited liability in Ireland) 
U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
in the case of Notes issued by Atlas Copco Finance DAC by 
ATLAS COPCO AB 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
Under this U.S.$3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Atlas Copco AB (“Atlas Copco”) 
and Atlas Copco Finance DAC (“Atlas Copco Finance” and, together with Atlas Copco, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) 
may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers (as defined below). References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Issuer” shall, in relation to any issue or proposed 
issue of Notes, be references to whichever of Atlas Copco or Atlas Copco Finance is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the 
relevant final terms document specific to such Tranche (the “Final Terms”). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by Atlas Copco Finance (the “Guaranteed Notes”) will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Atlas Copco (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”) under the terms of a Deed of 
Guarantee dated 18 July 2019 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Guarantee”). 
If the relevant Issuer is Atlas Copco, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable. 
Notes may only be issued under the Programme that have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the 
“Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Deed of Guarantee (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes) are discussed under “Risk Factors” beginning on page 5. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the 
quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “EU MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
(the “EEA”) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 2 ---
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be 
set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, 
Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin.  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings Ltd. (“Fitch”) have each issued credit ratings of Atlas Copco 
and the Programme. S&P is established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) the (“UK CRA Regulation”). Accordingly the ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is established in the 
United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EEA and has not 
applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation. As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by ESMA on its website. 
Tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme and the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating organisation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the administrator 
of STIBOR is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuers are 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union (the “EU”), recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
 
Arranger 
 
 
Citigroup 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Bank of China 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Nordea 
SEB 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 July 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, “EU Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declare that 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by the Final Terms specific to such Tranche or as supplemented by a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown 
Prospectuses” below. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in 
this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as 
a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto 
and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of Atlas Copco and, in respect of information relating to Atlas Copco Finance only, Atlas Copco Finance, has 
confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus contains all information 
which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering of the Notes) material; that such information is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does 
not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context 
of the Programme, the issue and offering of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Information Incorporated 
by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have independently verified the information 
contained herein or authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation 
or warranty or to the fullest extent permitted by law accepts any responsibility as to the content, accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or the Dealers or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers, the Guarantor or the issue and offering of the Notes. The 
Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save 
as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S. Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue 
code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF 
NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuers or the Guarantor. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be converted into U.S. dollars 
at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may 
be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined 
under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to 
that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member State of 
the EEA, references to “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United States dollars, references to “EUR” or “euro” 
or “€” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, and 
as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, 
references to “SEK” or “Kronor” are to Swedish Kronor. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for 
the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be 
an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Certain Financial Information: To supplement its financial statements presented in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), Atlas Copco uses certain ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus 
that would be considered Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”). These APMs are not based on financial statements 
standards and should not be considered as a substitute for financial information presented in compliance with IFRS. Atlas 
Copco believes that these APMs provide meaningful supplemental information by excluding items that may not be 
indicative of the operating result, financial position or cash flows of Atlas Copco. APMs enhance comparability from period 
to period and are frequently used by analysts, investors and other parties. However, undue reliance should not be placed 
on the APMs presented in this Base Prospectus. Atlas Copco has chosen to present APMs in accordance with the guidance 
by ESMA under “Description of Atlas Copco – Key Financial Data” as well as in separate appendices. See “Information 
incorporated by reference”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State will be made pursuant to 
an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its own particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated; 
(iv) 
thoroughly understand the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance 
yield by an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investors’ overall portfolios. A potential investor 
should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the 
assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effect on 
the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent 
(1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (the “FSMA”), and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
 
 
EU MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “EU MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
Any investment in the Guaranteed Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit 
protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Atlas Copco Finance is not and will not be regulated by the 
Central Bank of Ireland as a result of issuing any Series of Guaranteed Notes. 
Where Atlas Copco Finance wishes to issue Guaranteed Notes with a maturity of less than one year, it shall do so in full 
compliance with the notice issued by the Central Bank of Ireland of exemptions granted under Section 8(2) of the Central 
Bank Act, 1971 (as amended) of Ireland. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”). 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue under the Programme of the classification of the 
Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to each of the “relevant persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “plan”, 
“intend”, “aims”, “estimate”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-
looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, 
without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future 
operations of Atlas Copco and Atlas Copco Finance are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding Atlas Copco’s and Atlas 
Copco Finance’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. 
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Atlas Copco and/or Atlas Copco Finance speak only as at the 
date they are made. Atlas Copco and Atlas Copco Finance do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect 
any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based.

--- Page 7 ---
(vi) 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................................... 5 
Information Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................................................. 19 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................................. 20 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses .......................................................................................................................... 21 
Forms of the Notes .............................................................................................................................................................. 22 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes..................................................................................................................................... 24 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................................... 50 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form ................................................................................ 60 
Description of Atlas Copco ................................................................................................................................................. 63 
Description of Atlas Copco Finance ................................................................................................................................... 78 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................................................. 79 
Subscription and Sale.......................................................................................................................................................... 83 
General Information ............................................................................................................................................................ 88

--- Page 8 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be 
based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Conditions” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings 
in this overview. 
Issuers: ...................................  
Atlas Copco. 
Atlas Copco Finance. 
Legal Entity Identifiers: .......  
Atlas Copco: 213800T8PC8Q4FYJZR07. 
Atlas Copco Finance: 549300ZF2VKZ1G5T2U85. 
Guarantor: ............................  
Atlas Copco. 
Arranger: ...............................  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited. 
Dealers: ..................................  
Bank of China Limited, London Branch, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and any other Dealer appointed from time to 
time by the Issuers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: ..........................  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: ..........................  
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as 
supplemented by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: ............  
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
Clearing Systems: .................  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount:  
Up to U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate principal 
amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series: .................  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches issued 
on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Forms of Notes: .....................  
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in 
the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Bearer Note which is not 
intended to be issued in a new global note form (a “CGN”), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Bearer Note which is intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global 
Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons 
attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: ............................  
Notes may be denominated in U.S. dollars, euro or Kronor or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: ...............  
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Status of the Guarantee: ......  
Notes issued by Atlas Copco Finance will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor.  
 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(a) 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among such obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed 
Notes of the same issue and at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor, present or future. 
Substitution: ..........................  
The terms of the Notes permit the substitution of the relevant Issuer, without the 
consent of Noteholders, for a subsidiary of Atlas Copco as principal debtor in respect 
of any Series of Notes issued under the Programme, subject to satisfaction of the 
conditions as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Substitution”. 
Issue Price: ............................  
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price 
and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: .............................  
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds 
are received by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the 
United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
GBP 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant 
Issuer. 
 
Where Atlas Copco Finance wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of less than one 
year, it shall ensure that it is in full compliance with the conditions set out in Notice 
BSD C01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland dated 12 November 2002 and in 
accordance with an exemption granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 
1971 (as amended) of Ireland and the Notes must be issued and transferable in 
minimum amounts of EUR 125,000 or the foreign currency equivalent. 
Redemption: ..........................  
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount (detailed in a 
formula or otherwise) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
 
Optional Redemption: ..........  
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: ..................  
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early redemption will only be 
permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase—
Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: .................................  
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at 
a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of calculating interest may vary between 
the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Benchmark Event: ................  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then such Rate of Interest may be substituted (subject to certain 
conditions) with a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (with consequent amendment to 
the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an Adjustment Spread (which 
could be positive, negative or zero) as described in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.  
Denominations: .....................  
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), or 
(b) carry the right to acquire shares (or transferable securities equivalent to shares) 
issued by the relevant Issuer or by any entity to whose group the relevant Issuer 
belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Notes may be issued under the Programme in minimum Specified Denominations and 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
Negative Pledge: ....................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in Condition 5(a) 
(Certain Covenants—Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: .......................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in Condition 12 (Events 
of Default). 
Taxation: ...............................  
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of withholding taxes of 
the Kingdom of Sweden and Ireland unless the withholding is required by law. In that 
event, the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor will 
(subject as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: ....................  
English law. 
Ratings: ..................................  
S&P has assigned the Atlas Copco a long-term rating of “A+” and a short-term rating 
of “A”. Fitch has assigned Atlas Copco a long-term issuer default rating of “A+” and 
a short-term rating of “F1”. 
 
S&P has assigned a long-term issue credit rating of “A+” to the Programme. Fitch has 
assigned a rating of “A+” to the Programme.  
 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme and, 
the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form:.......................  
 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against the relevant Issuer will 
be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 23 July 2021 a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: ..............  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
the distribution of offering material in the United States of America, the United 
Kingdom, the Kingdom of Sweden, Belgium, Ireland and Singapore, see 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme or (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes) under the Deed of Guarantee, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors 
associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor and the industry in which they operate together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment in 
any Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the relevant Issuer or (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor that are not currently known, or that they currently deem immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or 
financial position of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and, if any such risk should 
occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into five categories based on their nature. These categories are:  
● 
risks related to Atlas Copco’s business and industry; 
● 
risks related to Atlas Copco’s financing; 
● 
legal, regulatory and compliance risks; 
● 
risks related to the Notes; 
● 
risks related to Irish law. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria 
set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after 
the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential effect of their 
materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within 
that category, when compared to risk factors in another category. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any 
document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice 
from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes issued under the Programme or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) under the Deed of Guarantee is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
Risks Related to Atlas Copco’s Business and Industry 
The Group’s products are used in industries, which are either cyclical or affected by general economic conditions. 
The demand for the Group’s products and services is affected by changes in customers’ investment plans and production 
levels. Customers’ investment plans could change materially in the case of a widespread financial crisis and economic 
downturn, or in the case of an economic downturn in a particular industry, country or region. Financial crises or economic 
downturns may also have an effect on customers’ ability to finance their investments. Economic conditions may be affected 
by various events that are beyond the Group’s control, such as natural disasters and epidemics (e.g., the outbreak of the 
coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”)). As COVID-19 has developed into a global pandemic, the COVID-19 pandemic itself, 
the related containment measures and the economic downturn or global power struggles continue to cause high uncertainty 
to global trade, geopolitics or trajectories of economies. The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected the demand for most 
of the Group’s products and continued to have a dampening effect on the business climate throughout 2020. The future 
development of the COVID-19 situation remains uncertain and depends on the spread of the virus, the emergence of new 
strains and the response of the local authorities and the global community, including in respect of the efficacy of vaccines 
and the success of vaccination programmes. The global COVID-19 pandemic may further amplify the uncertainties the 
Group faces. Increased uncertainties may relate, for example, to the economic, political or legal development in the 
countries or regions the Group’s customers or the Group operates in, and the actions, preferences or behaviour of the 
Group’s competitors, customers, suppliers, employees or other stakeholders. 
Changes in the political situation in a region or country or political decisions affecting an industry or country could also 
materially affect investments in equipment. Reduced replacement needs of existing production capacity, new competing 
technologies, competitive pressures and other economic factors in its customer industries could also have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Although the Group believes that its sales are

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
 
well diversified adverse developments involving global or regional political, economic and financial factors discussed 
herein could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
If the Group fails to develop, launch and market new products, respond to technological development or compete 
effectively, its business and revenues may suffer. 
The Group’s long-term growth and profitability are dependent on its ability to develop and successfully launch and market 
new products. The Group’s revenues and market share may suffer if it is unable to successfully introduce new products in 
a timely fashion or if new or enhanced products or services are introduced by its competitors that its customers find more 
advanced and/or better suited to their needs. While the Group continuously invests in research and development to develop 
products in line with customer demand and expectations, if it is not able to keep pace with product development and 
technological advances, including shifts in technology in the markets in which it operates, or to meet customer demands, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The markets for the Group’s products are competitive in terms of pricing, product design and service quality, the timing of 
development and introduction of new products, customer service and financing terms. The Group faces competition from 
significant competitors and to a lesser extent from small regional companies. If the Group does not compete successfully 
in all of its business areas and does not anticipate and respond to changes in market demands, including for new products, 
it will not be able to compete successfully in its markets, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results 
of operations and financial condition. One of the challenges in this respect is to continuously develop innovative, 
sustainable products that consume less resources, such as energy, water, steel and human effort, over the entire life cycle 
of the product. Product development efforts also reflect national and regional legislation, including in the United States and 
the EU, on issues, such as emissions, noise, vibrations and recycling. There may even be an increased risk of competition 
in emerging markets where low-cost products are not affected to the same extent by similar regulation. 
The planning and implementation of the Group’s business operations seeks to take into account market opportunities and 
opportunities to acquire new businesses. The Group’s long-term development is affected by business development risks 
that are related to unanticipated changes in market situations and the introduction of new products. Any failure in the 
Group’s business development could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in prices of certain raw materials and components in its production and it relies 
on third party suppliers. 
The Group is exposed to component and raw material prices, some of which are volatile and subject to fluctuations arising 
from changes in supply and demand, economic conditions, labour costs, competition, market speculation, government 
regulation and trade policies. The Group is, for example, dependent on steel, copper, electronic components, machining 
and drivetrain for its manufacturing and the Group’s financial performance is, therefore, influenced by fluctuations in prices 
of said components and materials. The Group may have a limited ability to control the timing and amount of changes to 
prices that it pays for components and raw materials and the Group may be unable to increase its prices in sufficient time 
to absorb increasing prices. A delay or failure in the Group’s ability to pass on price increases to its customers could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group’s products consist of components and raw materials from several different suppliers. To be able to manufacture, 
sell and deliver its products, the Group is dependent on deliveries from its suppliers in accordance with agreed requirements, 
such as quantity, quality and time of delivery. Using a large number of suppliers gives rise, for example, to the risk that 
products contain components that are not sustainably produced (e.g., the use of hazardous substances or electronic 
components containing conflict minerals). Suppliers’ incorrect deliveries or failure to fulfil agreed deliveries could cause 
delays or failures in the Group’s deliveries, which, in turn, may cause reduced sales and a decline in customer confidence. 
Further, the Group has several long-lasting relationships with suppliers. If a supplier is unable or unwilling to continue to 
make deliveries to the Group, its products do not meet the Group’s requirements with respect to quality, price or other 
standards, or should a supplier terminate its operations, the Group may not be able to identify and develop a suitable 
relationship with a new supplier who can satisfy the Group’s standards in terms of quality and price and the Group’s need 
to access products and supplies in a timely and efficient manner. In addition, supply interruptions could arise from shortages 
of raw materials, labour disputes (involving the Group’s employees or consultants as well as the employees or consultants 
of the Group’s partners), weather conditions affecting products or shipments, transportation disruptions or other factors 
beyond the Group’s control. In addition, a steep ramp up of customer demand may affect the Group’s suppliers’ ability to 
meet the increased demand, in particular if the Group fails to provide its suppliers with sufficient information and the right 
conditions in order to manage swift changes in volumes. The loss of, or a substantial decrease in the availability of, products 
from the Group’s suppliers, the loss of key suppliers, or a failure by suppliers to continue to supply the Group with 
components and raw materials, in sufficient quantities, in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms could put 
pressure on the Group’s operating margins and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
 
If the Group’s manufacturing and production facilities are damaged, destroyed or closed for any reason, its ability to 
distribute its products will be significantly affected. 
The Group has a global manufacturing strategy based on manufacturing core components complemented with sourcing of 
other components from suppliers. The core component manufacturing is concentrated into a few locations and if these 
facilities are destroyed or closed for any reason, or the equipment in the facilities is significantly damaged, or there are 
severe interruptions or lack of capacity in these locations, the Group is likely to face setbacks in its ability to manufacture 
and distribute its products. Materialisation of any of these risks could also have an adverse effect on the quality of the 
Group’s products. Such circumstances, to the extent it is unable to find an alternative manufacturing and production facility 
or repair the damaged facilities or damaged equipment in a timely and cost-efficient manner, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is dependent on the efficiency of its distribution centres and its customer centres’ sales and service 
organisation. 
The Group distributes its products and services directly to the end customers, but also through distributors and rental 
companies. The bulk of the physical distribution of products passes through distribution centres owned by Atlas Copco. 
Should the distribution centres not be efficient or be subject to disruptions, it could adversely affect, among others, customer 
satisfaction and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s revenues and results of operations. In addition, damages and 
losses that happen during the course of distribution can be costly. 
The customer centres in each market are typically responsible for contacts with the end customers as well as the delivery 
of service to them. Should the customer centres’ sales and service organisation not be able to successfully sell products and 
perform service, or be subject to disruptions, it could have an adverse effect on the Group’s revenues and results of 
operations. Furthermore, some sales are made indirectly through distributors and rental companies, and disruptions or 
failures by distributors or rental companies to successfully sell products and perform service could have an adverse effect 
on the Group’s revenues and results of operations. 
Any difficulties the Group encounters relating to the integration of recent or future acquisitions or divestments could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group expects its growth to be primarily organic. From time to time, the Group evaluates acquisitions in the core areas 
of its business to complement its existing technology and product portfolio, to gain access to new markets, for strategic 
reasons, and to create synergies. Consequently, it has acquired several new businesses every year and it intends to continue 
to acquire businesses that it believes fit its long-term strategy. The process of coordinating and integrating acquired 
businesses with the Group’s own business, and making them operate as one business within the Group, has required and 
will continue to require managerial and financial resources. In addition, the integration process could also cause the 
interruption to, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of its business, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations. 
The management of integration of the businesses, systems and culture of any acquired business requires, among other 
things, the continued development of its financial and management controls, including the integration of information 
systems and structure, the integration of product offerings and customer base and the training of new personnel, any of 
which could disrupt and place a strain on the Group’s management resources as well as require significant expenditure. 
Any significant diversion of the Group’s executive management’s attention and other resources or any major difficulties 
encountered in the integration of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. Acquisitions may also result in the Group having to record goodwill on its balance 
sheet. See “—Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets impairments could adversely affect the Group”. 
In agreeing to acquire new businesses, the Group makes certain assumptions and determinations on, among other things, 
future sales and need for capital expenditures, based on its investigation of the respective businesses and other information 
then available. While the Group believes it is well positioned to assess the opportunities and risks associated with these 
acquisitions, the Group cannot provide assurance that its assumptions and determinations will prove to be correct and 
liabilities, contingencies or losses, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Group may also divest existing businesses or parts thereof. Carrying out corporate divestments involves risks relating 
to the successful implementation of a divestment. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to divest assets in 
a profitable way, or that such divestments will be possible on acceptable terms, or at all, and any failure thereof could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group’s operating results depend on its good reputation. 
The Group’s reputation is a valuable asset which can be affected in part through the operation or actions of the Group and 
in part through the actions of external stakeholders. If, for example, the Group’s products do not deliver the brand promise,

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
 
this could cause reputational issues, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
or results of operations. In addition, there is potential for reputational risk from non-compliance to product labelling 
standards or if there are cases of false advertising. The Group’s reputation may also be affected by a number of factors 
outside the Group’s control, such as changes in customer preferences and customer perception. 
In addition, the Group’s customers may be involved in questionable practices or exposed to problems concerning 
environmental and human rights issues, which may taint the reputation of the Group. Risks to the Group’s reputation may 
also arise from the relationship with suppliers not complying with internationally accepted ethical, social, and 
environmental standards. There can be no assurance that the Group’s customers will abide by internationally accepted 
standards and practices in all cases. Unsatisfied employees may also potentially damage the Atlas Copco brand. Any 
damage to the Group’s brand could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to climate change and other environmental risks. 
The primary drivers for external environmental risk are from physical changes in climate and natural resources, changes in 
regulations, taxes and resource prices. The effects of climate change presents enormous challenges to society as a whole. 
The Group assesses climate-related risks and opportunities with an actual and potential impact on the Group’s business and 
strategy. Market, regulatory and physical risks related to climate change are part of the risks identified and assessed.  Market 
shifts toward a low-carbon economy may impact the viability of certain sectors and products. Climate and energy policy 
in the coming decades will gradually be sharpened and there are risks related to, for example, increased energy prices and 
taxes, and regulations related to carbon dioxide or other greenhouse-gas emissions. See “—Changes in environmental laws 
and regulations could adversely affect the Group”. Physical risks from climate change include rising of sea levels, water 
scarcity, changes in weather conditions, such as an increase in changes in precipitation and extreme weather events, any of 
which could disrupt the Group’s operations. 
In addition, the Groups manufacturing and production facilities could damage the environment. The Group is exposed to 
risks relating to, for example, pollution, contamination on land through handling of hazardous waste and other similar 
environmental risks. Climate change and other environmental risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group’s insurance policies may provide insufficient protection. 
The Group’s insurance programmes cover, inter alia, property and business interruptions insurance, product liability 
insurance, cargo insurance, financial lines insurance, business travel insurance and specialty risk insurance, to the extent 
and for amounts considered to be in line with industry practice. However, the Group is not fully insured against all possible 
risks and insurance coverage for all types of risks may not be available, at a reasonable cost or at all. Hence, if an accident 
were to occur causing damage in excess of the applicable insurance limits or not covered by insurance, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to attract and retain key personnel or skilled employees. 
The success of the Group’s business and its growth strategy depend in large part on the ability to attract and retain key 
management and operating personnel. The Group’s future growth and ultimately its success depends on its ability to hire 
and retain qualified personnel with the level of expertise, knowledge of its products or industry necessary to conduct its 
operations. Given that the Group constantly needs to introduce new or enhanced products, it is important that it is able to 
attract people with sufficient expertise in its product areas, particularly its research and development organisations. See 
“—If the Group fails to develop, launch and market new products, respond to technological development or compete 
effectively, its business and revenues may suffer” above. 
The Group continuously monitors its need to employ people or outsource certain parts of its non-core manufacturing in 
order to make sure it can fulfil its customers’ orders. If the Group fails to monitor its need for additional employees or if it 
fails to continue to attract and retain highly qualified management and other skilled employees on acceptable terms it may 
not be able to sustain or further develop parts of its business. In addition, accidents or incidents at the workplace due to the 
lack of the application of proper safety measures, or other events that cause dissatisfaction among employees, could 
adversely affect productivity and the Group’s reputation as an employer. 
Work stoppages or strikes could adversely affect the Group’s business. 
Many of the Group’s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Group cannot provide any assurance 
that it will not encounter strikes or other disturbances occasioned by its unionised labour force, or that, upon the expiration 
of existing agreements, it will be able to reach new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or without work 
stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions. Unsatisfactory terms of any bargaining agreements could cause the Group’s 
labour costs to increase, which would affect its profit margins negatively. In addition, it is required to consult and seek the 
advice of its employee works’ council in respect of a broad range of matters, which could delay or prevent the completion

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
 
of certain corporate transactions. The Group cannot provide any assurance that it will not experience lengthier consultations 
or even strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any industrial action could disrupt its operations, 
possibly for a significant period of time, and result in increased wages and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group could experience a failure in or breach of its IT systems and the Group may encounter problems relating to 
storage and processing of personal data. 
The Group relies on IT systems in its day-to-day operations. The Group’s IT systems may be damaged or interrupted by 
increases in usage, human error, natural hazards or disasters or similarly disruptive events. Any disruptions or faults to the 
Group’s IT systems could directly affect production and lead to significant costs and disruptions that could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Errors in financials systems of the 
Group can also adversely affect the Group’s financial reporting. In addition, cyber threats and other security threats could 
exploit possible weaknesses in the Group’s IT systems and security controls, which could result in leakage of sensitive 
information, theft of intellectual property, production outage or damage to the Group’s reputation. 
The Group is also exposed to the risk that the customer data, including personal data, which it processes could be wrongfully 
accessed, distributed or used, whether by employees or third parties, or otherwise lost, disclosed or processed in breach of 
data protection laws and regulations. If the Group or any of the third-party service providers on which it relies fails to 
process, store or protect such customer data in a secure and lawful manner, or if any such theft or loss of personal data were 
otherwise to occur, the Group could face liability, including substantial fines, under data protection laws and regulations. 
This could also result in damage to the Group’s brand and reputation as well as the loss of existing or new business, any of 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks Related to Atlas Copco’s Financing 
Should the current credit market conditions deteriorate, the Group could encounter difficulty in repaying its debts and 
financing its operations and effectively managing its credit and counterparty risk. 
The Group’s ability to finance its operations depends on a number of factors, such as the availability of cash flows from 
operations and access to additional debt and equity financing, and there can be no assurance that such funds will be 
available. In addition, adverse developments in the credit markets, as well as other future adverse developments, such as a 
deterioration of the overall financial markets and a worsening of general economic conditions, may adversely affect the 
Group’s ability to borrow additional funds as well as the cost and other terms of funding. Increases in market interest rates 
would increase the Group’s net interest cost. The failure to obtain sufficient funding for operations or the increased costs 
or unfavourable terms of financing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Further, difficulties the Group may encounter in financing its capital investments may prevent the 
realisation of its strategic plans and could result in the Group having to forego opportunities that may arise in the future. 
This could, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Group’s competitive position. 
The Group is also exposed to credit risk. The Group’s products and services are sold to customers in industries that typically 
experience fluctuations in demand based on economic or political conditions, and other factors beyond the Group’s control. 
See also “—The Group’s products are used in industries, which are either cyclical or affected by general economic 
conditions”. The Group may experience a loss of revenue if a significant number of customers are unable to pay amounts 
due to the Group on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. The Group is also exposed to credit risk on financial transactions as the Group could incur losses 
as a result of non-payment by counterparties to the Group’s investments, bank deposits or derivative transactions. Although 
stringent credit policies are applied, there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful in preventing the 
realisation of credit and counterparty risk that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risk of currency fluctuation. 
The Group sells its products in over 180 countries, and, consequently, it records both cost and revenues in a variety of 
foreign currencies. The Group incurs foreign currency transaction risk because its operating costs are primarily in euro, as 
well as other currencies such as Swedish krona and the British pound, while a significant portion of its sales are 
denominated in other currencies, principally the U.S. dollar. For example, a strengthening in the EUR currency rate against 
all other currencies with +5 per cent. would have a negative impact on the cash flow and profit before tax of SEK 
602 million, and a weakening would have a positive impact of SEK 602 million. The Group’s business areas seek to 
respond to exchange rate movements that affect their operating environments. The Group decides from time to time if parts 
of any transaction exposure should be hedged. However, there has historically been limited hedging and there can be no 
assurance that any hedging measures will shield the Group from significant currency risk exposure and consequent risks. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that significant movements in currency exchange rates will have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
 
The Group also incurs foreign currency translation risk to the extent that its subsidiaries’ assets, liabilities, revenues and 
expenses are recorded in currencies other than the Swedish krona. The main currency, besides the Swedish krona, in which 
the Group has assets is the euro. The Group’s practice is to reduce foreign currency translation risks through loans in 
currencies where the Group has assets. In order to prepare consolidated financial statements, the Group must translate those 
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into their respective reporting currencies at then-applicable exchange rates. 
Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the Swedish krona versus other currencies will affect the amount of 
these items in their financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. These translations 
could significantly affect the Group’s other comprehensive income and book value of equity. 
Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets impairments could adversely affect the Group. 
The valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet is, to a significant degree, 
based on the Group’s management’s projections of future cash flows using internal business plans and forecasts. The Group 
tests for impairment of goodwill as of 30 September each year and whenever there is any indication that an asset may be 
impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. An impairment loss is 
recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount (i.e., the greater of 
the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use). Impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets, including as a 
result of changes in assumptions used to test impairment, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of 
operations and financial condition. Acquisitions may also result in the Group having to record goodwill on its balance 
sheet. Annual impairment tests are made also on acquired goodwill. If the carrying values are not deemed justified in such 
tests, it can result in a write-down, adversely affecting the Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
The Group’s governance, internal controls and compliance processes could fail to prevent regulatory penalties, 
reputational harm and fraud, both at operating subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
The Group operates in a global environment, and its activities straddle multiple jurisdictions and complex regulatory 
frameworks at a time of increased enforcement activity and enforcement initiatives worldwide in areas such as competition 
law, anti-corruption and trade sanctions. The Group’s governance and compliance processes attempt to, but may not 
prevent, breaches of law or governance standards at the Group. The Group also faces the risk of corruption, fraud or other 
illegal acts by its employees as well as violations at subsidiaries and other companies in which the Group has an interest, 
particularly if the Group has only a minority stake and does not control accounting and conduct or other rules and protocols 
for the conduct of business. The Group’s failure to comply with applicable laws and other standards could subject it to 
fines, loss of operating licenses and reputational harm. Effective internal controls are necessary for the Group to provide 
reliable financial reports and effectively prevent and detect fraud. If the Group cannot provide reliable financial reports or 
prevent fraud, it could have a material adverse effect on Atlas Copco’s and the Group’s financial results. Additionally, at 
the operational level, individual employees may not comply with the Group’s policies and guidelines and as a result may 
cause the Group to incur compliance costs and incur reputational damage. Inadequate internal controls could also cause 
reporting errors that could result in management drawing wrong conclusions and investors and other third parties to lose 
confidence in the Group’s reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, estimations often form a large portion of the Group’s 
reported sustainability data, and, thus, by its nature, the reported information may not be representative of the Group’s 
impact. 
Changes in environmental laws and regulations could adversely affect the Group. 
Like most industrial companies, the Group affects the environment in its production processes, through the use of natural 
resources, and the generation of emissions and wastes, in the distribution of, as well as in the use and final disposal of its 
products. Compliance with environmental requirements is a significant factor in its operations, and substantial resources 
are required to maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and to manage environmental 
risks. The Group is subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, in particular in relation to air emissions, 
waste management and the protection of natural resources. These laws and regulations, the violations of which can lead to 
substantial fines, injunctions or criminal penalties, have generally become stricter in recent years and may in the future 
become more stringent and the cost of complying with future changes may be substantial. In addition, the Group could also 
become subject to liabilities and claims relating to personal injury (including exposure to substances used in its production), 
property damage or damage to natural resources. 
The Group may become subject to further legislation and regulation regarding climate change, and compliance with any 
new rules could be difficult or costly to comply with. Concerned parties, such as legislators and regulators, shareholders 
and non-governmental organisations, as well as companies in many business sectors, are considering ways to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions, including increasing energy and fuel taxes. Various governmental and local regulatory and 
legislative bodies have proposed legislative and regulatory measures relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas 
emissions and energy policies. If such legislation is enacted, the Group could incur increased energy, environmental and

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
 
other costs and capital expenditures to comply with the limitations imposed by any enacted legislation and/or regulatory 
measures. Furthermore, the Group could face increased costs related to defending and resolving legal claims and other 
litigation related to climate change and the alleged impact of its operations on climate change. 
Although the Group believes that it is in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, substantial 
environmental costs and liabilities are inherent in industrial operations and there can be no assurances that substantial costs 
and liabilities will not be incurred in the future or that the adoption of increasingly strict environmental laws, regulations 
and enforcement policies will not result in increased costs and liabilities in the future. Any such costs and/or liabilities 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is subject to health and safety laws and regulations, and failure to comply with health and safety laws, 
regulations and standards could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group is subject to a broad range of health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Health and safety laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent and the protection standards to which the Group 
must adhere are becoming more rigorous. The cost of complying with, and the liabilities and the potential sanctions imposed 
pursuant to breaches of, applicable health and safety laws and regulations could be significant on a Group level. Non-
compliance could result in civil and criminal sanctions, loss or suspension of permits, temporary or permanent closure of 
operations, lawsuits and other claims by third parties (including liability for personal injury and property damage). 
Increased compliance costs, or a failure to adhere to increasingly demanding health and safety standards, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Accidents and other incidents at the Group’s manufacturing and production facilities that could lead to personal injuries or 
damage to property due to lack of proper safety measures could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation 
and business. Any failure to maintain high levels of safety management could also result in sickness causing disturbances 
in the Group’s production. 
If the Group is unable to protect its intellectual property, the value of its technology and products could be adversely 
affected. 
The Group’s intellectual property is important to its business. In particular, the Group’s portfolio of brand names is an 
integral part of its strategy. While the Group has sought to protect its trademarks by registration in each of the countries in 
which it has deemed it to be commercially reasonable, there can be no assurances that the Group’s actions are or will be 
sufficient to protect its intellectual property. The Group cannot give any assurance that its competitors do not seek to utilise 
its trademarks and logos when they market their products thereby infringing or challenging its intellectual property rights. 
In addition, existing laws of some countries in which it conducts business may offer only limited protection of its 
intellectual property rights, if at all. If the Group’s intellectual property and in particular its registered trademarks cannot 
be protected, for whatever reason, the Group’s business could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group may be exposed to product liability and warranty claims. 
The manufacture and sale of products to be used in the various industries in which the Group operates poses the potential 
for warranty claims and product liability. While the Group tests its products and raw materials to ensure that they meet the 
relevant specifications and regulations, it may be subject to product and warranty liability claims. While the Group believes 
that testing of the Group’s products is adequate and that the Group’s products comply with all relevant safety regulations, 
the Group cannot provide assurance that product liability or warranty liability will not arise despite the measures the Group 
takes to ensure that its products are safe and meet applicable safety specifications and regulations. 
In addition, the Group also relies on its customers and other third parties to use its products according to the products’ 
design. Although it is unlikely that the Group would be held liable for damages resulting from improper use by a third 
party, its brand name and image could be harmed from such occurrence. 
The Group may be required to pay additional taxes as a result of tax audits and tax reassessments. 
Due to the international nature of its business, the Group is subject to the tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where 
the Group operates. One example is transfer pricing rules. Pursuant to such rules, related enterprises must conduct any 
inter-company transactions on an arm’s length basis and must provide sufficient documentation thereof, subject to the 
applicable rules of the relevant jurisdiction. Tax authorities may challenge the Group’s compliance with applicable transfer 
pricing rules. In addition, the Group faces the risk of increased taxes due to the implementation of new tax rules or 
regulations. The Group is also regularly subject to local tax investigations initiated by local tax authorities and faces the 
risk that tax authorities or other regulators have different interpretations of tax legislation than the Group.

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
 
The Group is subject to competition and antitrust laws and inspections. 
The Group is active in a large number of jurisdictions and its operations are subject to a wide range of competition and 
antitrust laws, rules and regulations. In general, these laws are designed to preserve free and open competition in the 
marketplace in order to enhance competitiveness and economic efficiency. There is a risk that the Group’s employees, in 
violation of the Group’s policies and instructions, engage in discussions, transactions or in any other way interact with 
competitors or customers in breach of applicable competition and antitrust laws, any of which actions could cause the 
Group to incur civil or criminal liability, reputational damage and could result in loss of customer confidence. The Group 
may become subject to inspections, investigations and/or proceedings by national and supranational competition and 
antitrust authorities for alleged infringements of competition or antitrust laws. Fines and damages claims for competition 
and antitrust infringements can be significant and, if successfully levied or successfully claimed, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to regulatory and additional risks associated with international operations. 
The Group sells its products in over 180 countries, with the majority of its products originating from countries in Western 
Europe. Changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers, trade sanctions, price or exchange controls or 
other governmental policies in the countries in which it conducts business may result in risks, such as (i) effective legal 
redress in the courts of such jurisdictions, whether in respect of a breach of law or regulation or in an ownership dispute, 
being more difficult to obtain, (ii) a higher degree of discretion on the part of governmental authorities, (iii) the lack of 
judicial or administrative guidance on interpreting applicable rules and regulations, (iv) inconsistencies or conflicts 
between and within various laws, regulations and decrees, or (v) relative inexperience of the judiciary and courts in such 
matters. Also, the protection of intellectual property rights may be less developed and less strictly enforced in these 
countries. There can be no assurance that the Group’s licenses, license applications or other legal arrangements or the 
effectiveness of the enforcement thereof will not be adversely affected by the actions of government authorities or others. 
In addition, the uncertainty of the legal environment in certain regions could limit the Group’s ability to enforce its rights 
under contracts or otherwise. 
The Group also has extensive operations in emerging markets, including China, India, Russia and other former CIS 
countries, South America, Africa and the Middle East. Its business operations in these countries may be subject to various 
political, economic and social conditions and risks, which include nationalisation of assets, social, political or economic 
instability, volatility in currency exchange rates and in gross domestic product or restrictions on repatriation of profits and 
transfers of cash any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Operations in emerging markets may present risks that are not encountered in countries with well-
established economic and political systems, including economic instability, which could make it difficult for the Group to 
anticipate future business conditions in these markets. The Group also operates in countries with high risk of human rights 
abuse, including child labour, forced or compulsory labour, poor working conditions, limitations on the freedom of 
association and discrimination. Human rights related issues could have a material effect on the Group’s business and 
reputation. 
Risks Related to the Notes 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes. 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of those features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the relevant Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a 
lower interest rate for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those 
Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest bearing securities. Generally, the longer 
the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
Zero Coupon Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value. Instead of periodic 
interest payments, the difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity 
and reflects the market interest rate. A holder of zero coupon notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such notes falls 
as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of zero coupon notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate 
Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing notes with a similar 
maturity. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks”. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including EURIBOR and STIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA 
or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: 
(i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark”. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) 
referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in 
relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 25 
November 2020, the euro risk-free rate working group published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. The final recommendations are expected to be published during the second quarter of 2021. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or

--- Page 21 ---
14 
 
 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original Reference Rate 
and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements 
include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both 
as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
An Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However, the applicable Adjustment Spread may not be 
effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (with the 
application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either case) an applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the ultimate fallback for the purposes 
of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor 
Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory 
developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the international or 
national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Risks Related to Notes Generally. 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated. 
The Group’s operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. Accordingly, Atlas Copco is, and will be, dependent 
on its subsidiaries’ operations to service its payment obligations in respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes). Moreover, Atlas Copco Finance is a special-purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the 
purpose of raising debt for the Group. Atlas Copco Finance conducts no business or revenue-generating operations of its 
own. Atlas Copco Finance has no subsidiaries and will rely on payments (including principal and interest) from Atlas 
Copco and other subsidiaries in the Group to whom it has on-lent the proceeds of any debt securities issued by it in order 
to make payments on any Notes issued by it. This is known as structural subordination, i.e., any claims in respect of the 
Notes issued by Atlas Copco or the Deed of Guarantee will be structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt 
securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Atlas Copco’s subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively 
subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all Atlas Copco’s and its subsidiaries’ secured creditors. The Notes 
issued by Atlas Copco will not be guaranteed by any of Atlas Copco’s subsidiaries or any other company or person. In the 
event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of Atlas 
Copco’s subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and obligations that may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application will generally have the right to be paid in full before any 
distribution is made to Atlas Copco. This structural subordination results from the group structure, and is different from 
contractual subordination. The Notes are not contractually subordinated, see Condition 4 (Status of the Notes and the 
Guarantee). 
Modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass 
resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions stipulate defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign 
the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority.

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
 
The Conditions also provide that the Notes and the Conditions may be amended without the consent of Noteholders in 
order to correct a manifest error and that the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, 
provided that the relevant Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or is, in the opinion of such parties, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Change of law. 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice or Swedish law or 
administrative practice, as the case may be, after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely 
on their procedures for transfers, payments and communications with the relevant Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except 
in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the 
Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, if applicable, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interest in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or 
more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are 
not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an 
integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally. 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and 
credit risk. 
The secondary market generally. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may 
not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) will 
make any payments under the Deed of Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
Interest rate risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the 
value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless 
such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, the market, other additional risk factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, 
third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third 
country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing 
pre- 2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the 
UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and 
their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: 
(1) Notes are legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk based capital or similar 
rules. 
Risks Related to Irish Law  
Centre of main interests. 
Atlas Copco Finance has its registered office in Ireland. Under Regulation (EU) No. 2015/848 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the Recast EU Insolvency Regulation), Atlas Copco 
Finance’s centre of main interest (“COMI”) is presumed to be the place of its registered office (i.e., Ireland) in the absence 
of proof to the contrary and provided that Atlas Copco Finance did not move its registered office within the three (3) months 
prior to a request to open insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
 
As Atlas Copco Finance’s COMI is presumed to be Ireland, any main insolvency proceedings in respect of Atlas Copco 
Finance would fall within the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland. As to what might constitute “proof to the contrary” 
regarding the location of a company’s COMI, the key decision is that in Re Eurofood IFSC Ltd ([2004] 4 IR 370 (Irish 
High Court); [2006] IESC 41 (Irish Supreme Court); [2006] Ch 508; ECJ Case C-341/04 (European Court of Justice)), 
given in respect of the equivalent provision in the previous EU Insolvency Regulation (Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000). 
In that case, on a reference from the Irish Supreme Court, the European Court of Justice concluded that “factors which are 
both objective and ascertainable by third parties” would be needed to demonstrate that a company’s actual situation is 
different from that which the location of its registered office is deemed to reflect. For instance, if a company with its 
registered office in Ireland does not carry on any business in Ireland, that could rebut the presumption that the company’s 
COMI is in Ireland. However, if a company with its registered office in Ireland does carry on business in Ireland, the fact 
that its economic choices are controlled by a parent undertaking in another jurisdiction would not, of itself, be sufficient to 
rebut the presumption.  
As Atlas Copco Finance has its registered office in Ireland, has a majority of Irish resident directors and it is registered for 
tax in Ireland Atlas Copco Finance does not believe that factors exist that would rebut the presumption that its COMI is 
located in Ireland, although this would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide based on the circumstances 
existing at the time when it was asked to make that decision. If Atlas Copco Finance’s COMI was found to be in another 
EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, main insolvency proceedings would be opened in that jurisdiction instead. Upon an 
insolvency of Atlas Copco Finance, Noteholders would likely be required to seek to recover any amounts due under the 
Guaranteed Notes through an Irish law insolvency procedure. 
Preferred creditors. 
If Atlas Copco Finance becomes subject to insolvency proceedings and Atlas Copco Finance has obligations to creditors 
that are treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to the Noteholders, the Noteholders may suffer losses as 
a result of their subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, under Irish law, the claims of 
unsecured creditors of Atlas Copco Finance rank behind other creditors (including fees, costs and expenses of any examiner 
appointed, certain capital gains tax liabilities and claims of the Irish Revenue Commissioners for certain unpaid taxes) and, 
is the case of an insolvency of Atlas Copco Finance, this may have a material adverse effect on the ability of Noteholders 
to recover amounts due under the Guaranteed Notes. 
Examinership. 
Examinership is a court moratorium/protection procedure which is available under Irish company law to facilitate the 
survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which has its COMI in Ireland is, or is likely to be, 
unable to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed on a petition to the relevant Irish court under Section 509 of the 
Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended, the “Irish Companies Act”). Atlas Copco Finance, the directors of Atlas 
Copco Finance, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of Atlas Copco Finance, or shareholders of Atlas Copco 
Finance, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the voting share capital of Atlas Copco Finance 
are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, has the power to 
halt, prevent or rectify acts or omissions, by or on behalf of the company after his appointment and, in certain circumstances 
a negative pledge given by the company prior to his appointment will not be binding on the company. Furthermore, where 
proposals for a scheme of arrangement are to be formulated, the company may, subject to the approval of the court, affirm 
or repudiate any contract under which some element of performance other than the payment remains to be rendered both 
by the company and the other contracting party or parties. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme of arrangement to assist 
in the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going concern. A scheme of arrangement 
may be approved by the relevant court of Ireland when a minimum of one class of creditors, whose interests are impaired 
under the proposals, has (i) voted in favour of the proposals, (ii) the relevant court of Ireland is satisfied that such proposals 
are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and whose 
interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement and (iii) the proposals are not unfairly 
prejudicial to any interested party. 
If an examiner were appointed while any amounts due by Atlas Copco Finance under the Guaranteed Notes were unpaid, 
the primary risks to the holders of Guaranteed Notes would be as follows: 
(i) 
the Fiscal Agent, acting on behalf of Noteholders, would not be able to enforce rights against Atlas Copco Finance 
during the period of examinership; 
(ii) 
a scheme of arrangement may be approved involving the writing down of the debt due by Atlas Copco Finance to 
the Noteholders irrespective of the Noteholders’ views; 
(iii) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and Atlas Copco Finance subsequently goes into 
liquidation, both the examiner’s and liquidator’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
 
incurred by the examiner on behalf of Atlas Copco Finance and approved by the relevant court of Ireland) will 
take priority over the monies and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by 
Atlas Copco Finance to the Noteholders under the Guaranteed  Notes or the transaction documents in connection 
therewith; 
(iv) 
while a company is under the protection of the court, no action can be taken to enforce guarantees against persons 
who have guaranteed the debts of the company. Whether this prohibition under Irish law would be effective in the 
pursuit of a foreign guarantee is a matter of the governing law of the guarantee and/or the guarantor’s residence; 
and 
(v) 
where a creditor receives notice of a meeting of creditors convened by the examiner to consider and vote on his 
proposals for a scheme of arrangement and that creditor’s debt is guaranteed by a third party, then the creditor 
must, within very tight deadlines, offer the guarantor the opportunity to attend and vote at the meeting in place of 
the creditor. If this offer is not made in writing within the statutory time period, the creditor loses its right to pursue 
the guarantor pursuant to the guarantee.

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Atlas Copco, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS 
(including the auditors’ reports thereon) in respect of: 
(a) 
the year ended 31 December 2019 set out on pages 13 to 38 and 44 to 48 and 51 to 128 of the 2019 annual 
report 
of 
Atlas 
Copco 
available 
at 
www.atlascopcogroup.com/content/dam/atlas-
copco/corporate/documents/investors/financial-publications/english/20200306-annual-report-
2019.pdf; and 
(b) 
the year ended 31 December 2020 set out on pages 13 to 37, 44 to 48 and 51 to 125 of the 2020 annual 
report 
of 
Atlas 
Copco 
available 
at 
www.atlascopcogroup.com/content/dam/atlas-
copco/corporate/documents/investors/financial-publications/english/20210311-annual-report-
2020.pdf;   
2. 
the audited financial statements of Atlas Copco Finance, which have been prepared in accordance with the 
Financial Reporting Standards published by the Financial Reporting Council (Irish GAAP) (including the 
auditors’ reports thereon) in respect of: 
(a) 
the year ended 31 December 2019 set out on pages 12 to 31 of the 2019 Directors’ report and audited 
financial statements of Atlas Copco Finance available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/5820f8e3-acc6-4e2b-9c3b-3f7bf788d4fa.pdf; and 
(b) 
the year ended 31 December 2020 set out on pages 14 to 45 of the 2020 Directors’ report and audited 
financial statements of Atlas Copco Finance available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/610a56b4-3f91-4074-9a94-dcd94fe30107.PDF; 
3. 
the reviewed consolidated financial statements of the Atlas Copco in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2021 
set out on pages 9 to 19 of the interim report of Atlas Copco in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2021 
available 
at 
https://www.atlascopcogroup.com/content/dam/corporate/cision/20210716_Second-
quarter_report_2021.pdf;  
4. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 53 of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
7 May 2012 (the “2012 Conditions”);  
5. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 18 to 39 of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
19 August 2016 (the “2016 Conditions”); 
6.  
the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 48 of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 18 July 
2019 (the “2019 Conditions”);  and 
7. 
the two appendices “Q2 2021 Key Figures” available at www.atlascopcogroup.com/en/investor-relations/key-
figures/key-financials.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be used by the relevant Issuer for general corporate purposes, including 
repayment of debt. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the relevant Issuer, and, in relation to Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes 
and of its impact on the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be. In relation to the different types of Notes 
which may be issued under the Programme, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor have endeavoured to include in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms 
or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant Final Terms unless any of such 
information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case 
such information, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be 
contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
supplement this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by either (1) a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Notes and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and the Deed of 
Guarantee; or (2) by a registration document (the “Registration Document”) containing the necessary information relating 
to the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, a securities note (the “Securities Note”) 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Deed of 
Guarantee and, if necessary, a summary note. In addition, if the Drawdown Prospectus is constituted by a Registration 
Document and a Securities Note, any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in the Registration Document which arises or is noted between the date of the Registration Document and the date 
of the Securities Note which is capable of affecting the assessment of the relevant Notes will be included in the Securities 
Note.

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”), 
without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note 
(each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Any reference in this section “Forms of the Notes” to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear shall, whenever the context permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system approved by the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the 
“Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for 
the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced 
that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 
and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C 
Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to 
the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days (including unilateral rights to rollover or extend), 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that TEFRA D rules are applicable and the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Notes will only be delivered outside the United States. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global 
Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the 
relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in 
the certificates of non U.S.-beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Notes”) if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then 
if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, 
in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business, (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs, or (c) the 
relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms and 
conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
supplement those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form”. 
Legend Concerning United States Persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 364 days (including unilateral rights to rollover or 
extend), the Global Notes, the Definitive Notes and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
“Any United States person (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of the United States) who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.”

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on 
each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form 
will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Atlas Copco AB (“Atlas Copco”) and Atlas Copco Finance DAC (“Atlas Copco Finance”) 
(each an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”) have established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to U.S.$3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes 
(the “Notes”). The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by Atlas Copco Finance 
(the “Guaranteed Notes”) will be guaranteed by Atlas Copco (the “Guarantor”). If the Issuer is Atlas 
Copco, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) which supplements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 23 July 
2021 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together 
with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any successor or additional 
paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
Deed of Guarantee: The Guaranteed Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 18 July 2019 
(such deed of guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed 
of Guarantee”) entered into by the Guarantor. 
(e) 
The Issuers have, in relation to Notes issued under the Programme, executed a deed of covenant (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 23 July 2021. 
(f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
“Noteholders”) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the 
“Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection by Noteholders 
during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified 
Offices of which are set out below. 
 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Applicable Maturity” means (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate and, (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity; 
“Attributable Debt” means, with respect to any Sale/Leaseback Transaction, the lesser of (a) the fair 
market value of the property or other assets subject to such transaction and (b) the present value 
(discounted at a rate per annum equal to the discount rate of a capital lease obligation with a like term in

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
 
accordance with IFRS) of the obligations of the lessee for net rental payments (excluding amounts on 
account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges and 
contingent rent(s) during the term of the lease; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” means that 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will 
be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar 
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred; and 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Clean-up Call Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Consolidated Net Tangible Assets” shall mean the aggregate amount of Atlas Copco’s consolidated 
total assets, after deducting therefrom: (a) all liabilities due within one year and (b) all formation 
expenses, intangible rights, goodwill on consolidation, trade names, trademarks, patents, and other like 
intangible assets, as shown on Atlas Copco’s audited consolidated balance sheet contained in its latest 
annual report to its shareholders; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
Where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
 
Where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
306 
Where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
“Debt” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed, whether incurred, assumed or 
guaranteed, other than trade credit in the ordinary course of business; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which 
is calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation; 
“Exempted Debt” means the sums, without duplication, of the following items to the extent such items 
are outstanding as of the date Exempted Debt is being determined; (i) Debt of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and their respective Subsidiaries incurred after the date of initial issuance of the Notes and secured by 
Liens created, incurred, assumed or suffered to exist (other than any Permitted Security Interests) and (ii) 
Attributable Debt of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries in respect of

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
 
Sale/Leaseback Transactions entered into after the initial issuance of the Notes (other than permitted 
Sale/Leaseback Transactions); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Guarantee of the Notes” means the guarantee of the Guaranteed Notes given by the Guarantor in the 
Deed of Guarantee;  
“Guaranteed Notes” means Notes issued by Atlas Copco Finance and guaranteed by Atlas Copco; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 “Lien” means, with respect to any Property, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, assignment by way of 
security or subject to a proviso for redemption, hypothecation or security interest or any other agreement 
or arrangement having the effect of conferring security in respect of such Property. For the purposes of 
the Notes, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries shall be deemed to own, subject to 
a lien, any Property which it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any 
conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such Property; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any relevant time a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Atlas Copco: 
(A) 
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated 
financial statements, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, as the case 
may be) represents not less than 10 per cent. of the total consolidated assets or the gross 
consolidated revenues of Atlas Copco and its Subsidiaries, all as calculated by reference to the 
then latest audited financial statements (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of Atlas Copco; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary 
which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary;  
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Security Interests” means: 
(i) 
Liens on the Property of an entity existing at the time such Property was acquired by any of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries (whether by merger, consolidation, 
purchase of assets or otherwise) or existing at the time the entity became a Subsidiary; provided, 
however; that that such Liens (i) are not created, incurred or assumed in connection with, or 
contemplation of, such Property being acquired by the Issuer, the Guarantor or such Subsidiary 
and (ii) do not extend to any other Property of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries; 
(ii) 
Liens arising in relation to any Project Finance Debt; 
(iii) 
Liens to secure the purchase of, or created in connection with the financing of, all or any part of 
the purchase price or cost of the acquisition, purchase, construction, development, extension or 
improvement by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries (in each case, 
whether alone or in association with others) of, or of any right or interest in or in respect of, any 
Property, or to secure any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of or within 12 months after the 
completion of such acquisition, purchase, construction, development, extension or improvement 
for the purpose of financing or refinancing all or any part of such purchase price or cost; 
provided that (i) the Lien relates only to (a) that Property (including without limitation any 
Property forming part of or connected with the same project or development), or products from 
that Property, or revenue or profit from that Property or such products or (b) any right or interest 
in or in respect of that Property, or products from that Property, or revenue or profit from that 
Property or such products and (ii) the Lien secures no more than the purchase price or other 
consideration (including, without limitation, royalties) paid for, or cost of acquisition, purchase, 
construction, development, extension or improvement, of that Property or any right or interest 
in or in respect of that Property, including any financing or refinancing costs associated with 
such purchase price or cost; 
(iv) 
Liens imposed or required by statute or operation of law (but not through any act or omission 
to act on the part of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries); and 
(v) 
any extension, renewal, refunding or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals, 
refundings or replacements), as a whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in clauses (i) to (iv), 
inclusive, for amounts not exceeding the principal amount of indebtedness secured by such Lien 
so extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements thereon or additions or accessions thereto 
as permitted in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Project Finance Debt” means any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset solely for purposes of 
financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, improvement or development 
of such asset where the financial institutions to which such indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to 
the applicable project borrower (where such project borrower is formed solely or principally for the 
purpose of the relevant project) and/or to such asset (or any derivative asset thereof) or any other similar 
non-recourse indebtedness which is properly regarded as project finance debt;

--- Page 38 ---
31 
 
 
“Property” of any Person means all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed property 
(including any related contractual rights) owned by such Person whether or not included in the most 
recent consolidated balance sheet of such Person under IFRS; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Clean-up Call Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means (i) Brussels, where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or (ii) 
Stockholm, where the Reference Rate is STIBOR; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over the counter market); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate;

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Sale/Leaseback Transaction” means any arrangement with any Person that provides for the leasing by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any of their respective Subsidiaries, for an 
initial term of three years or more, of any Property or other asset, whether now owned or hereafter 
acquired, which is to be sold or transferred by the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes to such Person for a sale price of U.S.$40,000,000 
(or the equivalent thereof or more); 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“STIBOR” means the interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is 
calculated in accordance with the framework of the Stibor Committee appointed by Financial 
Benchmarks Sweden AB (or any other person or persons which take over the administration of that rate) 
based on interbank borrowing rates provided by contributor banks; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET 2” means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is 
“not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; 
(ix) 
references to “the Issuer” shall be to the Issuer identified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
and reference to “the Issuers” or “any of the Issuers” shall be to each Issuer (as defined in 
Condition 1(a)); and 
(x) 
if the Issuer is Atlas Copco, references herein to Guarantor and Deed of Guarantee, and related 
expressions, are not applicable.  
 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified 
Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in those conditions are not applicable. Title to the Notes 
and the Coupons and Talons will pass by delivery. The “holder” means the holder of such Note and “Noteholder” 
and “Couponholder” shall be construed accordingly. The holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any 
right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes and the Coupons constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(a) (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Guaranteed Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis the due and punctual payment of all sums from time 
to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the Guaranteed Notes. The obligations of the Guarantor under 
the Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(a) (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
such obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed Notes of the same issue and at least pari 
passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor, present or future.  
 
Certain Covenants 
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, 
and the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will, create or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest, except for any Permitted Security Interests, upon the whole or 
any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
 
thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the 
Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
(b) 
Limitation Upon Sale/Leaseback Transactions: So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, none of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor nor any of their respective Subsidiaries may enter into any Sale/Leaseback 
Transaction without equally and rateably securing the Notes, unless either (a) the Exempted Debt of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries, after giving effect to such transaction, would not 
exceed 15 per cent. of the Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, or (b) the Issuer or the Guarantor, within 
12 months after such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, applies to the retirement of Debt of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their respective Subsidiaries which is not subordinate to the Notes, an amount equal to the 
greater of (i) the net proceeds of the sale or transfer of the property or other assets which are the subject 
of such Sale/Leaseback Transaction and (ii) the fair market value of the property or other assets so leased 
(in each case as determined by the Issuer or the Guarantor). The foregoing restriction shall not apply to 
any transaction between the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
pursuant to which such Subsidiary sells or transfer assets to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Reference Banks Agent shall: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Reference Banks Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Reference Banks Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Reference Banks Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Reference Banks Agent 
is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate Determination): 
“Reference Banks Agent” means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker 
appointed by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation: If Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
 
specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified hereon as applicable) and determined as follows: 
(i) 
one rate as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Event: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the Issuer, in consultation 
with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions 
provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably 
manner and after consultation with the Issuer) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate and in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as 
defined and as further described below) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “IA Determination 
Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such 
next succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(f)  during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 7(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent further operation of this Condition 7(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 
7(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
7(f)); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 7(f)(ii), the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after 
consultation with the Issuer) shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed 
as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this 
Condition 7(f); 
(iv) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 7(f) and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(f)(v), without any requirement for the

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall 
(at the Issuer’s expense and direction), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(f), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading; and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under 
this Condition 7(f). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 7(f), the Original Reference Rate 
and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7(c) will continue to apply unless and until the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 7(f)(v). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(f), neither the Fiscal Agent nor the Calculation 
Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 7(f) which, in the sole opinion of the Fiscal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of (i) exposing the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the 
rights or protections, of  the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) in the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(f), if in the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent’s (as applicable) opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or the Independent Adviser thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable)  is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination 
for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and/or the Independent Adviser (as the case may be) thereof and 
the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.  
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent shall 
be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect 
thereof. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f):  
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer) determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
 (if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the 
Issuer) determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer) 
determines in accordance with Condition 7(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(f)(iv); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; 
(ii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(iv) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i); 
(v) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (i);  
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to 
this Condition 7(f) shall act in good faith as an expert and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 7(f);

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate”) shall include any such Successor Rate of 
Alternative Rate); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank , reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank , reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, where a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 7(f)(ii), such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(i) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(j) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(k) 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 11 (Taxation) or the Guarantor would, if a demand was made under the Guarantee of 
the Notes become obliged for reasons outside its control to pay such additional amounts, in each 
case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of 
Sweden or Ireland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and  
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver or 
procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer, 
or as the case may be, two directors of the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
 
pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Make Whole call at the option of the Issuer: If the Make Whole Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, or if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date 
(the “Make Whole Redemption Date”) at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100 per cent. of 
their principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon to the Maturity Date or, if Par Call Period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date, discounted at the 
Benchmark Rate, as defined herein, plus a Make Whole Redemption Margin (the “Make Whole 
Redemption Amount”) on the Issuer giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next 
sentence) and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in 
such notice on the relevant Make Whole Redemption Date at the Make Whole Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date). Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be 
subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's 
discretion, the Make Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not 
occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make Whole Redemption Date, or by the 
Make Whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(d) (Make Whole call at the option of the Issuer): 
“Benchmark Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption. 
“Comparable Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes and which is 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes. 
“Determination Agent” means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes). 
“Make Whole Redemption Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or the Comparable Bond. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption or (B) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of at least two banks selected by the Determination 
Agent, or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” mean, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
 
its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by 
the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 9(f), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a 
duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder 
of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other 
than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) or Condition 9(d) (Make Whole call at the option of the Issuer)) the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in such 
notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Clean-up Call Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any interest accrued to but excluding the 
date set for  redemption.  
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(g) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are 
purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed pursuant to paragraph (a) to (g) of this Condition 9 (Redemption and 
Purchase) will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) and may not be reissued or resold. Notes purchased pursuant to paragraph (j) of 
this Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation (and 
those cancelled may not be reissued or resold). 
 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency, 
which, except as provided below under (c) must be outside the United States (in the case of a sterling 
cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
“Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount 
of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 9(g) (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made 
in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden, 
Ireland or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as 
will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Note or 
Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor become subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than Ireland or the Kingdom of Sweden, references in these Conditions to Ireland or the Kingdom 
of Sweden shall be construed as references to Ireland or the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such other 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
 
 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of any principal in respect of the Notes on the due date 
for payment thereof or any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 15 days of the due date for 
payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes and such default 
remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor and to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross default: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary in the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of, EUR 50,000,000 or more or its equivalent in any other 
currency is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace 
period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of, EUR 50,000,000 or 
more or its equivalent in any other currency becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of acceleration thereof following default 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due or, as the case may 
be, within any originally applicable grace period any amount payable by it under any Guarantee 
of any Indebtedness in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of, EUR 50,000,000 or more 
or its equivalent in any other currency; 
provided that, in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii) above, it shall not be an Event of Default if such Indebtedness 
has not been paid as a result of a bona fide dispute that is being contested in good faith and by appropriate 
proceedings and in respect of which sufficient and proper reserves in cash or other rapidly realisable 
liquid assets have been made in accordance with IFRS; or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary become insolvent or is unable to 
pay their debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
Material Subsidiary or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of  the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), 
(iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary takes any action for a readjustment or deferment 
of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of 
any Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on 
all or substantially all of its business; or 
(e) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, except for the purpose of and followed 
by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of 
a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to 
or otherwise vested in Atlas Copco, or another Material Subsidiary; or 
(f) 
Loss of control of Atlas Copco Finance: If Atlas Copco Finance ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned 
and controlled, directly or indirectly, by Atlas Copco; or 
(g) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Ireland or the Kingdom of Sweden has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (e) above; or 
(h) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or 
done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise its respective 
rights and perform and comply with its respective obligations under and in respect of the Notes and, in 
the case of the Guaranteed Notes, the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, the Coupons and, in the case of the Guaranteed

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
 
Notes, the Deed of Guarantee, admissible in evidence in the courts of Ireland and the Kingdom of Sweden 
is not taken, fulfilled or done; 
(i) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, in the case of the Guaranteed Notes, the Deed 
of Guarantee; or 
(j) 
Guarantee not in force: in the case of the Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is 
claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holders thereof to the Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case 
of the Guaranteed Notes) and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without 
further action or formality. 
 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of 
the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If any Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with 
such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons and Talons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor (shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office 
in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any appointment of, or change in, any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders (including by way of conference calls or by use of video conference platform) to consider 
matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together in the case of the Guaranteed Notes) and shall 
be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one tenth of the

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on 
an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not 
less than three quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and, in the case of the Guaranteed 
Notes, the Deed of Guarantee may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree 
to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) shall 
not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
 
Substitution 
The Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders through novation substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons a 
Subsidiary of Atlas Copco (the “Substitute”) in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement, provided that no 
payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by 
a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take 
place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, and Deed Poll, mutatis mutandis, as if 
it had been an original party thereto and the Substitute shall enter into a deed of covenant on the same 
terms as the Deed of Covenant, mutatis mutandis; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder, and Couponholder 
against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by 
any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and/or, 
if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon or deed of covenant and which would 
not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any withholding, tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the deed of covenant, the 
Notes, and the Coupons shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Atlas Copco by means 
of the Deed Poll; 
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any 
necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the deed of covenant, the Notes, 
and Coupons, mutatis mutandis represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of Atlas Copco have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in 
full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed an agent to 
receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings (as defined in Condition 22(d) (Rights 
of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England)) in England; 
(vi) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to listing or 
trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes will be admitted to 
listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the Noteholders shall 
have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading 
securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (ii) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
 
preceding conditions of this Condition 17 (Substitution) and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll; 
and 
(viii) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) shall have given at least 28 days’ prior 
notice in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that 
copies, or, pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which are 
referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 12 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Deed Poll, and the events of default listed in Condition 12 (Events of Default), shall be 
deemed to include the guarantee under the Deed Poll not being or being claimed by Atlas Copco not to be in full 
force and effect and the provisions of Conditions 12(c)–12(h) (inclusive) and Condition 12(i) shall also be deemed 
to apply to Atlas Copco. 
 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes; provided that in the case of Notes to which 
the TEFRA D rules apply that are initially represented by interests in a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes, such consolidation can only occur following the 
exchange of interests in the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes 
upon certification of non U.S. beneficial ownership. 
 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders shall be deemed to be duly given if (a) published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in 
relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of 
(a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other 
tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer, failing which, 
the Guarantor,  shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to 
convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange 
at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuers and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action. 
 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 
0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
 
 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Coupons or Talons (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or cancellation of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each Issuer and the Guarantor agree that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 22(b) (English courts) is for 
the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 22 (Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuers, and the Guarantor agree that the documents which start any Proceedings 
and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to Atlas Copco AB at Atlas Copco UK Holdings Limited, Swallowdale Lane, PO Box 79, 
Hemel Hempstead, Herts HP2 7HA or at any address of the Issuers in Great Britain at which service of 
process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases 
to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the 
Issuers and the Guarantor (acting together) shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed and 
delivered to the Issuers and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further 
person in England to accept service of process on its behalf. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the 
right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly supplemented (if 
necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing 
in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[EU MiFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and ECPs only Target Market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are 
[“prescribed capital markets products”/“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as 
                                                          
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulation 2018) and [“Excluded Investment 
Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]34 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Atlas Copco AB][Atlas Copco Finance DAC] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [213800T8PC8Q4FYJZR07][ 549300ZF2VKZ1G5T2U85] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[guaranteed by Atlas Copco AB] 
under the U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any offer 
of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such 
offer. The expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus 
dated 23 July 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms 
relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.](1) These Final Terms 
contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.atlascopcogroup.com 
[and] during normal business hours at Sickla Industriväg 19, SE-l05 23 Stockholm, Sweden [and copies may be obtained 
from Sickla Industriväg 19, SE-l05 23 Stockholm, Sweden](1). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a base 
prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with an earlier date were 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2012 Conditions] [2016 Conditions] 
[2018 Conditions] [2019 Conditions] (the “Conditions”) incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 23 July 
2021. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 23 July 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes the EU Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [This document constitutes the Final Terms 
relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.](1) 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus(es)] are available for viewing www.atlascopcogroup.com 
[and] during normal business hours at Sickla Industriväg 19, SE-l05 23 Stockholm, Sweden [and copies may be obtained 
from Sickla Industriväg 19, SE-l05 23 Stockholm, Sweden]. 
_________ 
(1) 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
                                                          
3  
Insert “prescribed capital market products” and “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend Singapore product 
classification. 
4  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary Singapore product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
 
1 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[Atlas Copco AB/Atlas Copco Finance DAC] 
 
[(b) 
Guarantor: 
Atlas Copco AB] 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number: 
[●][The Notes issued under these Final Terms are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with the [●] issued on [●] [and [●]] [(ISIN)]: 
[●])]] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [[and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[[●] [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[● month ][currency][EURIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
cross refer to paragraphs 14, 15 and/or 16 below if details are 
included there/Not applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
– 
see 
paragraph[s] 
[17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below)] 
13 
[Date(s) [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee, 
respectively,] 
obtained: 
[●][and [●], respectively]]

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 /Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable]]] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Period/ 
Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [in each year] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention Modified Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ FRN Convention/ Floating 
Rate Convention/ Eurodollar Convention/ No Adjustment][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●] month][currency] [EURIBOR] [STIBOR] 
 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
– Relevant Time: 
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●]

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the Interest 
Period) 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)]  
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ Actual/365/ Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ Actual/360/ 30/360/ 30E/360/ Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
early redemption: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ Actual/365/ Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ Actual/360/ 30/360/ 30E/360/ Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[●]/[From and including [insert date 3 months prior to 
maturity]/[other date] (the “Par Call Period Commencement 
Date”) to but excluding [●] (such period, the “Par Call Period”)] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18 
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable [from (and including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Make Whole Redemption Margin 
[+/ ] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond 
[●]/[●]/Comparable Bond/Not Applicable]

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Quotation Time 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
19 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
20 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
22 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
24 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes] [No] 
25 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[No][Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made./No.]]

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the U.S.$3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of the Issuer. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]. 
 
Signed on behalf of [Atlas Copco AB/Atlas Copco Finance DAC]: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Atlas Copco AB: 
By: 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin and listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [●].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued will not be rated.] 
 
 
 
[[The Programme has been/The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated:] 
 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
 
[[Other rating agency]: [●]] 
[Each of [●] is established in the [European Economic Area]/[United 
Kingdom] and registered under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended]/[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018].] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer [and the Guarantor[ are/is] aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and [its/their respective] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer different from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes Only] – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
 
[Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in summary 
form] on the Issue Date. 
 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not applicable/give names]

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance category 2]; 
 
 
 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, 
references in the Conditions to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as 
the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the 
case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share 
of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising 
under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented 
by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing 
system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only in the minimum authorised denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) and one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount notwithstanding that 
no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above EUR 199,000. 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the 
relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note, 
duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates 
issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal 
Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer of a 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions or 
the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the principal 
amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
 
may have under a deed of covenant dated 23 July 2021 (the “Deed of Covenant”) executed by each Issuer). Under the 
Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer of a 
Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions or the 
date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case 
of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed 
of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they apply to the Global Note. The following is 
a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of 
principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and 
will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro 
rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase—Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the 
principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may 
not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase—Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may 
be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, the term “Payment Business Day” shall mean that, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) additional Financial Centre. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a 
Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note 
and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system.

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ATLAS COPCO 
Atlas Copco is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden with the corporate 
registration number 556014-2720 and is subject to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), as 
amended (the “Swedish Companies Act”). Its registered office is Sickla Industriväg 19, SE-l05 23 Stockholm, Sweden 
(telephone number: +46 8 743 8000). Atlas Copco was founded in Sweden in 1873 under the name AB Atlas as a 
manufacturer and a seller of railway equipment. At the time, it was the largest manufacturing company in Sweden. The 
entity Atlas Copco AB was incorporated on 30 March 1917 under the name Aktiebolaget Atlas-Diesel. Atlas Copco’s name 
was changed to Atlas Copco AB in 1955, Copco being an abbreviation of Compagnie Pneumatique Commerciale. Atlas 
Copco is the ultimate parent company of numerous subsidiaries which are situated in Sweden as well as outside of Sweden. 
References in this business description to the “Group” are to Atlas Copco and its subsidiaries together. 
S&P has assigned Atlas Copco a long-term rating of “A+” and a short-term rating of “A”. Fitch has assigned Atlas Copco 
a long-term issuer default rating of “A+” and a senior unsecured rating of “F1”. 
The Group provides sustainable productivity solutions. Its products and services range from innovative compressors, air 
treatment systems, vacuum solutions, industrial power tools and assembly systems, machine vision, and power and flow 
solutions. Atlas Copco develops products and services focused on productivity, energy efficiency, safety and ergonomics. 
Atlas Copco’s share capital is divided among A shares and B shares. Its shares have been listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm 
stock exchange (“Nasdaq Stockholm”) since 1920. As of 30 June 2021, the Group had 41,105 employees worldwide. In 
2020, the Group generated revenues of SEK 99,787 million and an operating profit of SEK 19,146 million, with a 
corresponding operating margin of 19.2 per cent. In the six months ended 30 June 2021, the Group generated revenues of 
SEK 53,555 million and an operating profit of SEK 11,311 million, with a corresponding operating margin of 21.1 per cent. 
The Group’s operations are organised into four business areas: 
(i) 
the compressor technique business area, which provides compressed air solutions; industrial compressors, gas and 
process compressors and expanders, air and gas treatment equipment and air management systems (the 
“Compressor Technique” business area). The Compressor Technique business area has a global service network 
and innovates to provide sustainable productivity mainly in the manufacturing and process industries. Principal 
product development and manufacturing units are located in Belgium, the United States, China, India, Germany, 
and Italy; 
(ii) 
the vacuum technique business area, which provides vacuum products, exhaust management systems, valves and 
related products (the “Vacuum Technique” business area). The main markets served are semiconductor and 
scientific as well as a wide range of industrial segments, including chemical process industries, food packaging 
and paper handling. The Vacuum Technique business area has a global service network and innovates to provide 
sustainable productivity in order to further improve its customers’ performance. Principal product development 
and manufacturing units are located in the United States, Mexico, United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Germany, 
South Korea, China, and Japan; 
(iii) 
the industrial technique business area, which provides industrial power tools, assembly and machine vision 
solutions, quality assurance products, software and service through a global network (the “Industrial Technique” 
business area). The Industrial Technique business area innovates to provide sustainable productivity for customers 
in the automotive and general industries. Principal product development and manufacturing units are located in 
Sweden, Germany, Hungary, the United Kingdom, France, the United States, China, and Japan; and 
(iv) 
the power technique business area, which provides air, power and flow solutions through products such as mobile 
compressors, pumps, light towers and generators, along with a number of complementary products (the “Power 
Technique” business area). The Power Technique business area also offers specialty rental and provides services 
through a dedicated, global network. Guided by a forward-thinking approach to innovation, the Power Technique 
business area provides sustainable productivity solutions across multiple industries, including construction, 
manufacturing, oil and gas, and exploration drilling. Principal product development and manufacturing units are 
located in Belgium, Spain, the United States, China, and India.

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
 
The following table sets forth revenues for each of the Group’s business areas for the periods indicated: 
 
For the six 
months ended 30 June 
For the year 
ended 31 
December  
 
2020 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK in millions) 
Compressor Technique ...............................................................................................  
22,993 
23,734 
47,329 
Vacuum Technique .....................................................................................................  
12,694 
14,028 
24,685 
Industrial Technique ...................................................................................................  
7,548 
9,593 
16,176 
Power Technique ........................................................................................................  
6,255 
6,498 
12,106 
Common Group items / Eliminations .........................................................................  
(290) 
(298) 
    (509) 
Atlas Copco Group .....................................................................................................  
49,200 
53,555 
99,787 
 
The Group is continuously seeking to further improve its service offering to meet the demands of its customers. In recent 
years, demand for these additional services has been relatively stable compared to the demand for equipment. In 2020, 
revenues from services generated 36 per cent. of the Group’s revenues.  
With sales in more than 180 countries and customers in industries such as construction, manufacturing, process and service, 
the Group believes that it has a diverse customer and geographic base. Key customer categories for the Group’s products 
include general manufacturing, electronics, automotive, process industry, construction, service and other. In order to 
improve its market presence and penetration in both existing and new markets, the Group continuously invests in its sales 
and service organisation. 
The Group’s vision is to become and remain First in Mind—First in Choice, i.e., to be the preferred supplier of its customers 
and other principal stakeholders. The mission is to achieve sustainable, profitable growth. Sustainability plays an important 
role in the Group’s vision and it is an integral aspect of the Group’s mission. An integrated sustainable strategy, backed by 
ambitious goals, helps the Group deliver greater value to all its stakeholders in a way that is economically, environmentally 
and socially responsible. The Group has identified five strategic pillars for growth: people, innovation, presence, 
operational excellence, and service. Digital technology supports the development in all these strategic areas. 
To succeed in its mission, the Group strives to have a leading position in selected markets and segments. This is achieved 
through innovations and by delivering leading differentiated technology. The Group strives to support customers in their 
success by providing products and services critical to its customers’ operations. To support profitable growth over business 
cycles, the Group aims to have an agile balance sheet and focuses on marketplaces with a high service potential. 
Group Goals 
The Group’s financial goals are an annual revenue growth of 8 per cent. measured over a business cycle, sustained high 
return on capital employed and distribution of approximately 50 per cent. of earnings as dividends to shareholders. 
The products and services goals are that all projects for new or redesigned products have clear and specific targets set for 
reduced environmental impact by the end of 2021. The divisions set their own targets for projects for new or redesigned 
products achieving significantly reduced environmental impact (i.e., 5 per cent. or lower carbon footprint over the products 
life cycle). The ethics goals are that all the Group’s employees confirm compliance with its Business Code of Practice and 
are trained in the Business Code of Practice annually, that all the Group’s managers in risk countries lead training in the 
Business Code of Practice annually and that all significant suppliers and distributors confirm compliance with the Business 
Code of Practice. The safety and well-being goals are achieving a balance between less serious incidents and more serious 
incidents with the vision of zero injuries, and increasing the share of the Group’s employees who believe that the Group 
takes a genuine interest in the employees’ well-being. The people goals are for the share of the Group’s employees who 
believe there is opportunity for learning and growth to be higher than the global benchmark by 2021, and for the share of 
the Group’s employees who believe that the Group has a work culture of respect, fairness and openness to be higher than 
the global benchmark by 2021, and for the Group to have share of 30 per cent. of female employees by 2030. The 
environment goals are a reduction of CO2 emissions from energy in operations and transportation in relation to cost of sales 
of 50 per cent. by 2030, a continuous reduction of total waste in relation to cost of sales, a continuous reduction of water 
consumption in relation to cost of sales, and continuous increase of significant direct suppliers that have an approved 
Environmental Management System. 
The goals are not guarantees of future performance. The Group’s actual results of operations could differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by these goals as a result of many factors, including but not limited to as described 
under “Risk Factors”. Any goals discussed herein are goals only and are not, and should not viewed as, forecasts, 
projections, estimates or views of the Group’s future performance.

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
 
Key Financial Data 
The following table sets forth certain key financial data for the periods indicated: 
 
For the six  
months ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
 
(SEK in millions, except where otherwise provided) 
Revenues ..........................................................................................  
49,200 
53,555 
103,756 
99,787 
Operating profit ...............................................................................  
9,013 
11,311 
21,897 
19,146 
Operating margin (per cent.) ............................................................  
18.3 
21.1 
21.1 
19.2 
EBITDA(1) .......................................................................................  
11,590 
13,927 
26,597 
24,335 
EBITDA margin(2) (per cent.) ..........................................................  
23.6 
26.0 
25.6 
24.4 
Return on capital employed(3) (per cent.) .........................................  
26 
26 
30 
23 
Profit before tax ...............................................................................  
8,836 
11,215 
21,572 
18,825 
Profit for the period..........................................................................  
6,969 
8,688 
16,543 
14,783 
Net indebtedness(4) ...........................................................................  
(23,772) 
(13,076) 
(12,013) 
(16,421) 
Net indebtedness to LTM EBITDA ratio(5) ......................................  
0.9 
0.5 
0.5 
0.7 
__________ 
(1)  
Operating profit plus depreciation, impairment and amortisation.  
(2) 
EBITDA as a percentage of revenues. 
(3) 
Profit before tax plus interest paid and foreign exchange differences as a percentage of average capital employed. 
(4)  
Net indebtedness consists of the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities and post-employment benefits, adjusted for the fair value of interest rate 
swaps, less cash and cash equivalents and other current financial assets. 
(5)  
Net indebtedness in relation to LTM EBITDA. 
The table above includes APMs. See the following table as well as the paragraph entitled “Certain Financial Information” 
on page (iii) of this Base Prospectus and the section entitled “Information Incorporated by Reference” for more information. 
The following tables set forth the reconciliation of certain APMs for the periods indicated:  
 
For the six  
months ended  
30 June 
For the year  
ended  
31 December 
For the twelve 
months ended  
30 June 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
2020 
2021 
 
(SEK in millions, except where otherwise provided) 
EBITDA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit ........................................................................... 
10,427 
9,013 
11,311 
21,897 
19,146 
20,483 
21,444 
Depreciation, Amortization and Impairment ............................... 
2,212 
   2,577 
2,616 
   4,700 
   5,189 
5,065 
5,228 
EBITDA ...................................................................................... 
12,639 
 11,590 
13,927 
 26,597 
 24,335 
25,548 
26,672 
Last 12 months EBITDA(1) .................................................... 
 
 
 
 
 
25,548 
26,672 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) Last 12 months EBITDA for the 12-month periods ending June 30 is calculated from the EBITDA for the preceding calendar year, reduced by the Q2 EBITDA 
for the same year and increased by the Q2 EBITDA of the following year. For the calendar year periods Last 12 months EBITDA is the calendar year EBITDA. 
This APM is only presented for 12-month periods.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the six  
months ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
 
(SEK in millions, except where otherwise provided) 
 
Return on capital employed 
 
 
 
 
Profit before tax, last twelve months ..........................................  
20,186 
21,204 
21,572 
18,825 
Interest expenses and exchange differences, last twelve months  
      412 
432 
      432 
      478 
Earnings, last twelve months ......................................................  
 20,598 
21,636 
 22,004 
 19,303 
 
 
 
 
 
Average capital employed ..........................................................  
79,027 
84,529 
72,732 
83,649 
Return on capital employed (per cent.) .......................................  
26 
26 
30 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
Net indebtedness 
 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities and post-employment benefits, 
excluding liabilities associated with assets classified as held 
for sale ....................................................................................  
(29,216) 
(27,420) 
(27,143) 
(28,134) 
Adjustment for fair value of interest-rate swaps .........................  
– 
– 
– 
– 
Cash and cash equivalents and other current financial assets ......  
   5,444 
14,344 
 15,130 
 11,713 
Net indebtedness .........................................................................  
(23,772) 
(13,076) 
(12,013) 
(16,421)

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
 
Organisation and Operations 
As of 30 June 2021, the Group had four business areas with 23 divisions. While the business areas are separate, with their 
own strategies, they also share certain functions, such as the facilities for their customer centres, reporting and 
administrative processes, treasury services, IT support, HR services and non-core purchasing where it is feasible to do so. 
Each of the Group’s business areas are responsible for the world-wide marketing and selling of its products, systems and 
service offerings. Each business area operates through several divisions, all of which are separate operational units, each 
responsible for delivering results in line with the strategies and objectives set by such business area. The divisions generally 
conduct business through customer and distribution centres. 
The Compressor Technique Business Area 
The following table sets forth certain financial data regarding the Compressor Technique business area for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the six  
months ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
 
(SEK in millions) 
Revenues ..........................................................................................  
22,993 
23,734 
48,286 
47,329 
Operating profit ...............................................................................  
4,964 
5,646 
11,198 
10,658 
 
The Compressor Technique business area provides compressed air solutions, industrial compressors, gas and process 
compressors and expanders, air and gas treatment equipment, and air management systems. The Compressor Technique 
business area has a global service network and innovates to provide sustainable productivity in the general manufacturing 
and process industries. Through this business area, the Group is a leader in compressed-air products and solutions. The key 
customer categories are process industry and general manufacturing, which represented 27 per cent. and 26 per cent., 
respectively, of the Compressor Technique business area’s orders received in 2020. The service business represented 
43 per cent. of the Compressor Technique business area’s revenues in 2020. 
The Compressor Technique business area has its principal product development and manufacturing units located in 
Belgium, the United States, China, India, Germany, and Italy. 
Organisation 
The Compressor Technique business area is comprised of seven divisions, including: (i) the Compressor Technique Service 
division, which is dedicated to aftermarket service; (ii) the Industrial Air division, which is dedicated to oil-injected and 
oil-free air compressors, on-site nitrogen and oxygen generators, air treatment solutions and compressor controls and 
monitoring; (iii) the Oil-free Air division, which is dedicated to oil-free and oil-injected air and gas compressors combined 
with air and gas treatment systems; (iv) the Professional Air division, which is dedicated primarily to low-power piston 
compressors; (v) the Medical Gas Solutions division, which is dedicated to medical gas equipment, including medical air 
and vacuum plants, manifolds and pipeline components with related services and filters; (vi) the Gas and Process division, 
which is dedicated to turbo compressors, positive displacement compressors, and expansion turbines; and (vii) the Airtec 
division, which is dedicated to compressor elements and core parts exclusively for use in the Group’s oil-free and oil-
injected screw compressors, tooth and turbo compressors. 
Markets and Competition 
The following table sets forth the revenues generated by the Compressor Technique business area by geography, on a 
percentage basis, for the years indicated: 
 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(per cent. of revenues) 
Europe ....................................................................................................................................................  
35 
35 
North America .......................................................................................................................................  
22 
22 
South America .......................................................................................................................................  
5 
5 
Africa / Middle East ...............................................................................................................................  
7 
7 
Asia / Oceania ........................................................................................................................................  
  31 
  31 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................  
100 
100

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
 
The global market for compressed air equipment, air and gas treatment equipment and related services is characterised by 
a diversified customer base. Customers request solutions that are reliable, productive and efficient and suited to specific 
applications. 
Compressors are used in a wide spectrum of applications. In industrial processes, clean, dry and oil-free air is needed in, 
for example, the food, pharmaceutical, electronics, and textile industries. Compressed air is also used to power industrial 
tools, in robots, and in applications as diversified as hospitals, snow making, fish farming, and in high-speed trains. Blowers 
are used in applications where a consistent flow of low-pressure air is needed, for example wastewater treatment and 
conveying. Gas and process compressors and expanders are supplied to various process industries, such as air separation 
plants, power utilities, chemical and petrochemical plants, and liquefied natural gas applications. Stationary industrial air 
compressors and associated air-treatment products, spare parts and service represent approximately 90 per cent. of sales. 
Large gas and process compressors, including related service, represent approximately 10 per cent. 
The Compressor Technique business area’s vision is to be First in Mind—First in Choice® as a supplier of compressed air 
and gas solutions, by being interactive, committed and innovative, and by offering customers the best value.  
The strategy is to further develop Atlas Copco’s leading position in the selected niches and grow the business in a way that 
is economically, environmentally and socially responsible. This should be done by capitalising on the strong global market 
presence, improving market penetration in mature and developing markets, and continuously developing improved 
products and solutions to satisfy customer demands. The presence is enhanced by utilising several commercial brands. Key 
strategies include growing the service business as well as developing businesses within focused areas, such as air-treatment 
equipment, blowers, and compressor solutions for trains, ships, and hospitals. The Compressor Technique business area is 
actively looking at acquiring complementary businesses. 
The Group management of Atlas Copco (the “Group Management”) believes that the Compressor Technique business 
area has a leading market position globally in most of its operations. Its principal competitors in the market for industrial 
compressors and air treatment equipment are Ingersoll-Rand, Kaeser, Hitachi, and Parker Hannifin. There are also 
numerous regional and local competitors, including many in China. In the market for gas and process compressors and 
expanders, the main competitors are Siemens and MAN Turbo. 
The Vacuum Technique Business Area 
The following table sets forth certain financial data regarding the Vacuum Technique business area for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the six  
months ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
 
(SEK in millions) 
Revenues ..........................................................................................  
12,694 
14,028 
23,570 
24,685 
Operating profit ...............................................................................  
2,775 
3,484 
5,792 
5,519 
 
The Vacuum Technique business area provides vacuum products, exhaust management systems, valves and related 
products. The main markets served are semiconductor and scientific instruments as well as a wide range of industrial 
segments, including chemical process industries, food packaging and paper handling. The Vacuum Technique business 
area has a global service network and innovates for sustainable productivity in order to further improve its customers’ 
performance. Through this business area, the Group is a leader in vacuum and abatement solutions. The Vacuum Technique 
business area’s key customer categories are electronics (primarily the semiconductor industry), process industry, and 
general manufacturing, which represented 67 per cent., 19 per cent. and 11 per cent., respectively, of the Vacuum 
Technique business area’s orders received in 2020. The service business represented 27 per cent. and equipment 
73 per cent. of the Vacuum Technique business area’s total revenues in 2020. 
The Vacuum Technique business area has its principal product development and manufacturing units located in the United 
States, Mexico, United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Germany, South Korea, China, and Japan. 
Organisation 
The Vacuum Technique business area is comprised of six divisions, including: (i) the Vacuum Technique Service division, 
which is dedicated to related value-added services for customers in a range of industrial processes including power, glass 
and other coating applications, steel and other metallurgy, pharmaceutical and chemical; and for both scientific instruments 
and a wide range of R&D applications; (ii) the Semiconductor Service division, which is dedicated to related value-added 
services for customers in the semiconductor, solar, display and LED sectors; (iii) the Semiconductor division, which is 
dedicated to sophisticated vacuum products, exhaust management systems and integrated solutions for customers and 
original equipment manufacturers in the semiconductor, solar, display and LED sectors; (iv) Semiconductor Chamber

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
 
Solutions, which is dedicated to chamber solutions for customers in the semiconductor and flat panel display markets; 
(v) Scientific Vacuum division, which is dedicated to sophisticated vacuum products for a wide range of customers in the 
analytical instruments, R&D and high energy physics application sectors; and (vi) Industrial Vacuum division, which is 
dedicated to sophisticated vacuum products for customers in the industrial process and rough vacuum sectors, for example, 
chemical process industries, metallurgy, petrochemical, food packaging and paper handling. 
Markets and Competition 
The following table sets forth the revenues generated by the Vacuum Technique business area by geography, on a 
percentage basis, for the years indicated: 
 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(per cent. of revenues) 
Europe ....................................................................................................................................................  
15 
14 
North America .......................................................................................................................................  
25 
21 
South America .......................................................................................................................................  
– 
– 
Africa / Middle East ...............................................................................................................................  
2 
2 
Asia / Oceania ........................................................................................................................................  
  58 
  63 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................  
100 
100 
 
Vacuum and abatement solutions are required in a number of industrial applications where the pressure needs to be below 
atmospheric pressure and/or the environment needs to be clean. The Vacuum Technique business area sells products, 
systems and services across several targeted market sectors. 
The market can be categorised in semiconductor, industrial vacuum and scientific vacuum. However, each of these sectors 
contains several sub-sectors and specific applications. Vacuum products include a broad range of dry pumps, 
turbomolecular pumps and other vacuum pumps. These are used to create highly-controlled, low-pressure, particle-free 
environments for a diverse set of manufacturing processes, such as semiconductor, flat-panel display, LED and solar, glass 
and optical coating, scientific instruments used in life sciences, research institutes focused on renewable energy, 
high-energy lasers and nanotechnology, pharmaceuticals, heat treatment, lithium-ion batteries, and food processing and 
packaging. 
Abatement systems include stand-alone and customised solutions which integrate vacuum and exhaust management 
technologies. Abatement is required both to prevent adverse chemical reactions within production processes and to comply 
with strict regulatory emission controls. The Vacuum Technique business area also provides value-added services, 
including equipment monitoring, field and on-site servicing, remanufacturing, service upgrades and provision of spare parts 
and oils. 
The Vacuum Technique business area’s vision is to be First in Mind—First in Choice® for vacuum and abatement solutions. 
The strategy focuses on technology leadership, market leadership and agility, to support growth drivers. This will be done 
by focusing on product research and development programs together with deployment of highly innovative products and 
services. Continued execution of market leadership will be done by an organisation focused on agility, growing market 
share in Atlas Copco’s traditional heartlands and further expansion of the geographical footprint. Additionally, the business 
area has a strong focus on developing the service business and an efficient and flexible global operations footprint. 
The Group Management believes that the Vacuum Technique business area has a leading market position globally in 
vacuum and abatement solutions. Its principal competitors in the semiconductor market are DAS Environmental Expert, 
Ebara, Kashiyama, Pfeiffer Vacuum, and Shimadzu Corporation. In the industrial and scientific vacuum market, the main 
competitors are Ingersoll Rand, Pfeiffer Vacuum, and Busch. 
The Industrial Technique Business Area 
The following table sets forth certain financial data regarding the Industrial Technique business area for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the six  
months ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
 
(SEK in millions) 
Revenues ..........................................................................................  
7,548 
9,593 
18,712 
16,176 
Operating profit ...............................................................................  
1,133 
1,898 
4,069 
2,422

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
 
The Industrial Technique business area provides industrial power tools, assembly and machine vision solutions, quality 
assurance products, software, and service through a global network. The Industrial Technique business area innovates for 
sustainable productivity for customers in the automotive and general industries. The Industrial Technique business area’s 
key customer category is automotive, which represented 54 per cent. of the Industrial Technique business area’s orders 
received in 2020. The service business represented 28 per cent. of the Industrial Technique business area’s total revenues 
in 2020. 
The Industrial Technique business area has its principal product development and manufacturing units located in Sweden, 
Germany, Hungary, the United Kingdom, France, the United States, China, and Japan. 
Organisation 
The Industrial Technique business area is comprised of six divisions, including: (i) the Industrial Technique Service 
division, which is dedicated to global tool maintenance, calibration, outsourcing solutions and production optimisation; 
(ii) the MVI Tools and Assembly Systems division, which is dedicated to industrial hand-held electric and pneumatic tools, 
assembly systems, software solutions and related services to the automotive industry; (iii) the General Industry Tools and 
Assembly Systems division, which is dedicated to hand-held electric and pneumatic tools, assembly systems, software and 
services to customer segments such as off-highway, aerospace, appliance and consumer electronics, transport, power and 
energy equipment; (iv) the Chicago Pneumatic Tools division, which is dedicated to assembly and removal tools, together 
with solutions across manufacturing, air, aerospace, automotive and land transportation, light assembly, energy production, 
vehicle maintenance and general industries; (v) the Industrial Assembly Solutions division, which is dedicated to adhesive 
solutions and self-pierce riveting for the automotive and general manufacturing industries; and (vi) the Machine Vision 
Solutions division, which is dedicated to machine vision solutions with leading technologies for surface inspection and 3D 
vision for robot guidance, quality inspection and metrology. 
Markets and Competition 
The following table sets forth the Industrial Technique business area’s revenues by geography, on a percentage basis, for 
the years indicated: 
 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(per cent. of revenues) 
Europe ....................................................................................................................................................  
38 
38 
North America .......................................................................................................................................  
31 
31 
South America .......................................................................................................................................  
3 
2 
Africa / Middle East ...............................................................................................................................  
2 
2 
Asia / Oceania ........................................................................................................................................  
  26 
  27 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................  
100 
100 
 
The automotive industry, including sub-suppliers, is a key customer segment, and the applications served are primarily 
assembly operations. The automotive industry has been at the forefront of demanding more accurate fastening tools that 
minimise errors in production and enable recording and traceability of operations. The Industrial Technique business area 
has successfully developed advanced electric industrial tools and assembly systems that assist customers in achieving 
fastening according to their specifications and minimising errors and interruptions in production. This includes a wide 
offering of quality assurance and quality improvement solutions. With the increasing demand for electric cars and increased 
use of lighter materials, the automotive industry is looking to alternative assembly solutions. The market demands new 
assembly technologies, such as dispensing equipment for adhesives and sealants as well as self-pierce riveting equipment 
and rivets to cater for these needs. 
In general industry, industrial tools are used in a number of applications, such as assembly, drilling and material removal. 
Customers are found in assembly operations, for example, in electronics, aerospace, appliances, energy, off-highway 
vehicles, general industrial manufacturing, the energy sector, foundries, metal and paper production, advanced material 
manufacturing, and among machine tool builders. The equipment supplied includes assembly tools for a wide torque range, 
drills, percussive tools, grinders, and accessories. Air motors are supplied separately for different industries and 
applications. 
The Industrial Technique business area offers machine vision solutions that are used in discrete production, such as the 
automotive industry, and in continuous process production applications, such as metal and paper production, advanced 
material manufacturing, and solar panels. There is a growing demand for service, for example, maintenance contracts and 
calibration services that improve customers’ productivity.

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
 
Industrial Technique business area’s vision is to be First in Mind—First in Choice® as a supplier of assembly solutions, 
machine vision, quality assurance products, software, material removal products, and services to customers in the 
automotive and general industries. The strategy is to continue to grow the business profitably by building on technological 
leadership and continuously offering products and services that improve customers’ productivity, flexibility, quality, safety 
and ergonomics. Key strategic initiatives include adjusting the product offer to meet increased automation in customers’ 
production processes, and providing additional service, know-how and training. The Industrial Technique business area is 
also increasing its presence in targeted geographical markets. The presence is enhanced by a brand portfolio strategy. The 
Industrial Technique business area is actively looking at acquiring complementary businesses. Growth should be achieved 
in a way that is economically, environmentally and socially responsible. 
The Group Management believes that the Industrial Technique business area has a leading market position globally in most 
of its operations. Its competitors in the industrial tools business include Apex Tool Group, Ingersoll Rand, Stanley Black 
& Decker, Uryu, Bosch and several local and regional competitors. In adhesive and sealant equipment, the primary 
competitors are Nordson, Graco and Dürr. For self-pierce riveting, the main competitors are Stanley Black & Decker and 
Böllhoff. 
The Power Technique Business Area 
The following table sets forth certain financial data regarding the Power Technique business area for the periods indicated: 
 
For the six  
months ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020 
 
(SEK in millions) 
Revenues ..........................................................................................  
6,255 
6,498 
13,915 
12,106 
Operating profit ...............................................................................  
759 
1,015 
2,308 
1,594 
 
The Power Technique business area provides air, power and flow solutions through products such as mobile compressors, 
pumps, light towers and generators, along with a number of complementary products. It also offers specialty rental and 
provides services through a dedicated, global network. Guided by a forward-thinking approach to innovation, the Power 
Technique business area provides sustainable productivity solutions across multiple industries, including construction, 
manufacturing, oil and gas, and exploration drilling. The Power Technique business area’s main customer category is 
construction, which represented 35 per cent. of the Power Technique business area’s orders received in 2020. The service 
business (specialty rental) represented 30 per cent. of the Power Technique business area’s total revenues in 2020. 
The Power Technique business area has principal product development and manufacturing units located in Belgium, Spain, 
the United States, China, and India. 
Organisation 
The Power Technique business area consists of four divisions, including: (i) the Power Technique Service division, which 
is dedicated to aftermarket service; (ii) the Specialty Rental division, which is dedicated to temporary air, power, flow, 
steam and nitrogen rental solutions; (iii) the Portable Air division, which is dedicated to mobile and energy-efficient 
compressors, handheld light-demolition tools and industry-focused solutions, such as high-pressure boosters and quality 
air equipment; and (iv) the Power and Flow division, which is dedicated to mobile and energy-efficient generators, light 
towers and pumps, along with associated accessories and connectivity solutions. 
Markets and Competition 
The following table sets forth the Power Technique business area’s revenues by geography, on a percentage basis, for the 
years indicated: 
 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(per cent. of revenues) 
Europe ....................................................................................................................................................  
35 
36 
North America .......................................................................................................................................  
25 
26 
South America .......................................................................................................................................  
6 
6 
Africa / Middle East ...............................................................................................................................  
12 
10 
Asia / Oceania ........................................................................................................................................  
  22 
  22 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................  
100 
100

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
 
The market for air, power and flow solutions has a large number of participants offering a wide range of different 
applications. The Power Technique business area focuses on a selected number of applications.  
Multiple segments are served by the Power Technique business area’s offering. General and civil engineering contractors, 
often involved in infrastructure projects, demand light construction tools. Mobile compressors, generators, light towers and 
pumps provide reliable power sources for tools and applications in the construction sector and numerous industrial 
applications. Contractors and rental companies are important customers for service, including spare parts, maintenance 
contracts, and repairs. 
Power Technique business area’s vision is to be First in Mind—First in Choice® provider of on-site air, power and flow 
solutions for sustainable productivity. The strategy is to grow by developing Atlas Copco’s market position and presence 
as a global supplier within portable compressors, pumps, generators and light towers, along with a range of complementary, 
market-specific niche products, such as high-pressure boosters. The strategy also includes further development of 
specialty-rental services as well as the service business; increasing revenues by offering more services to more customers. 
Growth should be achieved in a way that is economically, environmentally and socially responsible. 
The Group Management believes that the Power Technique business area has a leading or strong market position globally 
in most of its operations. Its principal competitors are Doosan, Generac, Kaeser and Sullair. In addition, there are a large 
number of competitors operating locally or regionally. 
Sales and Marketing 
The Group has its own customer centres in approximately 70 countries to ensure closer relationships with end-users as well 
as markets and it sells its products through customer centres and distributors in over 180 countries. Its sales and service 
organisations are organised under customer centres, each of which are responsible for marketing, sales and service in its 
designated geographical area. The customer centres are organised to reflect the organisation within the four business areas. 
In addition, the majority of the Group’s sales force are either qualified engineers or are otherwise well trained in the design, 
configuration, delivery, installation and service of its products. 
The Group’s customer centres are the primary vehicle for delivering parts and services to its customers. The Group uses 
distributors and agents in circumstances where these additional sales channels provide access to customers who would not, 
due to geographical or political constraints, be reached by the Group’s customer centre personnel, or where it would not 
be cost effective for the customers to be served by one of the Group’s customer centres. 
While the Atlas Copco brand is the most important brand for the Group’s revenue, the Group markets its products 
worldwide through various other brands. The Group has a brand portfolio strategy in which its products are differentiated 
through various brands, with each brand focusing on a well-defined market segment and marketed through different 
distribution channels. 
Safety, Health and Environmental Management 
The Group’s operations are subject to various local laws in the countries in which it operates. The Group conducts 
operations requiring permits under Swedish environmental regulations in two of its Swedish companies. These operations 
mostly involve machining and assembly of components, and the permits relate to areas such as emissions to water and air, 
and noise pollution. 
In order to manage and reduce product companies’ environmental impact, the Group aims that all major operating units 
are triple-certified for ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001. All production units with more than ten 
employees and all customer and rental companies with more than 70 employees are to be triple-certified. As at 
31 December 2020, the share of required units (based on the Group’s target) not yet triple-certified was 7 per cent. of the 
total number of the Group’s operational units. As at 31 December 2020, (i) 5 per cent. of the total number of the Group’s 
operational units had not been ISO 9001 certified, (ii) 7 per cent. of the total number of the Group’s operational units had 
not been ISO 14001 certified, and (iii) 7 per cent. of the total number of the Group’s operational units had not been 
OHSAS 18001/ISO 45001 certified. These units are mainly from acquisitions with a recommended two-year period to 
comply or newly restructured units. Some units not yet triple-certified are in the process of becoming so, and a smaller 
portion has lacked the resources so far to commit to a triple certification. 
The Group focuses on developing products and solutions to reduce energy consumption. Safety, health and environmental 
as well as ergonomic aspects have been integrated into the Group’s product development process for many years. All of 
the Group’s products are designed and manufactured to be increasingly more energy efficient, safe and ergonomic. 
Product Safety and Quality 
As the Group’s products are used in various industries that are subject to a number of regulations and industry standards, 
the Group seeks to take such regulations and standards into account at both the design and manufacturing stages of its

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
 
products in order to ensure compliance with the applicable regulations and standards. The Group’s engineers and 
technicians are trained to follow the design specifications and best practices in the markets in which they operate. As part 
of the quality management system, the Group also monitors its engineering processes through internal audits. For its 
product quality assessments, the Group conducts regular periodic tests to confirm the quality of its products, in particular 
it monitors products which will be subject to significant usage and stress. 
Suppliers 
The Group outsources the production of many of the non-core components included in its products. The principal 
components purchased from outside suppliers, such as hardware parts, engines and electrical components, are available 
from a number of suppliers and the Group Management believes that available sources of supply will generally be sufficient 
for the Group’s needs for the foreseeable future. In addition to purchasing components, the Group also purchases certain 
raw materials for their products from various suppliers. The Group Management also believes that it could replace any of 
the Group’s existing suppliers if it were to lose its ability to purchase components or raw material products from such 
suppliers. 
Employees 
As of 30 June 2021, the Group had 41,105 employees worldwide, as compared to 39,909 as of 30 June 2020. The Group 
Management considers the Group’s relationships with its employees and their labour unions to be good and it has not 
experienced or been subject to any material work stoppage, slowdown or collective employee action. 
Regulation 
The Group operates in an industry, which is subject to comprehensive regulation and governmental supervision. 
Consequently, the Group must obtain licenses, permits and other approvals to operate its manufacturing facilities in the 
countries in which they are located. Furthermore, the manufacturing of the Group’s products is subject to various 
environmental, health, safety and legal requirements. The Group Management believes that the Group is currently in 
compliance in all material respects with the laws and regulations governing the Group’s operations. 
Legal Proceedings 
The Group is involved in various lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. These lawsuits primarily involve claims for 
damages arising out of the use of the Group’s products. The Group is also involved in litigation and administrative 
proceedings relating to other matters, such as tax claims by governmental agencies in various countries. The Group actively 
participates in the defence of all of the lawsuits in which it is a defendant and calculates its exposure to litigation on an 
ongoing basis. The Group maintains Group-wide liability insurance policies which cover, subject to certain deductibles, 
both product liability and general commercial liability, in amounts that the Group Management believes are adequate to 
cover its potential liability relating to its present risk exposure from legal proceedings. It also has the benefit of a number 
of indemnification agreements regarding certain losses, including product liability claims, arising from suits brought 
against companies acquired by the Group. 
On 11 January 2016, the European Commission announced its decision that Belgian tax rulings granted to companies with 
regard to “Excess Profit” shall be considered as illegal state aid and that unpaid taxes shall be reclaimed by the Belgian 
state. The Group had been granted such tax ruling since 2010. Following the European Commission’s decision, the Group 
has paid, in total EUR 313 million (SEK 2,952 million). In 2015, the Group made a provision of EUR 300 million 
(SEK 2,802 million) and paid EUR 239 million (SEK 2,250 million) in 2016. The Group paid the remaining amount of 
EUR 68 million (SEK 655 million) in the second quarter 2017. During 2017, EUR 13 million (SEK 125 million) was 
expensed as an interest cost. The Group paid the amount to prevent the potential liability to the Belgian government and to 
avoid further interest charges. The Belgian government, as well as the Group, appealed the decision to the General Court 
of the European Union (the “EGC”) in Luxembourg, and on 14 February 2019, the EGC annulled the decision taken by 
the European Commission on 11 January 2016. On 3 May 2019, the European Commission appealed the EGC’s 
annulment. The case will consequently be ruled by the European Court of Justice. In September 2020, the European 
Commission also published individual opening decisions stating that the specific decisions granted by Belgium between 
2005 and 2014 regarding tax rulings granted to multinationals with regard to “Excess Profit” violated the EU rules for state 
aid. One of these opening decisions concerns Atlas Copco. It is likely to take several years before final decisions are made. 
Intellectual Property 
The Group’s intellectual property rights include its trademarks for the various brand names it uses, in particular its Atlas 
Copco name and logo. The Group uses each of these trademarks to promote, identify and position its products and services 
and, accordingly, it has registered most of them in countries in which it currently operates. While the Group Management 
considers that in aggregate the Group’s patents and licenses are valuable and important for its business operations, it does 
not believe that the Group is materially dependent on its patents or licenses in any of its business areas.

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
 
Material Agreements 
There are no material agreements that have not been entered into in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, which 
could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to Atlas Copco’s or Atlas Copco 
Finance’s ability to meet their respective obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, or, as the case may be, Atlas 
Copco’s obligations under the Deed of Guarantee. 
The Board of Directors 
Atlas Copco’s board of directors consists of eight elected members, including the president and chief executive officer. 
The board of directors also has two additional members appointed by the labour unions, with one deputy. Atlas Copco 
fulfilled the 2020 requirements of Nasdaq Stockholm and the rules of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code regarding 
independency of board members. 
Under the Swedish Companies Act, the board of directors has ultimate responsibility for the organisation and the executive 
management of Atlas Copco. All directors, other than the union appointees, are elected by resolution of a general meeting 
of shareholders. 
The current board members’ names, their age, the year of their respective initial election, their position and their 
independence is set out in the table below. In addition, the table below sets out their respective holdings of shares in Atlas 
Copco as at 31 December 2020: 
 
Born 
Member 
since 
Position / title 
Independence 
to the Group 
and its 
management 
Independence 
to major 
shareholders 
Class A 
shares held 
as at 31 
December 
2020 
Class B 
shares held 
as at 31 
December 
2020 
Hans Stråberg ..............................  
1957 
2013 
Chairman of the Board 
Yes 
No 
– 
25,000 
Mikael Bergstedt .........................  
1960 
2004 
Board member 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Staffan Bohman ..........................  
1949 
2003 
Board member 
Yes 
Yes 
10,000 
40,000 
Tina Donikowski .........................  
1959 
2017 
Board member 
Yes 
Yes 
– 
– 
Johan Forssell .............................  
1971 
2008 
Board member 
Yes 
No 
– 
11,000 
Benny Larsson ............................  
1972 
2018 
Board member 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Anna Ohlsson-Leijon ..................  
1968 
2020 
Board member 
Yes 
Yes 
– 
– 
Mats Rahmström .........................  
1965 
2017 
President and CEO 
No 
Yes 
13,087 
5,000 
Gordon Riske ..............................  
1957 
2020 
Board member 
Yes 
Yes 
– 
– 
Peter Wallenberg Jr .....................  
1959 
2012 
Board member 
Yes 
No 
166,667 
– 
 
The business address of each of the directors is Atlas Copco AB, SE-105 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Hans Stråberg holds an M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from the Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, 
Sweden. He is the Chairman of the Boards of Directors of SKF AB, Roxtec AB, CTEK AB and Anocca AB. In addition, 
he is a member of the Boards of Directors of Investor AB and Mellby Gård AB. He is a member of The Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences. He was previously the President and CEO of Electrolux AB, and held various leading 
positions within the Electrolux Group, in Sweden and in the United States. He was also previously EU Co-Chair at TABD, 
Trans-Atlantic Business Dialogue. He has held his current position as Chairman since 2014 and was elected in 2013. 
Mikael Bergstedt is the chair of union PTK at Atlas Copco, Sweden. He was elected in 2004. 
Staffan Bohman holds a B.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration from the Stockholm School of Economics in 
Sweden and has completed the Stanford Executive Programme in the United States. He is the Chairman of the Boards of 
Directors of Electrolux AB, the German-Swedish Chamber of Commerce and The Research Institute of Industrial 
Economis. He is also a member of The Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. He was previously the CEO of 
Sapa AB, Gränges AB and DeLaval AB. He was elected in 2003. 
Tina Donikowski holds a B.Sc. in Industrial Management from Gannon University in the United States. She is a member 
of the Boards of Directors of CIRCOR International, Inc, TopBuild, Advanced Energy and Eriez Manufacturing Co. 
Previously, she held various positions with GE Transportation, such as the Vice President for the Global Locomotive 
Business, the Propulsion Business, the Six Sigma Quality Leader and the General Manager of the Aftermarket Sales and 
Service. She was elected in 2017. 
Johan Forssell holds an M.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration from Stockholm School of Economics in 
Sweden. He is a member of the Boards of Directors of EQT AB, Investor AB, Patricia Industries AB, Wärtsilä Oyj Abp, 
Epiroc AB, Confederation of Swedish Enterprise and Stockholm School of Economics. He is President and CEO of Investor 
AB, where he previously has held the position of Managing Director and Head of Core Investments. He was also a member 
of the management group of Investor AB. He was elected in 2008. 
Benny Larsson is the chair of the workshop club, Atlas Copco Tierp, IF Metall. He was elected in 2018.

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
 
Anna Ohlsson-Leijon holds a B.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics from Linköping University, Sweden. She 
is Head of Business Area Europe, Executive Vice President, AB Electrolux, where she previously held the various 
positions, such as Chief Financial Officer of Major Appliances EMEA and Head of Electrolux Corporate Control & 
Services. Previously, she was Chief Financial Officer of Kimoda and she has also held various positions within 
PricewaterhouseCoopers. She was elected 2020. 
Mats Rahmström holds an MBA from the Henley Management College in the United Kingdom. He is the President and 
the CEO of Atlas Copco and a member of the Boards of Directors of the Association of Swedish Engineering Industries, 
Piab AB and Wärtsilä Oyj Abp. He is also a member of The Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. He was 
previously the President of the Atlas Copco Tools and Assembly Systems General Industry division within the Industrial 
Technology business area and the Business Area President for the Industrial Technique business area. He was elected in 
2017. 
Gordon Riske has completed the MBA programme at GSBA, Zurich, Switzerland, in collaboration with the State University 
of New York, the United States, and holds a BBA from Oekreal School of Business, Zurich, Switzerland. He is a member 
of the Executive Board for the non-profit Hertie-Stiftung GmbH and a Non-Executive Director at Weichai Power Co., Ltd. 
He is the Chief Executive Officer of KION Group AG. Previously, he was the Chairman of the Management Board of 
Linde Material Handling GmbH, Chairman of the Management Board of Deutz AG, Managing Director of KUKA Roboter 
GmbH, and held various management positions at KUKA Schweißanlagen & Roboter GmbH and KUKA Welding Systems 
& Robot Corporation. He was elected in 2020. 
Peter Wallenberg Jr holds a BSBA in Hotel Administration from the University of Denver in the United States and an 
International Bachaloria from the American School of Leysin in Switzerland. He is the Chairman of the Boards of Directors 
of Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, Wallenberg Foundations AB and The Grand Group AB. He is also a member 
of the Boards of Directors of Scania AB and EQT Holdings AB. Previously, he was the President and the CEO of The 
Grand Hotel Holdings, General Manager of The Grand Hotel and President Hotel Division Stockholm-Saltsjön. He was 
elected in 2012. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of each of the members of the board of directors of Atlas 
Copco to Atlas Copco and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Group Management 
The current members of the Group Management, their year of birth, the year of their hire date and their position is set out 
in the table below. In addition, the table below sets out their respective holdings of shares in Atlas Copco as at 
31 December 2020. 
 
Born 
Employee 
since 
Position / title 
Class A 
shares held 
as at 31 
December 
2020 
Class B 
shares held 
as at 31 
December 
2020 
Mats Rahmström ......................... 
1965 
1988 
President and CEO 
13,087 
5,000 
Vagner Rego ............................... 
1972 
1996 
Senior Executive Vice President and Business 
Area President Compressor Technique 
3,013 
– 
Geert Follens ............................... 
1959 
1995 
Senior Executive Vice President and Business 
Area President Vacuum Technique 
4,698 
– 
Henrik Elmin ............................... 
1970 
2007 
Senior Executive Vice President and Business 
Area President Industrial Technique 
4,060 
– 
Andrew Walker ........................... 
1961 
1986 
Senior Executive Vice President and Business 
Area President Power Technique 
2,984 
– 
Gisela Lindstrand ........................ 
1962 
2018 
Senior Vice President, Chief Communications 
Officer 
1,368 
– 
Hans Ola Meyer .......................... 
1955 
1991 
Senior Vice President, CFO 
7,686 
37,821 
Håkan Osvald .............................. 
1954 
1985 
Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer 
6,989 
2,600 
Cecilia Sandberg ......................... 
1968 
2017 
Senior Vice President, Chief  Human 
Resources Officer 
2,105 
– 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Group Management is Atlas Copco AB, SE-105 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Mats Rahmström, the President and the CEO of Atlas Copco, holds an MBA from the Henley Management College in the 
United Kingdom. He joined Atlas Copco in 1988 and has held positions in sales, service, marketing and general 
management within the Industrial Technique business area. Between 2006 and 2008, he was the President of the Atlas 
Copco Tools and Assembly Systems General Industry division within the Industrial Technique business area, and before 
he was appointed the President and CEO of Atlas Copco, he was the Business Area President for the Industrial Technique 
business area. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Association of Swedish Engineering Industries, Piab AB

--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
 
and Wärtsilä Oyj Abp. He is also a member of The Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. He has held his 
current position since 2017. 
Vagner Rego, the Senior Executive Vice President and the Business Area President for the Compressor Technique business 
area, holds a Mechanical Engineering from Mackenzie University and an MBA from the Ibmec Business School, both 
located in Brazil. He joined Atlas Copco in 1996. He has held positions in service, marketing and sales at Atlas Copco. In 
2010, he became the Vice President Marketing and Sales for the Compressor Technique Service division based in Belgium. 
Before his position as the President for the Compressor Technique Service division between 2014 and 2016, he was the 
General Manager for the Construction Technique’s customer centre in Brazil. He has held his current position since 2017. 
Geert Follens, the Senior Executive Vice President and the Business Area President for Vacuum Technique, holds an M.Sc. 
in Electromechanical Engineering and a post-graduate degree in Business Economics from the University of Leuven, in 
Belgium. He joined Atlas Copco in 1995. He has held several positions in purchasing, supply chain and general 
management at Atlas Copco. He served as the General Manager of the Atlas Copco Compressor Technique customer centre 
in the United Kingdom. Prior to starting at his current position in 2017, Mr. Follens was first the President of the Portable 
Energy division and then the President of the Industrial Air division. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of SKF. 
Henrik Elmin, the Senior Executive Vice President and the Business Area President for Industrial Technique, holds an 
M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from the Lund Institute of Technology in Sweden and an MBA from INSEAD in France. 
He joined Atlas Copco in 2007 as a General Manager for the Atlas Copco Tools Customer Center Nordic in the Industrial 
Technique business area. In 2012, he was appointed the President of the General Industry Tools and Assembly Systems 
division. Before his current position, he was the President of the Industrial Technique Service division. He has held his 
current position since 2017. 
Andrew Walker, the Senior Executive Vice President and the Business Area President for Power Technique, holds an M.Sc. 
in Industrial Engineering and an MBA from University College Dublin in Ireland. He joined Atlas Copco in Ireland in 
1986 and has since held various management positions in markets in which the Group operates, including the United 
Kingdom, Ireland, Belgium and the United States. Before his current position, Mr. Walker was the President of the Service 
division within the Compressor Technique business area. He has been in his current position since 2014. 
Gisela Lindstrand, the Senior Vice President Corporate Communications and Governmental Affairs, holds a BA in Political 
Science, Macroeconomics and Cultural Geography from Uppsala University, Sweden. She joined Atlas Copco in 2018. 
She started her career in 1983 as a journalist. Between 1989 and 1996, she was a political adviser and press secretary to the 
Prime Minister of Sweden. In 1996, she took on a position as Information Director for SABO, a Swedish Association of 
Public Housing Companies. In 2001, she was appointed Press Relations Manager at NCC AB. Between 2004 and 2007, 
she was Government Affairs Director for Pfizer Inc. In 2007, she started her position as Senior Vice President Corporate 
Communications and Public Affairs at Securitas AB.  
Hans Ola Meyer, the Senior Vice President Controlling and Finance and CFO, holds a B.Sc. in Economics and Business 
Administration from the Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. He joined Atlas Copco in 1978 to work with Group 
accounting and controlling. Later he moved to Ecuador as Financial Manager. Between 1984 and 1991, he held various 
positions at the broker Penningmarknadsmäklarna in Sweden. He returned to Atlas Copco in 1991 as a Business Controller 
in Spain and, in 1993, he became the Senior Vice President, Finance, for Atlas Copco AB and a member of Group 
Management. He is also a member of the Boards of Directors of Upplands Motor Holding AB and Electrolux professional 
AB. 
Håkan Osvald, the Senior Vice President General Counsel, holds a Master of Law degree from Uppsala University in 
Sweden. He joined Atlas Copco in 1985. He has been General Counsel for Atlas Copco North America Inc. and Chicago 
Pneumatic Tool Company in the United States. After that, he was appointed the Vice President Deputy General Counsel 
for the Atlas Copco Group, with a special responsibility for acquisitions. Prior to his current position, he was General 
Counsel Operations and as of 2012 has been Secretary of the Board of Directors for Atlas Copco AB. He is also the 
Chairman of ICC Sweden, reference group Competition and member of the Board of Directors of Sweden-China Trade 
Council. 
Cecilia Sandberg, the Senior Vice President Human Resources, holds a B.Sc. in Human Resources and an M.Sc. in 
Sociology, both from Stockholm University in Sweden. She has held several positions in HR in the airline, pharmaceutical 
and medtech industries. Between 2007 and 2015, Cecilia Sandberg was the Vice President Human Resources for Atlas 
Copco’s Industrial Technique business area. Before she started her current position in 2017, she was the Senior Vice 
President Human Resources at Permobil. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of each of the members of the Group Management to Atlas 
Copco and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
Audit Committee 
The work of the audit committee is directed by the audit committee charter, which is reviewed and approved annually by 
the board of directors. The committee’s primary task is to support the board of directors in fulfilling its responsibilities in 
the areas of audit and internal control, accounting, financial reporting and risk management as well as to supervise the 
financial structure and operations of the Group and approve financial guarantees, delegated by the board of directors. The 
audit committee work further includes reviewing internal audit procedures. 
The current members of the audit committee are Staffan Bohman (chair), Johan Forssell, Anna Ohlsson-Leijon and Hans 
Stråberg. 
Remuneration Committee 
The remuneration committee’s primary task is to propose to the board of directors the remuneration to the President and 
CEO and a long-term incentive plan for key employees. The goal with a long-term incentive plan is to align the interests 
of key personnel with those of the shareholders. The remuneration policy is reviewed annually and the annual general 
meeting held on 23 April 2020 approved the guidelines for remuneration. 
The current members of the remuneration committee are Hans Stråberg (chair), Staffan Bohman and Peter Wallenberg Jr. 
Nomination Committee 
The nomination committee is a shareholders’ committee responsible for nominating persons to be appointed to the board 
of directors at the annual general meeting. The nomination committee annually evaluates the work of the board of directors. 
Further to that, the nomination committee proposes the chair for the annual general meeting, prepares a proposal regarding 
number and names of members of the board of directors, including chair of the board of directors and a proposal for 
remuneration to the chair and other members of the board of directors not employed by Atlas Copco, as well as a proposal 
for remuneration for board committee work. Finally the nomination committee proposes an audit company including 
remuneration for the audit. 
In compliance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and the procedures adopted by the annual general meeting, 
the representatives of the four largest shareholders listed in the shareholders’ register as per the last day of August each 
year, together with the chair of the board of directors shall form the nomination committee. The members of the nomination 
committee for the annual general meeting held on 27 April 2021 were Petra Hedengran (chair), Investor AB, Jan 
Andersson, Swedbank Robur, Mikael Wiberg, Alecta, Helen Fasth Gillstedt, Handelsbanken Fonder AB and Hans 
Stråberg, Atlas Copco AB, Chair. 
Principal Shareholders 
Atlas Copco’s authorised and issued share capital is SEK 786,008,190, which consists of 1,229,613,104 shares of which 
839,394,096 are A shares and 390,219,008 are B shares. Each A share carries one vote and each B share carries one-tenth 
of a vote. Atlas Copco’s largest shareholder is Investor AB, which holds 22.3 per cent. of the voting rights. To avoid any 
abuse of such control and to protect the minority shareholders, there are five independent members on the board of directors. 
In addition, under the Swedish Companies Act there are several provisions which protect minority shareholders such as the 
possibility to block resolutions (made in relation to the amendment of the articles of association, a decrease of the registered 
share capital, mergers and the issue of new shares) and a general provision which entitles shareholders to challenge the 
resolutions adopted by the board of directors if the resolution does not support the main principle that all shareholders 
should be treated equally. The A shares rank pari passu with the B shares with regard to rights of participation in Atlas 
Copco’s assets and profits.

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
 
The following table sets forth, as at 31 December 2020, the 10 largest shareholders (by voting rights) of Atlas Copco that 
are registered directly or as a group with Euroclear Sweden, the Swedish central securities depository, the number of shares 
held by each such shareholder and the percentage of votes and percentage of capital represented by each shareholder. 
 
Number of 
shares owned 
Percentage  
of votes 
Percentage  
of capital 
 
 
(per cent.) 
Identity of person or group 
 
 
 
Investor AB ...............................................................................................................................  
207,754,141 
22.3 
16.9 
Swedbank Robur fonder ............................................................................................................  
45,796,128 
2.7 
3.7 
Alecta Pensionsförsäkring .........................................................................................................  
50,184,516 
2.3 
4.1 
Handelsbanken fonder ...............................................................................................................  
20,777,852 
1.8 
1.7 
SEB Investment Management ...................................................................................................  
15,168,210 
1.6 
1.2 
Folksam .....................................................................................................................................  
14,517,171 
1.1 
1.2 
Första AP-fonden ......................................................................................................................  
12,581,527 
1.0 
1.0 
SPP Fonder AB .........................................................................................................................  
9,839,053 
0.8 
0.8 
Länsförsäkringar fondförvaltning AB .......................................................................................  
6,684,635 
0.6 
0.5 
Nordea Investment Funds ..........................................................................................................  
7,114,582 
0.6 
0.6 
Others ........................................................................................................................................  
   839,195,289 
  65.2 
  68.3 
Total ..........................................................................................................................................  
1,229,613,104 
100.0 
100.0 
 
 
 
 
of which held by Atlas Copco.................................................................................................  
     13,435,542 
1.5 
1.1 
Total, net of shares held by Atlas Copco ...................................................................................  
1,216,177,562 
 
 
 
Related Party Transactions 
The Group has related party relationships with Atlas Copco’s largest shareholder, its associates, joint ventures and with its 
members of the board of directors and the Group Management. Atlas Copco’s largest shareholder, Investor AB, controls 
approximately 22 per cent. of the voting rights in Atlas Copco. 
The Group has not had any transactions with Investor AB during the year other than dividends declared and redemption of 
shares and has no outstanding balances with Investor AB. Investor AB has controlling or significant influence in companies 
with which Atlas Copco may have transactions within the normal course of business. Any such transactions are made on 
commercial terms. 
The Group sold various products and purchased goods through certain associated companies and joint ventures on terms 
generally similar to those prevailing with unrelated parties. 
Additional details regarding the Group’s transactions with related parties is set out in note 28 (Related Parties) of the 
Group’s financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ATLAS COPCO FINANCE 
Atlas Copco Finance is a designated activity company (limited by shares) incorporated under the laws of Ireland with the 
corporate registration number 605099 and is subject to the Irish Companies Act 2014, as amended. Its registered office is 
8th Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, Ireland (telephone number: +353 (0) 870 406 7902). Atlas 
Copco Finance was incorporated in Ireland on 29 May 2017. Atlas Copco is the ultimate parent company of Atlas Copco 
Finance.  
Atlas Copco Finance’s principal trading activity is to be a financing provider to other companies within the Group. For the 
year ended 31 December 2020, Atlas Copco Finance had an average of eight employees. Atlas Copco Finance’s profit for 
the financial year was EUR 139 million and EUR 123 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
Organisation and Operations 
Atlas Copco Finance is an internal finance provider meeting the Group companies’ needs in the areas of funding, currency 
exchange and hedging, deposits, cash pool administration, guarantees, cash management development, funds transfers, and 
settlement of intra-group invoices. 
The Board of Directors 
Atlas Copco Finance’s board of directors consists of five directors.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors of Atlas Copco Finance are:  
 
Position 
Principal activities 
Name 
 
 
Martina Todorova ...........................................  
Director 
Internal Bank Manager, Atlas Copco Finance DAC 
Derek O’Reilly ...............................................  
Director 
Managing Director, Centralis Ireland Limited 
Alex Bongaerts ...............................................  
Director 
Holding BeNeLux France UK Ireland, VP Finance and Administration, 
Atlas Copco Airpower NV 
Kenneth Lagerborg .........................................  
Director 
Group Treasurer, Atlas Copco AB 
Brian Culligan ................................................  
Director 
Director, Centralis Ireland Limited 
 
The business address of each of the directors of Atlas Copco Finance is 8th Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Road, 
Dublin 2, Ireland. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of each of the members of the board of directors of Atlas 
Copco Finance to Atlas Copco Finance and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Company Secretary 
The company secretary of Atlas Copco Finance is Centralis Ireland Limited. 
Shareholders 
Atlas Copco Finance is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Atlas Copco. The issued share capital of Atlas Copco Finance 
is EUR 5,164,631,001, consisting of 5,164,631,001 ordinary shares. The rights of Atlas Copco as a shareholder in Atlas 
Copco Finance are contained in the articles of association of Atlas Copco Finance. Atlas Copco Finance is managed in 
accordance with those articles and with the provisions of Irish law.

--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain EU, Swedish and Irish tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
“participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of 
Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed 
to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required 
to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. Neither of the Issuers nor the Guarantor is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the relevant Issuer). 
However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
Swedish Taxation  
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to Noteholders that, unless otherwise stated, 
are not considered to be tax resident for Swedish tax purposes. The summary is based on the laws of the Kingdom of 
Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. The summary does not address the rules 
regarding obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Investors should consult their professional tax advisors 
regarding the Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) 
of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
 
Holders Not Resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the holder of 
any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income or other tax, provided that such holder is not resident in Sweden for 
Swedish tax purposes and provided that such holder does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden to which any 
Notes are effectively connected. 
For Noteholders that are private individuals or corporations that are not resident in Sweden, Atlas Copco will not have an 
obligation to withhold any interest payable under any Notes. This is because Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax 
deduction is not imposed on payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a holder, except for payments of interest to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes. No deduction or withholding of tax is required under the laws of Sweden 
from any payment (except for payments to Swedish tax resident individuals or Swedish estates of deceased Swedish tax 
resident individuals) that Atlas Copco may be required to make under the terms of the Agreements. 
Capital gains on disposal of Notes will not be subject to Swedish income or other tax provided that the holder is not tax 
resident in Sweden and provided that the holder does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden to which any Notes 
are effectively connected. 
For private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals), Atlas Copco is obliged to file an Annual Statement of Income 
and Tax Deductions (Sw: kontrolluppgift) to the Swedish tax agency. Additionally, if Atlas Copco makes a total payment 
exceeding SEK 150,000 to the holder of any Notes, the Swedish bank or financial institution transferring the amount will 
have an obligation to notify the Swedish tax agency about the amount transferred. 
Holders Resident in Sweden 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with residence in Sweden 
for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and 
capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax consequences, however, may be applicable to certain categories of 
corporations, such as investment companies and life insurance companies. 
For resident private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals), Atlas Copco will have an obligation to withhold tax 
on the interest paid to the holder of any Notes. Atlas Copco is obliged to file an Annual Statement of Income and Tax 
Deductions to the Swedish tax agency. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish tax consequences for individuals and companies of ownership of the 
Notes based on the laws and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland and may be subject 
to change. It deals with Noteholders who beneficially own their Notes as an investment. Particular rules not discussed 
below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, such as dealers in securities, trusts etc. The summary does 
not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors in the Notes 
should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes 
and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
Withholding Tax – Atlas Copco 
For any Notes issued by Atlas Copco, in general tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required 
to be withheld from payments of Irish source interest. Atlas Copco will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from 
payments of interest on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on the 
Notes may be treated as having an Irish source if: 
(a) 
Atlas Copco is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(b) 
Atlas Copco has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which are used to fund 
the payments on the Notes; or 
(c) 
Atlas Copco is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes, but the register for the Notes is maintained in Ireland or 
(if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that: (i) Atlas Copco is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) Atlas Copco does not 
and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) bearer Notes will not be physically located in 
Ireland and Atlas Copco will not maintain a register of any registered Notes in Ireland.

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
 
Withholding Tax – Atlas Copco Finance 
For any Notes issued by Atlas Copco Finance, in general tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is 
required to be withheld from payments of Irish source interest which should include interest payable on those Notes. Atlas 
Copco Finance will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax from a payment 
of interest where the interest falls within one of the following categories and meets the relevant conditions: 
(a) 
Interest paid on a quoted Eurobond: 
A quoted Eurobond is a security which is issued by a company (such as Atlas Copco Finance), is listed on a 
recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin) and carries a right to interest. Provided that the Notes issued 
under this Programme carry an amount in respect of interest and are listed on Euronext Dublin (or any other 
recognised stock exchange), interest paid on them can be paid free of withholding tax provided the person by or 
through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland, either: 
(A) 
the Notes are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners; (DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or 
(B) 
the Noteholder is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as a paying 
agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
Thus, so long as the Notes issued by Atlas Copco Finance continue to be quoted on Euronext Dublin and are held 
in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by any paying agent acting on 
behalf of Atlas Copco Finance without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. If the 
Notes continue to be quoted but cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Notes issued by 
Atlas Copco Finance may be paid without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax 
provided such payment is made through a paying agent outside Ireland. 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Notes which are profit dependent or any part of which exceeds a 
reasonable commercial return could, under certain anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a 
non-deductible distribution and so be subject to dividend withholding tax in certain circumstances. However, this 
should not apply on the basis of a confirmation by Atlas Copco Finance that, at the time the Notes were issued, 
Atlas Copco Finance was not in possession or aware of any information, including information about any 
arrangement or understanding in relation to ownership of the Notes after that time, which could reasonably be 
taken to indicate that interest or other distributions paid on the Notes would not be subject, without reduction 
computed by reference to the amount of such interest or other distribution, to a tax in a relevant territory which 
generally applies to profits, income or gains received in that relevant territory by persons from sources outside 
that relevant territory, where the term “relevant territory” means a member state of the European Union (other 
than Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty. 
(b) 
Short interest: 
Short interest is interest payable on a debt for a fixed period that is not intended to exceed and, in fact, does not 
exceed, 364 days. The test is a commercial test applied to the commercial intent of each series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. For example, if there is an arrangement or understanding (whether legally binding or not) 
for the relevant series of Notes (or particular Note within a series) to have a life of 365 days or more, the interest 
paid on the relevant Note(s) will not be short interest and, unless an exemption applies, a withholding will arise. 
Short interest paid on the Notes can be paid free of withholding tax. 
(c) 
Interest paid on a wholesale debt instrument: 
A “wholesale debt instrument” includes commercial paper (as defined in Section 246A(1) of the TCA). In that 
context “commercial paper” means a debt instrument, either in physical or electronic form, relating to money in 
any currency, which is issued by a company, recognises an obligation to pay a stated amount, carries a right to 
interest or is issued at a discount or at a premium, and matures within 2 years. The exemption from Irish 
withholding tax applies if: 
(i) 
the wholesale debt instrument is held in a recognised clearing system (which includes Clearstream, DTC 
and Euroclear); and 
(ii) 
the wholesale debt instrument is of an approved denomination; and in this context an approved 
denomination means a denomination of not less than: 
(A) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in euro, EUR 500,000; 
(B) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in U.S. dollars, U.S.$ 500,000; or

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
 
(C) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in a currency other than euro or U.S. dollars, the 
equivalent in that other currency of EUR 500,000 (using the conversion rate applicable at the 
time the programme under which the instrument is to be issued is first publicised). 
Discounts paid on the Notes will not be subject to Irish withholding tax. 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per cent.) from interest on any 
Note, where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. 
Encashment tax will not apply where (i) the holder of the Notes is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the 
prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within 
the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest. 
Stamp Duty 
Issuance of Notes 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Notes issued by Atlas Copco 
Finance provided Atlas Copco Finance is a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA and the 
proceeds of the Notes are used in the course of the Atlas Copco Finance’s business. No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed 
in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption for cash of the Notes issued by Atlas Copco.

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the relevant Issuer to any one or more of Bank of China Limited, London Branch, 
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Svenska Handelsbanken AB 
(publ) (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the relevant 
Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 23 July 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and 
made between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form 
and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or, if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
If Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it 
will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S, and that such Dealer will have sent to each 
dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, an offer or sale of 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
 
in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may, make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
1. 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
2. 
the expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision: 
● 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
● 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in 
which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Kingdom of Sweden  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations 
to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in 
the Kingdom of Sweden except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to 
the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Ireland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the “MiFID II 
Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions 
concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or any codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Irish 
Companies Act, the Central Bank Acts 1942–2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 
2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act; and 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
 
(Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1370 of the Irish Companies Act. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” in 
the relevant Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)  
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii)  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)  
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v)  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that so far as it is aware, it has complied and will comply to the best of 
its knowledge with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers and the Guarantor. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme, the annual updates thereof, the issue of Notes and (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the giving of the Guarantee have been authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of  Atlas Copco 
passed on 26 April 2007 and 27 April 2021. The participation in the Programme of Atlas Copco Finance as an 
Issuer, and the annual update of the Programme, was duly authorised by resolutions of Atlas Copco Finance passed 
on 5 July 2019 and 14 July 2021, respectively. The Issuers and the Guarantor have obtained or will obtain from 
time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Except as disclosed on page 74 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the 
Guarantor are aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, 
a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers, the Guarantor and their respective 
Subsidiaries.  
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Atlas Copco or Atlas 
Copco and its Subsidiaries and, since 30 June 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of Atlas Copco or Atlas Copco and its Subsidiaries. 
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Atlas Copco Finance and 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Atlas Copco Finance.  
Auditors of the Issuers 
4. 
The consolidated financial statements of Atlas Copco have been audited without qualification for the year ended 
31 December 2020 by Ernst & Young AB (“Ernst & Young”), Hamngatan 26, SE 111 47 Stockholm, Sweden, 
Swedish authorized public accountants. Ernst & Young is a member of FAR (the Swedish Institute of Authorised 
Public Accountants). The consolidated financial statements of Atlas Copco have been audited without 
qualification for the year ended 31 December 2019 by Deloitte AB (“Deloitte”), Rehnsgatan 11, SE 113 70 
Stockholm, Sweden, Swedish authorised public accountants. Deloitte is a member of FAR (the Swedish Institute 
of Authorised Public Accountants). 
The financial statements of Atlas Copco Finance have been audited without qualification for the year ended 
31 December 2020 by Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants (“Ernst & Young Ireland”), Harcourt Centre, 
Harcourt Street Dublin 2, Ireland. Ernst & Young Ireland is registered by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
in Ireland. The financial statements of Atlas Copco Finance have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 31 December 2019, by Deloitte Ireland LLP (“Deloitte Ireland”), 29 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, 
D02AY28, Ireland. Deloitte Ireland is registered by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland.  
Documents on Display 
5. 
Electronic copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection for the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the certificate of registration and articles of association of each of Atlas Copco (together with English 
translations thereof) and Atlas Copco Finance; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Deed of Guarantee; and 
(e) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Global Notes and the Definitive Notes).  
The translation of the certificate of registration and articles of association of Atlas Copco are direct translations 
of the original documents and are true any accurate translations, however, in the event of any discrepancy, the 
original foreign language version of the document will govern.

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
 
The certificate of registration and articles of association of Atlas Copco Finance are available on Euronext 
Dublin’s website at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/23102/documents. 
The documents listed above in paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) are available on the Atlas Copco Group website at 
https://www.atlascopcogroup.com/en/investor-relations/atlas-copco-debt. 
Material Contracts 
6. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor their respective subsidiaries are party to any material contracts outside the 
ordinary course of their business which could result in them being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to their ability to make payments under any Notes.  
Clearing of the Notes 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as 
shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Passporting 
8. 
The Issuers may, after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more certificates of approval 
under Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Ireland to be issued by Euronext Dublin to 
the competent authority in any Member State. 
9. 
The Issuers do not intend to provide post issuance information. 
Listing 
10. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or 
more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 23 July 2021. 
Listing Agent 
11. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Language 
12. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.

--- Page 97 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUERS 
 
Atlas Copco Finance DAC 
Atlas Copco AB 
8th Floor, Block E 
SE 105 23 Stockholm 
Iveagh Court 
Sweden 
Harcourt Road 
 
Dublin 2 
 
Ireland 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
 
Atlas Copco AB 
SE 105 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Bank of China Limited, London 
Branch 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG 
1 Lothbury 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Reuterweg 16 
London EC2R 7DB 
75009 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
United Kingdom 
France 
Germany  
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
Winchester House 
Canada Square 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
1 Great Winchester Street 
Canary Wharf 
Denmark 
London EC2N 2DB 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
00020 Nordea 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Helsinki 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Finland

--- Page 98 ---
FISCAL AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
PAYING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
 
 
as to English law: 
as to Irish law: 
as to Swedish law: 
 
 
 
White & Case LLP 
Arthur Cox LLP 
White & Case Advokat AB 
5 Old Broad Street 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Biblioteksgatan 12 
London EC2N 1DW 
Dublin 2 
Box 5573 
United Kingdom 
Ireland 
SE–114 85 Stockholm 
 
 
Sweden 
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
 
Ernst & Young AB 
Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants 
Hamngatan 26 
Harcourt Centre 
SE 111 47 Stockholm 
Harcourt Street Dublin 2 
Sweden 
Ireland