--- Page 1 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
€7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this offering circular (the “Offering Circular”) (the “Programme”), Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. (“ASPI”, 
“Autostrade Italia” or the “Issuer”) may, from time to time, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, issue medium term debt securities in 
either bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes” and, together, the “Notes”).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined below) and applicable laws and regulations in force from time to time. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers named below or any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”).  References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, shall be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
This Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 
(as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Offering Circular and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  Additionally, such approval relates only to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or other regulated markets 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a 
“Member State”).  Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and certain other information completing the 
terms and conditions which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Overview of the Programme”) of Notes issued under the Programme will be set out in final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes 
not admitted to trading on any market. 
Where Notes issued under the Programme are listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes will not have a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or, in the case of Notes that are not denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof in such other currency). 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area.  The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these see the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 9. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) in the case of Registered Notes, or as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations 
thereunder in the case of Bearer Notes).  See “Forms of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued.  Registered Notes are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer.  See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Autostrade Italia’s long-term debt is currently rated BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), BBB by Fitch Italia Società Italiana per il Rating S.p.A. (“Fitch”) 
and Baa3 by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A.  (“Moody’s”).  Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No.1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and as such is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Tranches of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or to Notes 
already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms.  A security rating and/or an issuer corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a 
“Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Notes, the “Bearer Global Notes”).  Registered Notes will be represented by registered certificates (each 
a “Certificate”, which term shall include where appropriate registered certificates in global form) (“Registered Global Notes”, and together with the Bearer Global Notes, the 
“Global Notes”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each registered Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series (as defined under “Overview of the 
Programme” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”).  Global Notes may be deposited on the Issue Date (as defined herein) with a common depositary or a common 
safekeeper (as applicable) on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”).  The provisions governing the 
exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes are described in the section entitled “Forms of the Notes” of this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein (the “Conditions”), in 
which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to the Notes. 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Dealers  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Barclays 
Bayerische Landesbank 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan  
Mediobanca  
MUFG  
Morgan Stanley  
NATIXIS  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
UniCredit 
The date of this Offering Circular is 22 December 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(ii) 
 
 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
This Offering Circular is a “base prospectus” in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
this Offering Circular and, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Offering Circular is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Offering Circular contains all information 
with respect to itself and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (Autostrade Italia, together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, the “Group”) and the Notes, which according to the particular nature of the Issuer 
and the Notes is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position, and the prospects of the Issuer and of any rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance of any Notes and its impact on the Issuer and is (in the context of the Programme 
and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material, that the statements contained in it are in every material 
particular true and accurate and not misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed in this Offering 
Circular are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on 
reasonable assumptions, that there are no other facts, the omission of which would, in the context of the issue 
and offering of the Notes, make any statement in this Offering Circular misleading in any material respect and 
that all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of 
all such information and statements. 
This Offering Circular is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms.  See “Incorporation by Reference” 
below.  This Offering Circular shall, save as specified herein, be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are so incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or any other member of their group (including parent companies) or BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited (the “Trustee”) that any recipient of the Offering Circular or any Final Terms should subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes.  Each recipient shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
financial condition of the Issuer and the Group. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the 
Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of this Offering Circular or any further information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution.  None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates (including parent companies) or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the 
contents of this Offering Circular or any document incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or the 
distribution of any such document or with regard to any other information supplied by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer.  Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes must make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Group. 
Furthermore, with respect to Notes described as “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes”, none of the 
Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) will verify 
or monitor if such Notes satisfy the investors’ requirements or standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition and the EV Charging Points 
Condition, as well as the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity 
Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition and the EV Charging Points Threshold 
with the investment requirements and expectations of any potential investor in such Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any 
of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies).

--- Page 3 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(iii) 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances create any implication that, since the date of this Offering Circular or the date upon which it has 
been most recently amended or supplemented, there has not been any change, or any development or event, 
which is materially adverse to the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, results of operations or general 
affairs of the Issuer or the Group.  The Arrangers, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the Programme or to advise 
any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.  Investors should review, inter alia, the 
most recently published financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  None of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee represents that this Offering Circular 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been 
taken by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except in 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms.  Persons who obtain this Offering 
Circular or any Notes must inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.  In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan.  For a description of these and 
certain further restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and distribution of this Offering Circular, see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
This Offering Circular has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of Notes in 
reliance upon Regulation S outside the United States to non-U.S. persons or in transactions otherwise exempt 
from registration.  Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised.  It may not be copied or 
reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the 
prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 , as amended (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate.  Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(iv) 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018.  Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPS 
Regulation as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Amounts payable under any floating rate notes issued under the 
Programme may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  As at the date of this Offering Circular, EURIBOR is provided and administered 
by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”).  At the date of this Offering Circular, EMMI is authorised 
as a benchmark administrator, and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the “BMR”). 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any State 
securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority nor have any of the foregoing 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the adequacy of 
this Offering Circular.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €7,000,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined below).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement and applicable laws and regulations in force from time to 
time. 
The language of this Offering Circular is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Offering Circular regarding the Group’s 
business financial condition, results of operations and certain of the Group’s plans, objectives, assumptions, 
expectations or beliefs with respect to these items and statements regarding other future events or prospects are 
forward-looking statements.  These statements include, without limitation, those concerning:  the Group’s

--- Page 5 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(v) 
 
 
strategy and the Group’s ability to achieve it; expectations regarding revenues, profitability and growth; plans 
for the launch of new services; the Group’s possible or assumed future results of operations; research and 
development, capital expenditure and investment plans; adequacy of capital; and financing plans.  The words 
“aim”, “may”, “will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “future”, “continue”, “help”, “estimate”, “plan”, 
“intend”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “shall” or the negative or other variations thereof as well as other 
statements regarding matters that are not historical fact, are or may constitute forward-looking statements.  In 
addition, this Offering Circular includes forward-looking statements relating to the Group’s potential exposure 
to various types of market risks, such as foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risks and other risks related to 
financial assets and liabilities.  These forward-looking statements have been based on the Group’s 
management’s current view with respect to future events and financial performance.  These views reflect the 
best judgment of the Group’s management but involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements and from past results, 
performance or achievements.  Although the Group believes that the estimates reflected in the forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, such estimates may prove to be incorrect.  By their nature, forward-looking 
statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will 
occur in the future.  There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-thinking statements.  Prospective investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  Neither the Issuer nor the Group 
undertakes any obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances 
after the date hereof.  Prospective purchasers are also urged carefully to review and consider the various 
disclosures made by the Issuer and the Group in this Offering Circular which attempt to advise interested parties 
of the factors that affect the Issuer, the Group and their business, including the disclosures made under “Risk 
Factors” and “Business Description of the Group”. 
The Issuer does not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise.  All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable 
to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements 
contained throughout this Offering Circular.  As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors 
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results or 
otherwise. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other industry data 
pertaining to the Group’s business contained in this Offering Circular consists of estimates based on data reports 
compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data from other external sources, and on the Group’s 
knowledge of its sales and markets.  In many cases, there is no readily available external information (whether 
from trade associations, government bodies or other organisations) to validate market-related analyses and 
estimates, requiring the Group to rely on internally developed estimates.  The Group has compiled, extracted 
and correctly reproduced market or other industry data, and information taken from external sources, including 
third parties or industry or general publications, has been identified where used and accurately reproduced and 
as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by those external sources, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Such information has been sourced from AISCAT:  “Summary of Italian motorway network under concession 
as of 31 December 2020” (“Quadro riassuntivo della rete autostradale in concessione al 31.12.2020”); the 
Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure and Mobility:  “Conto Nazionale delle Infrastrutture e della Mobilità 
Sostenibili 2019 – 2020” and ISTAT.  The Issuer accepts responsibility for accurately reproducing the 
information and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by AISCAT 
and the Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport, no facts have been omitted which would render such 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
SUPPLEMENTS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this 
Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, it shall prepare a supplement to this 
Offering Circular or publish a replacement Offering Circular for use in connection with any subsequent offering

--- Page 6 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(vi) 
 
 
of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer any number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may 
reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of 
this Offering Circular entitled “Form of Final Terms”.  To the extent that the information relating to that Tranche 
of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Offering Circular, 
and a supplement is not prepared in accordance with the previous paragraph, a separate prospectus specific to 
such Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available and will contain such information.  Each 
Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the Group and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 5.3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the 
Group, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a 
summary note.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in 
this Offering Circular to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires 
otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO STEP UP NOTES AND PREMIUM PAYMENT NOTES 
The Issuer may also issue Notes which are categorised as Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes under the 
Programme. Unlike so-called “green bonds”,Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes  are not intended by the 
Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled projects but will be used for general corporate purposes. In such circumstances, 
prospective investors should have regard to the information set out under, or referred to in, Condition 5(k) (Step 
Up Option and Premium Payment) and the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own circumstances. No 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee 
or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil 
environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. 
In connection with the issue of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has 
published a “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” in December 2022, in accordance with, among 
others, the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the ICMA and the 2021 Sustainability-
Linked Loan Principals published by the LMA  (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”). 
Moody’s ESG Solutions France SAS has reviewed the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and 
issued a second party opinion on 30 November 2022 (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Second-party Opinion”). The Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the related 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are available on the Issuer’s website within 
the sustainable finance section: https://www.autostrade.it/en/investor-relations/sostenibilita/finanza-sostenibile.  
In addition, in connection with the issue of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes under the Programme, 
the Issuer will engage an External Verifier to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of 
providing an Assurance Report in relation to the Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, as applicable, 
pursuant to Conditions 5(k)(i) (Step Up Option) and 5(k)(ii) (Premium Payment). Also such documents will be 
accessible through the Issuer’s website (in the same section in which the related Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework Second-party Opinion are available). However, any information on, or accessible through, the 
Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions or report or any past or future Assurance Report is not 
part of this Offering Circular and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme.  
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any such 
frameworks, opinions, reports, sustainability ratings, certifications (such as the Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework Second-party Opinion) and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of any such 
document for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports, 
certifications and sustainability ratings are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their 
affiliates (including parent companies), as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion, report, certification or sustainability rating of any third party in connection with the offering of any

--- Page 7 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(vii) 
 
 
Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report, certification or 
sustainability rating and any other document related thereto (including, without limitation, the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Offering Circular (unless otherwise expressly stated). 
Furthermore, in the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
Dealer or any of their affiliates (including parent companies) that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
See also the Risk Factors headed “Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment 
for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics.”, “The Step Up Notes and the 
Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators.” and 
“Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of any Step 
Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Group to reputational 
risks.” below. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor in the Notes should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal, premium or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal, premium or 
interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal, premium or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.  In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their 
own independent examination of the Issuer and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and 
risks involved.  None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the 
Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the Notes should be 
able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 8 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(viii) 
 
 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
USE OF WEBSITES 
In this Offering Circular, references to websites are included for information purposes only.  The contents of 
any websites (except for the documents or portions thereof incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular 
to the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this Offering Circular do not form part of this Offering 
Circular unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer(s) (if any) disclosed as the 
stabilising manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or any person acting on its or their behalf) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of a Series (as defined 
below) of which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited 
period.  However, there is no assurance that stabilisation may necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes.  All such transactions will be carried out in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will have the 
meaning attributed to them in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of 
this Offering Circular. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Offering Circular have the following meanings: 
“Autostrade Italia Concession” means the concession held by Autostrade Italia to operate a section of the 
Italian toll motorway network, governed by the Single Concession Contract; 
“Concession Grantor” or “MIT” refers to the Italian Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure and Transport; 
“EFP” means the economic and financial plan relating to concessions to operate Italian toll motorways; 
“euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended 
“GDP” means gross domestic product; 
“MEF” refers to the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance; 
“Milleproroghe Decree” refers to Law Decree No. 162 of 30 December 2019, converted into law by Law No. 8 
of 28 February 2020; 
“Single Concession Contract” means the concession agreement entered into on 12 October 2007 between 
Autostrade Italia and ANAS S.p.A. (subsequently replaced by the MIT) which governs the Autostrade Italia 
Concession, as approved by Law No. 101/2008, as from time to time amended and supplemented; 
“Transport Regulatory Authority” refers to the Italian Autorità di Regolazione dei Trasporti.

--- Page 9 ---
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
(ix) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 9 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................................ 39 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA ............................................................................. 41 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................ 44 
THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................................................... 45 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ................................................................................................ 47 
REGULATORY ................................................................................................................................................ 92 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................ 111 
SHAREHOLDERS.......................................................................................................................................... 116 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................ 124 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 172 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES ........................................................................................... 185 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................... 186 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................. 196 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 199

--- Page 10 ---
1 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme as provided under Article 25(1)(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 219/980.  The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  Words and expressions defined or 
used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this summary.  The Issuer 
may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” herein, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined above) will be published. 
Issuer .................................................. 
Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier ........ 
815600149448CEB9B230 
Description ......................................... 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size ...................................................... 
Up to €7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arrangers ........................................... 
BNP Paribas
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers ................................................ 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
Bayerische Landesbank 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
 
NATIXIS 
 
Société Générale 
 
UniCredit Bank AG

--- Page 11 ---
2 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either 
in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme.  References in this Offering Circular to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Trustee ................................................ 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited.
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent . 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.
Paying Agent and Transfer Agent ... 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.
Registrar ............................................. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch.
Method of Issue .................................. 
Notes may be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series.  Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates.  Each Tranche 
will be issued on the terms set out herein under the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies .......................................... 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, including, without limitation, euro, Sterling, United States 
dollars and Japanese yen. 
Certain Restrictions .......................... 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time.  See “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Maturities ........................................... 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes will have a minimum maturity of 18 months 
and one day. 
Issue Price .......................................... 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Forms of the Notes ............................. 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in “Forms of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa.  No single Series or 
Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Each Bearer Global 
Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
“Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or

--- Page 12 ---
3 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Each Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
If TEFRA D (as defined below) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note.  Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms.  Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by 
individual certificates or one or more Registered Global Notes, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Note represented by a Registered Global Note will either be:  
(a) in the case of a Registered Global Note which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure (“New Safekeeping 
Structure” or “NSS”), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a 
Registered Global Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Clearing Systems ............................... 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Rate Notes ................................ 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and on redemption, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
Floating Rate Notes ........................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest, as determined separately for 
each Series, either: 
(i) at a rate determined on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant specified 
currency governed by an agreement incorporating (a) the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) or (b) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of 
ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each

--- Page 13 ---
4 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as 
published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series;  
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or  
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes ........................... 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as selected prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on the Interest Payment Dates specified in, or 
determined pursuant to, the applicable Final Terms and will be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction so specified. 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. 
 
The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period.  All such 
information will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes ............................ 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Step Up Notes ..................................... 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a Step 
Up Option if the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be, indicate that the Step Up Option is applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be subject to adjustment 
in the event of a Step Up Event. See Condition 5(k)(i) (Step Up 
Option). 
Premium Payment Notes .................. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to a Premium 
Payment Condition if the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, indicate that the Premium Payment 
Condition is applicable.  
If a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
pay in respect of each Premium Payment Note of the relevant 
Series an amount equal to the relevant Premium Payment Amount 
on the Premium Payment Date. See Condition 5(k)(ii) (Premium 
Payment). 
With respect to Notes described as “Step Up Notes” or “Premium 
Payment Notes”, none of the Arrangers, the or Dealers, the Trustee 
or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
will verify or monitor if such Notes satisfy the investors’ 
requirements or standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity

--- Page 14 ---
5 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition and the 
EV Charging Points Condition, as well as the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) 
Intensity Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) 
Intensity Percentage Threshold and the EV Charging Points 
Threshold with the investment requirements and expectations of 
any potential investor in such Notes. 
Benchmark Discontinuation ............. 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may (subject 
to certain conditions and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any, and any Benchmark Amendments (each term as defined in the 
Conditions) in accordance with Condition 5(j) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons ... 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time, upon giving not less than thirty (30) nor 
more than sixty (60) days’ irrevocable notice to the Trustee and the 
Noteholders if the Issuer will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as described under Condition 8 (Taxation) and conditions 
are met.  See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, 
Purchase and Options — Redemption for Taxation Reasons”. 
Call Option ......................................... 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase and Options — 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s 
Options”. 
Clean-up Call Option ........................ 
If Clean-Up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased 
and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, subject to the 
provisions of the relevant Terms and Conditions and having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes at their 
principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption.  See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes — Redemption, Purchase and Options — Clean-up Call 
Option”. 
Issuer Maturity par Call Option ...... 
If Issuer Maturity par Call Option is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time during 
the period starting three months prior to (but excluding) the 
relevant Maturity Date, subject to the provisions of the relevant 
Terms and Conditions and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the relevant Notes at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 15 ---
6 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase 
and Options — Issuer Maturity Par Call Option”. 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Holders on the Occurrence of a 
Relevant Event ................................... 
The Notes will be redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders in the event that a Concession Event or a Trigger 
Event occurs.  A Concession Event shall occur if the Autostrade 
Italia Concession or the Single Concession Contract is revoked, 
terminated or, as the case may be, withdrawn and such revocation, 
termination or, as the case may be, withdrawal becomes effective 
and in each case (provided the Issuer continues to manage the toll 
road network object of the Autostrade Italia Concession and to 
collect related revenues from when the revocation, termination or, 
as the case may be, withdrawal becomes effective until it receives 
the termination payment) Autostrade Italia receives a termination 
payment to be determined in accordance with the Autostrade Italia 
Concession and/or the Single Concession Contract.  A Trigger 
Event shall occur if the Issuer announces that a put event has 
occurred in respect of any Relevant Debt in respect of which 
Autostrade Italia is the principal debtor and the relevant 
noteholders become entitled as a result thereof to request the Issuer 
to redeem such notes,  See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Denomination of Notes ...................... 
Bearer Notes may be issued in any denominations agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or, in the case of Notes that are not 
denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof in such currency).  
Registered Notes may be issued in a denomination consisting of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) plus integral 
multiples of a smaller amount. 
Withholding Tax ................................ 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be made free and clear of, and without any withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within Italy, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law.  In such a case, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, in 
each case subject to certain customary exceptions, as further 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”. 
Substitution ........................................ 
The Trustee and the Issuer are permitted to agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or, where relevant, the Couponholders, 
to the substitution of any successor, transferee or assignee of the 
Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer or its successor in business in 
place of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions, 
as more fully set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution” 
and in the Trust Deed. 
Negative Pledge .................................. 
Yes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default...................................... 
Yes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Events of Default”. 
Status of the Notes ............................. 
The Notes constitute “obbligazioni” pursuant to Article 2410 et 
seq. of the Italian Civil Code and (subject to Condition 4(a))

--- Page 16 ---
7 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and at least 
pari passu with all senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
Listing and Admission to Trading ... 
The Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a “base 
prospectus” for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms which, 
with respect to Notes to be admitted to Euronext Dublin, will be 
delivered to Euronext Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Listing Agent ...................................... 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited. 
Governing Law .................................. 
The Notes, the Dealer Agreement, the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with any of them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, save for mandatory provisions of 
Italian law in certain cases. 
Ratings ................................................ 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) of the Issuer or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  The Final Terms will also disclose whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
has been (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered (or which has applied for registration and not been 
refused) under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed 
by a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is 
not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency operating in the EEA before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted an application for registration in accordance with the

--- Page 17 ---
8 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
CRA Regulation and such registration has not been refused, or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
 
UK regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory 
purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third 
country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.  Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case 
may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  In the 
case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
Selling Restrictions ............................ 
United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy and 
France), the United Kingdom and Japan, as further described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” 
below. 
 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes 
of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Risk Factors ....................................... 
Refer to “Risk Factors” below for a summary of certain risks 
involved in investing in the Notes.  Prospective Noteholders should 
consider carefully all information contained in this Offering 
Circular 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
any 
documents 
incorporated by reference therein and any supplement thereto) and 
reach their own views, based upon their own judgment and upon 
advice from such financial, tax and legal advisers they have 
deemed necessary, before making any investment decision.

--- Page 18 ---
9 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is not possible 
to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware 
of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as 
a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control.  The Issuer has identified in this Offering 
Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments 
due under the Notes.  Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  In addition, factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Offering Circular have the same meaning in this section.  
Prospective Noteholders should read the entire Offering Circular. 
RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S 
ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
Risks relating to the financial condition and future performance of the Group 
The Group is dependent on Concessions, and in particular the Autostrade Italia Concession, which account 
for substantially all of the Group’s revenues. 
The Group is mainly dependent on the Concessions that have been granted to the Motorway Companies (each 
as defined in “Business Description of the Group — Introduction — Business of the Group”) to operate various 
toll roads in Italy.  For the year ended 31 December 2021 and the six months ended 30 June 2022, 72.3% and 
74.8%, respectively, of the Group’s revenues were derived from toll revenues on motorways under the 
Concessions.  The Concessions of the Motorway Companies are currently set to expire between 2032 and 2050.  
In particular, the Autostrade Italia Concession, which accounted for 92.2% and 93.4% (in each case excluding 
consolidated adjustments) of the Group’s toll revenue in 2021 and for the six months ended 30 June 2022, 
respectively, will expire in 2038.  Upon the expiry of each Concession, the relevant part of the Italian Group 
Network and related infrastructure must revert in a good state of repair, subject in some cases to the payment of 
compensation, to the Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure and Mobility (the “Concession Grantor” or 
“MIT”), or, in the case of the Mont Blanc tunnel, to the Italian and the French Governments.  See “Regulatory” 
for further information. 
The revocation or early termination of Concessions held by the Group, and in particular the Autostrade Italia 
Concession, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. See also “The loss of 
any Concession, penalties or sanctions for non performance or default under a Concession, or the suspension 
of tariff increases may adversely affect the financial results and operations of the Group” 
Moreover, no assurance can be given that the Group will enter into new concessions to permit it to carry on its 
core business after the expiry of its existing Concessions, or that any new concessions entered into or renewals 
of existing Concessions will be on terms similar to those of its current Concessions.  The occurrence of any of 
these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Risks related to Italian and global macroeconomics factors. 
The performance of the Group is influenced by Italian and international macroeconomic conditions. Global and 
Italian macro-economic conditions have been, and continue to be, affected by the effects of Covid-19, which 
has spread to numerous countries throughout the globe since March 2020. See “ – The Covid-19 virus health 
emergency has had, and may continue to have in the future, a significant impact on the Group’s toll revenues 
and other operating income and on the Issuer’s ability to generate sufficient cash from the collection of tolls”

--- Page 19 ---
10 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The slowdown of economies (e.g. China, Italy, France, Spain, the United Kingdom, other European countries 
and the United States), as well as the reduction in global trade and commerce more generally, have had - and 
are likely to continue to have - negative effects on global economic conditions as global production, investments, 
supply chains and consumer spending are affected and further restrictions are implemented. 
A number of uncertainties remain in the current macroeconomic environment, namely: (a) the impact of Covid-
19 on global growth and on individual countries; (b) the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the 
European and global economy (see “ – The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has had, and may continue to 
have in the future, a significant impact on the Group’s toll revenues and other operating income and on the 
Issuer’s ability to generate sufficient cash from the collection of tolls” below); (c) whether growth trends and 
the prospects of recovery and consolidation of economies of countries like the US and China will be confirmed; 
(d) the ongoing commercial dispute between the US and China, which could have an effect on international 
trade and therefore on global production; (e) the effectiveness of the monetary policies of the European Central 
Bank and the Federal Reserve System in the Euro area and the US respectively, and their future developments 
and adverse future developments; (f) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and related 
recurring tensions on the financial markets; and (h) risks related to an increase in inflation.  
In addition, the global economy, the condition of the financial markets, any adverse macroeconomic 
developments in the Group’s primary markets and any future sovereign debt crisis in Europe may all 
significantly influence the Group’s performance. The Group’s earning capacity and stability can be affected by 
the overall economic situation and by the dynamics of the financial markets. 
All of these factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in (a) an increase in the 
Issuer’s and/or the Group’s borrowing costs; (b) a reduction of, or reduced growth in, the Issuer’s and/or the 
Group’s ordinary business, which (in combination or individually) could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, financial position and cash flows, and the results of its operations, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Covid-19 virus health emergency has had, and may continue to have in the future, a significant impact 
on the Group’s operations. 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the spread of the novel coronavirus (named COVID-
19 by the World Health Organisation) a global pandemic. The ASPI Group’s operations are concentrated in 
Italy and the Italian government has introduced containment and social distancing measures and, to a lesser 
extent, border closures to limit the spread of the virus, which severely restrict the mobility of the population and 
economic activity in general. Since the first quarter of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has continued to 
negatively impact the global economy, disrupt global supply chains, lower equity and capital markets valuations, 
create significant volatility and disruption in financial markets and increase unemployment levels. The outbreak 
has led to a weakening in gross domestic product in Italy and the probability of a more adverse economic 
scenario is higher than before the onset of the pandemic. 
The restrictions on movement introduced in response to the health emergency caused by the spread of the Covid-
19 virus has led to a sharp fall in traffic volumes (corresponding to a reduction equal to 10.3% in 2021 as 
compared to 2019, the most recent year unaffected by the impact of Covid-19 effects) on the Italian Group 
Network, which in turn has had, and may continue to have in the future, a significant impact on the Group’s toll 
revenues and other operating income (including from service area royalties).  See also “Business Description of 
the Group– Recent Developments” for a detailed analysis of traffic since January 2021.  In response to the health 
emergency, the Group has taken steps to implement cost efficiencies, without however reducing expenditure on 
the maintenance and safety of the Group’s infrastructure, and has adopted certain measures made available by 
the authorities in order to protect its workers, including the ordinary wage guarantee fund (Cassa Integrazione 
Guadagni Ordinaria (CIGO)) and other instruments in order to reduce staff costs and various financial 
initiatives designed to support service area operators.  Nonetheless, the business and results of operations of the 
Group for 2021 and 2022 have been, and will continue to be, affected and the extent will depend on the impact 
of the Covid-19 pandemic on macroeconomic conditions and financial markets globally and the duration and 
future development of containment measures, which are driven by the severity of the spread of contagions and 
its impact on public health systems.

--- Page 20 ---
11 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The Covid-19 health emergency has had, and may continue to have in the future, significant repercussions on 
the Group’s temporary ability to generate sufficient cash from the collection of tolls and related royalties in 
order to fund planned investments and, were such circumstances to continue, to service debt, which in turn could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For further information on the impact of the Covid-19 health emergency on the Issuer’s half-year results, see 
“Business Description of the Group — Recent Developments”, as well as the 2022 unaudited condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements which is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. 
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has had, and may continue to have in the future, a significant 
impact on the Group’s toll revenues and other operating income and on the Issuer’s ability to generate 
sufficient cash from the collection of tolls. 
As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, countries and multinational organizations such as the 
United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, and Australia have 
announced and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, such as the designation of a number of 
persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in “blocked person” lists, the removal of certain Russian 
banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer of money between banks, a prohibition on providing 
certain types of financing and financial services to certain companies or banks that are under public control or 
publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with certain Russian counterparties, and the imposition of 
restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods and technologies (such as goods and technologies that are 
dual-use or could contribute to the military, technological or industrial enhancement of Russia, goods and 
technologies suitable for oil refining and liquefaction of natural gas, and goods and technologies suitable for 
use in the aviation or aerospace industry).  
Further to the above, in the first quarter of 2022, international tensions resulted in natural gas and electricity 
benchmark prices remaining elevated. The United States has also imposed a ban on the importation into the 
United States of oil, oil products, liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) and coal from Russia. Conversely, the European 
Union has sought to safeguard the importation and transportation of natural gas, from or through Russia in order 
to secure critical energy supplies within the European Union, while imposing restrictions on the import of coal 
and solid fossil fuels, oil and oil products. The imposition or maintenance of sanctions could result in adverse 
reactions from Russia, such as disruption of natural gas supplies to the European Union and/or the increase of 
the gas sale price. A shortage of natural gas supplies resulting from such a disruption could result not only in 
higher natural gas prices (and the resulting decrease in use of vehicles relying on LNG fuel) but also in greater 
difficulty in obtaining the natural gas needed to meet national demand, causing a forced decrease in the volume 
of natural gas sold and consequently consumed. Such circumstances could impair the ability to reach the 
necessary storage quota in the Italian gas storage network ahead of the 2022-2023 winter season; in such 
situation, the Italian Government may activate an emergency plan which set limits on national consumption of 
natural gas, which would have a negative impact on economic activity in Italy, which in turn could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The continuation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the increase in international tensions could 
negatively affect global macroeconomic conditions and the economies of several countries, including Italy. 
Consequently, in the context of an economic recession, the Group could experience a significant reduction of 
traffic volumes, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The early termination of the Autostrade Italia Concession may negatively affect the Group’s ability to repay 
its outstanding indebtedness, including the Notes, and result in mandatory prepayment or default of 
outstanding indebtedness. 
The Single Concession Contract, as most recently amended by the Third Addendum, contains provisions which 
regulate the termination of the Autostrade Italia Concession in case of a serious breach by Autostrade Italia of 
the obligations arising under the Autostrade Italia Concession or applicable law. 
In case of termination of the Autostrade Italia Concession due to a serious breach by Autostrade Italia of its 
obligations under the Single Concession Contract or under applicable law (defined as an event causing a 
definitive and very serious damage to the functionality or safety of a significant part of the motorway network), 
the termination payment that the Issuer is expected to receive upon handover of the Autostrade Italia Concession

--- Page 21 ---
12 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
shall be equal to the value of the works carried out plus ancillary charges, net of depreciation (determined on 
the basis of the Italian generally accepted accounting principles) or, with respect to works that are subject to a 
testing phase, the costs actually incurred by Autostrade Italia. In such case, the effectiveness of the termination 
is not subject to the payment by the Concession Grantor of such termination amount, which will be paid by the 
new concessionaire on the date of the handover of the motorway assets of the Autostrade Italia Concession.  
The Concession Grantor will also have the right to be compensated for damages suffered as a consequence of 
ASPI’s breach of the Single Concession Contract.  The new concessionaire will take over all assets and liabilities 
owned by the revoked concessionaire under the Single Concession Contract.  However, pending the handover 
to a new concessionaire (which will only occur upon payment of the termination amount to ASPI), and 
notwithstanding the termination of the concession, ASPI, in any case, will have the obligation (unless otherwise 
indicated by the Concession Grantor) to continue the management of the motorway network (and, therefore, to 
continue to collect revenues generated pursuant to the Autostrade Italia Concession) under the same terms and 
conditions of the Single Concession Contract, as amended by subsequent addendums, within the limits strictly 
necessary to guarantee needs, going concern and regularity of service and without prejudice to the maintenance 
obligations to guarantee traffic safety. 
For example, the Concession Grantor initiated a procedure alleging Autostrade Italia’s serious breach of the 
Single Concession Contract following the collapse of a section of the Polcevera Bridge on the A10 motorway 
in Genoa, Italy, which occurred on 14 August 2018 causing the deaths of 43 people. Although such procedure 
has been settled through the entry into the Settlement Agreement (for additional information, see “Business 
Description of the Group – Recent Developments - Effectiveness of Settlement Agreement, EFP and 
Addendum”), Autostrade Italia may in the future be subject to new procedures for the assessment of a serious 
breach under the Single Concession Contract in case of the occurrence of tragic events as the collapse of the 
Polcevera Bridge. 
If the Autostrade Italia Concession were to be revoked in the future, also in accordance with the terms set out 
in the Single Concession Contract (as amended by the Third Addendum), this could result, among other things, 
in the default, cross-default, mandatory prepayment and put events provisions contained in the contractual 
documentation in relation to the Group’s outstanding indebtedness (including, when issued, the Notes) being 
triggered and the Group being required to prepay such outstanding indebtedness. 
The loss of any Concession, penalties or sanctions for non-performance or default under a Concession, or 
the suspension of tariff increases may adversely affect the financial results and operations of the Group. 
The Concessions are governed by agreements with the Concession Grantor requiring the Motorway Companies 
to comply with certain obligations (including performing regular maintenance and enhancement works on the 
motorways and operating emergency motorway rescue services).  In 2021 and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022, the Group’s toll revenue accounted for 72.3% and 74.8%, respectively, of the Group revenues.  
Among the Concessions held by the Group in 2021 and for the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Autostrade 
Italia Concession accounted for 92.2% and 93.4% (in each case excluding consolidated adjustments) of the 
Group’s toll revenue, respectively.  Pursuant to the Single Concession Contract, Autostrade Italia is subject to 
penalties or sanctions, which in certain cases can be significant, for non-performance or default under the 
Autostrade Italia Concession; the other Concessions held by the Group contain similar provisions. See 
“Regulatory — The Autostrade Italia Concession”.  Additionally, failure by any of the Motorway Companies 
to fulfil their material obligations under their respective Concessions could, if such failure is left unremedied, 
lead to the early termination by the Concession Grantor of such Motorway Company’s Concession and a 
compensation payment due by the Concession Grantor to the Issuer or the other relevant Motorway Company.  
In addition, the early termination and the calculation of the amount of compensation payable to the outgoing 
concessionaire could lead to protracted discussions and possible litigation; for example, following the award of 
the Concession held by Autostrade Meridionali to a new operator in 2020, the determination of the termination 
payment thereunder has been subject to litigation and lengthy negotiations with the Concession Grantor, which 
have been concluded only at the beginning of 2022.  See “Business Description of the Group – Recent 
Developments – Handover of the Concession held by Autostrade Meridionali”.   
The loss of a Concession will result also in the loss of the royalties paid by the operators of service areas located 
on the sections of the Italian Group Network relating to such Concession.  In 2021 and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022, the Group generated €106.3 million and €67.9 million, respectively, from such royalties in 
respect of the Concessions.

--- Page 22 ---
13 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
In addition, certain extraordinary transactions involving Autostrade Italia, such as mergers, de-mergers, 
liquidation, winding-up, change in purpose, movement of its headquarters or sale of revertible real estate 
properties, require the prior express approval of the Concession Grantor.  Failure to obtain such prior approval 
could lead to the early termination of the Single Concession Contract.  The Concession Grantor must also give 
prior approval to the sale of the controlling interest in the majority of the Group’s Concessions.  The Concession 
Grantor’s consent is also required for certain transactions that could result in a change of control of Autostrade 
Italia.  Further, in accordance with general principles of Italian law, a Concession could be terminated early for 
reasons of public interest. 
The Concession Grantor may also be entitled to suspend annual tariff increases requested by Autostrade Italia 
in certain circumstances of material and continuing non-compliance with the terms of the relevant Concession, 
subject to notification to Autostrade Italia by no later than 30 June of any year. 
The termination of one or more Concessions, as well as the suspension of tariff increases, the application of 
penalties or sanctions for non-performance or default under the terms of the Single Concession Contract or any 
of the other Motorway Companies’ Concessions, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  See “The early termination of the Autostrade Italia Concession 
may negatively affect the Group’s ability to repay its outstanding indebtedness, including the Notes, and result 
in mandatory prepayment or default of outstanding indebtedness” and “Regulatory — Concessions of the 
Group’s Motorway Companies”. 
Any future credit rating downgrade may have an impact on the Group’s indebtedness and ability to fund its 
investment plan. 
Credit ratings affect the availability, the cost and other terms of financing (or refinancing).  Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate the Group, and their ratings of the Group’s default rate and existing capital markets debt are 
based on a number of factors. 
Any future downgrade of Autostrade Italia or its holding company may, by itself or in connection with other 
factors, including direct and indirect impact of Covid-19 on the Group’s business and operations or the macro-
economic environment, limit the funding options of the Group and result in less favourable terms for such 
funding, which may, in turn, impair the Group’s ability to fund its planned investments and, ultimately, service 
its debt.  In addition, under the financing agreements entered into with the EIB, a downgrade (by one rating 
agency, if the ratings are monitored by one or two rating agencies, or by two rating agencies, if the ratings are 
monitored by three rating agencies) of the Autostrade Italia rating below BBB- by Standard & Poor’s or Fitch 
or Baa3 by Moody’s entitles the EIB to require the Issuer to provide the EIB with bank guarantees, which, if 
not provided, would result in a mandatory prepayment of the facilities.  Furthermore, under a certain financing 
agreements entered into with CDP, a downgrade (by one rating agency, if the ratings are monitored by one or 
two rating agencies, or by two rating agencies, if the ratings are monitored by three rating agencies) of the 
Autostrade Italia rating below BBB- by Standard & Poor’s or Fitch or Baa3 by Moody’s entitles CDP to require 
the Issuer, depending on the circumstances, (i) to be compliant with certain additional financial covenants, or 
(ii) if the Issuer is not compliant with certain additional financial covenants or if the additional financial 
covenants calculation is not applicable, to provide adequate bank guarantees, which, if not provided, would 
result in a mandatory prepayment of the facilities.  Moreover, under certain financing arrangements, a rating 
downgrade may result in an increase in the margin applicable to the interest rate of such financing arrangements 
or, under certain financing agreements, it would be required to calculate additional financial convenants and, if 
not compliant with the calculation of the additional financial covenants,  could result in a mandatory 
prepayment. 
In addition, according to Standard & Poor’s and to Moody’s rating methodologies, the sovereign rating of the 
country of incorporation remains a significant factor in the credit rating assigned to corporations; as a result, 
there can be no assurance that further credit rating downgrades of the Republic of Italy will not occur and, if 
they do occur, that they would have no impact on Autostrade Italia ratings. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and/or could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
14 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Risks relating to the Group’s Business and the markets in which it operates 
Risks related to tariff adjustments and regulations 
The determination of motorway tariffs – which represent one of the variables from which toll revenues derive 
– is based on forecasts and estimates of costs, investments and traffic volumes reported in the EFP jointly 
approved by the MIT and the MEF in relation to each Italian Motorway Concession.  As a result, the Group has 
no ability to independently raise tariffs.  Pursuant to the Transport Regulatory Authority’s resolution 71/2019, 
the toll tariff system aims to ensure an annual development of tariff management based on the application of the 
price cap method and consistent with the achievement of a productivity recovery target (five yearly 
determination), referring to the duration of the concession period. The concessionaire obtain in accordance with 
the cost matching principle, as acknowledged by the Grantor, a return on the invested capital equal to the pre-
tax remuneration rate with reference to investments. For further information, see “Regulatory — Concessions 
of the Group’s Motorway Companies — The Autostrade Italia Concession — Transport Regulatory Authority 
— Tariff Resolutions” below.  
Pursuant to such resolution, EFPs are subject to five-year updates, with the management tariff being realigned 
to the level of the operating costs recorded in the “base” year and to the updated traffic volumes.  In this case, 
there is a risk that, if the efficiency levels achievable by the Motorway Companies are lower than the 
productivity recovery coefficient defined by the Transport Regulatory Authority, a full recovery of the operating 
costs actually incurred will not be obtained, with a consequent reduction in the profitability levels of the Issuer 
and the Group.  This could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Additionally, the current EFP applicable to the Autostrade Italia Concession is based on certain assumptions 
relating to, inter alia, the inflation rate projected through the regulatory period (i.e. until the end of 2024) and 
the costs incurred in connection with the works to be carried out pursuant to the Single Concession Contract. If 
the actual inflation rate and the level of costs incurred in connection with the Group’s capital expenditures 
exceed the assumptions underlying the EFP, the Issuer may be unable to recover the costs incurred, nor to obtain 
further increases in tariff levels to offset such effects.  The occurrence of such events could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that for the next regulatory period, starting in 2025, current rate(s) of return on 
investment (WACC) related to the category to be carried out set for the previous regulatory period will be 
maintained and there is no assurance that all incurred maintenance and construction costs will be remunerated 
via a tariff increase.  At the same time, traffic forecasts for the regulatory period may result in higher volumes 
than the actual traffic volumes, thus reducing expected returns. 
Reduced traffic volumes and corresponding decreases in toll revenues and royalty revenues could adversely 
affect the Group’s revenues and profitability. 
The Group derives most of its revenues from tolls paid by users of the Italian Group Network and indirectly 
from royalty revenues derived from service area subcontracts for full-service petrol stations (“Oil” services) 
and self-service mini-markets and offerings of food and beverages (“Non-Oil” services) on the Italian Group 
Network.  The aggregate amount of these revenues is dependent primarily on traffic volumes and tariffs applied 
on the motorway sections operated under concession.  Royalty revenues may be influenced in part by the traffic 
on the Italian Group Network since royalties are calculated in part based on revenues generated by service area 
subcontractors. 
In turn, traffic volumes and toll receipts depend on a number of factors, including the quality, convenience and 
travel time on toll-free roads or toll motorways operated by competitors, the quality and state of repair of the 
Group motorways, the economic climate and changes to petrol prices in Italy, environmental legislation 
(including measures to restrict motor vehicle use in order to reduce air pollution), weather and the existence of 
alternative means of transportation.  Long haul traffic, defined as trips of 300 or more kilometres and which 
typically relate to the transport of commercial goods or other business-related activities, is particularly adversely 
impacted by negative macroeconomic trends. 
Despite the Covid-19 health emergency (see “— The Covid-19 virus health emergency has had, and may 
continue to have in the future, a significant impact on the Group’s toll revenues and other operating income

--- Page 24 ---
15 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
and on the Issuer’s ability to generate sufficient cash from the collection of tolls.” and “Business Description of 
the Group — Recent Developments”), traffic volumes on the Italian Group Network since the loosening of 
restrictions on movement to limit the Covid-19 spread have slightly increased compared to the same period in 
2020. 
There can be no assurance that traffic volumes will steadily increase in the near future, and any such effect on 
traffic volumes could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Group may not be able to implement the investment plans required under the Single Concession Contract 
or the applicable EFP within the time frame and budget anticipated and the Group may not be able to recoup 
certain cost overruns. 
The investment plans contained within the Single Concession Contract require Autostrade Italia to carry out a 
number of significant investment projects.  In addition, under the Single Concession Contract, Autostrade Italia 
has agreed to carry out the planning and design of certain works in addition to those specified in the previous 
Concessions for the improvement and widening of approximately 325 kilometres of Autostrade Italia Network.  
The relevant sections were selected based on traffic forecasts and the need to provide for sufficient capacity and 
service levels.  There can be no assurance that cost and time of completion estimates for the Group’s investment 
projects are accurate, particularly since some of the projects are in the preliminary stages of planning. 
To the extent Autostrade Italia and the Concession Grantor do not agree on variations (varianti) to investment 
plans and related projects in order to account for the increased costs incurred in connection with the completion 
of the relevant projects, Autostrade Italia will be responsible for any cost overruns on projects under the Single 
Concession Contract (as defined below).  See “Business Description of the Group — Works”. 
The Group is subject to certain risks inherent in construction projects.  These risks may include: 
 
delays in obtaining a project’s regulatory approvals (including, but not limited to, environmental 
requirements and planning approvals at the national and local governmental levels); 
 
delays in obtaining approvals required for tariff increases sufficient to fund the project; 
 
changes in general economic, business and credit conditions; 
 
the non-performance or unsatisfactory performance of contractors and subcontractors (whether such 
work is performed by the Group or by third parties); 
 
the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to contractors and reopening of public 
tender procedures; 
 
interruptions resulting from litigation, inclement weather, revocation of approvals or additional requests 
from local authorities; 
 
interruptions and delays resulting from unforeseen environmental or engineering problems; 
 
shortages of materials and labour and increased costs of materials and labour; 
 
claims from subcontractors; and 
 
expropriation procedures. 
In addition, the Group is subject to the general risk of cost overruns due to unexpected technical or structural 
issues arising during the construction works which require changes to be implemented with respect to approved 
projects as well as the general risk of delays, legal proceedings and unexpected expenses relating to contractors 
and subcontractors.  See also “The Group is dependent on the performance of third party contractors when 
developing or expanding toll roads and may suffer delays or fail to achieve expected results”. 
Although the Group has significant experience in the construction sector and seeks to limit these risks, no 
assurance can be given that delays and cost overruns will not occur in motorway projects.  The tariffs agreed 
upon with the Concession Grantor in advance of the commencement of a capital investment project generally

--- Page 25 ---
16 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
do not entitle the applicable Motorway Subsidiary to recover losses caused by delays or cost overruns.  
Consequently, failure to complete projects within the planned timeframe and/or budget could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  See “Regulatory — 
Concessions of the Group’s Motorway Companies — The Autostrade Italia Concession”. 
The Group has incurred and will continue to incur significant additional costs with respect to inspection and 
maintenance activities on the Italian Motorway Network. 
The Group has introduced extraordinary inspection activities for all infrastructure along its network, which were 
carried out by a pool of external companies specializing in the inspection and certification of infrastructure.  As 
a result, the Group completely changed the way in which it previously carried out its inspection activities along 
the Italian Motorway Network, adopting a more rigorous approach and relying on external engineering expertise 
available on the market.  For further details regarding the Group’s inspection activities, see “Business 
Description of the Group — Maintenance Costs”. 
The changes adopted with respect to the Group’s inspection activities resulted in the launch of an extraordinary 
accelerated maintenance program which will increase the cost for the 2019-2024 period by around €1,200 
million. Additional cost increases may be recorded as a result of the inspection activities carried out on the 
Italian Group Network and in particular bridges, viaducts and tunnels, including as a result of the application of 
new regulatory standards to the design, execution and test of constructions aimed at ensuring their safety enacted 
by the Concession Grantor (NTC18) pursuant to a Ministerial Decree dated 17 January 2018, as well as in 
connection with other factors such as the increase in costs of labour and/or materials. In this respect, see also “ 
– The Group may not be able to implement the investment plans required under the Single Concession Contract 
or the applicable EFP within the time frame and budget anticipated and the Group may not be able to recoup 
certain cost overruns”. 
In addition, the Group has radically changed inspection activities with respect to tunnels.  Following the collapse 
of a section of the ceiling that occurred on 30 December 2019 in the Bertè tunnel on the A26 motorway, 
Autostrade Italia reached agreement with the MIT on an inspection programme designed to carry out detailed 
surveys of all the tunnels on the Italian Motorway Network.  The incident in the Bertè tunnel is subject to an 
investigation by the Public Prosecutor’s office in Genoa, see “Business Description of the Group – Legal 
Proceedings”. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not be required to make further changes to its inspection and 
maintenance programmes, nor that the Group will not incur additional costs as a result of the inspection activities 
carried out on the Italian Group Network. These circumstances may lead the Group to incur additional costs 
with respect to those envisaged for the 2019-2024 period; moreover, as the Group has limited or no ability to 
independently raise tariffs, such additional costs may not result in tariff increases (see also “ – Risks related to 
tariff adjustments and regulations”). The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Inspection and maintenance activities may be insufficient to detect and prevent structural problems in the 
infrastructure under management, and the Group’s infrastructures may also be exposed to geotechnical 
instability. 
Despite the recurring and non-recurring maintenance activities carried out by the Group on infrastructure under 
its management, it cannot be excluded that, due to unforeseeable events, hidden defects in such infrastructure 
which cannot be detected through the Group’s inspections and maintenance activities or human error, structural 
problems may occur limiting the availability or functionality of the infrastructures managed by the Group.  The 
Group’s inability to detect in a timely fashion any defect and efficiently repair the infrastructure could result in 
risks regarding the safety of the assets and/ or could also impact the continuity of service of the Group’s assets.  
Such circumstances may result in reputational damage, regulatory action and financial costs, or penalties that 
may not be covered by insurance or by another party.  See also “ – The Group could be adversely affected by 
events that might cause reputational damage”. 
In addition, infrastructures managed by the Group are potentially exposed to geotechnical instability.  As a 
result, the occurrence of natural disasters, such as earthquakes, flooding, landslides or subsidence may result in 
material damage to the infrastructure managed by the Group, which could lead to a significant decline in

--- Page 26 ---
17 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
revenues from the Group’s concessions or a significant increase in expenditures for the operation, maintenance 
or repair of the Group’s infrastructure, as well as necessary amendments to the Group’s investments plans. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, service malfunctions or interruptions may result in the commencement of investigations by the 
relevant competent authority, the imposition of fines and penalties and could expose the Group to legal 
proceedings and claims for damages.  The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage. 
Various issues may give rise to reputational risk and cause harm to the Group.  Reputational risk denotes the 
danger that an event or several successive events might cause reputational damage, which might limit the 
Group’s current and future business opportunities and activities and thus lead to indirect financial losses (such 
as a reduction in investment opportunities, revenues, availability and cost of financing) or direct financial losses 
(such as penalties and litigation costs).  Damage to the Group’s reputation or image could result in a direct effect 
on the financial success of the Group. 
The issues that could give rise to reputational risk include catastrophic events on the Group’s infrastructure (see 
also “ – Inspection and maintenance activities may be insufficient to detect and prevent structural problems in 
the infrastructure under management, and the Group’s infrastructures may also be exposed to geotechnical 
instability”), reputational loss for the Group in general, legal and regulatory requirements, antitrust and 
competition law issues, ethical issues, environmental issues, money laundering and anti-bribery laws, data 
protection laws, information security policies, or problems with services provided by the Group or by third 
parties on its behalf.  Failure to address these issues appropriately could also give rise to additional legal risk, 
which could adversely affect existing litigation claims against the Group and the amount of damages asserted 
against the Group or subject it to additional litigation claims or regulatory sanctions.  Any of the above factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the brand and reputation of the Group, which, in turn, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As the Group operates in many different countries with different cultures and jurisdictions, the way in which 
the Group chooses to address any issues faced by the Group may differ depending on the location.  Furthermore, 
there can be no assurance that issues which may be positively received in certain jurisdictions would be 
positively received in other jurisdictions and the Group may suffer reputational loss as a result of any decisions 
made by the Group to address any such issues, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Traffic congestion may adversely affect the growth of traffic volumes and the Group’s revenues. 
Prior to the Covid-19 virus health emergency, the density of traffic volumes on certain sections of the Group’s 
motorways reached very high volumes, which may constrain future growth in traffic as drivers seek to use 
alternative routes when traffic volumes reach consistently high levels at certain times.  Although management 
believes that growth potential still exists in these motorways, there can be no assurance that traffic will continue 
to increase on such motorways without the Group’s commitment of additional capital for new investments 
designed to ease congestion and that as a result the Group’s results of operations or financial condition will not 
be adversely affected. 
The Group may be unable to complete construction works in a timely manner due to geological issues. 
The Group may be required to carry out additional mitigating measures not included in the approved investment 
plan during construction works due to unexpected technical engineering issues (in particular with respect to 
tunnels) in areas characterised by significant geological and geotechnical issues (such as the area included in 
the regions of Tuscany and Emilia Romagna in central Italy).  Such measures generally result in additional costs 
relating to the required monitoring of any geological instability from excavations, changes to approved 
construction projects and reimbursements or indemnification with respect to damage caused to real property.  
The delayed completion of the required infrastructure may result in the delayed opening of the motorway section 
to traffic and losses in toll revenues.

--- Page 27 ---
18 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
There can be no assurance that unexpected landslides or geological issues not indicated on the relevant maps 
used in the planning phase would not result in cost overruns and delays under the Group’s investment plans, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  In addition, Group companies and their employees may be held liable in the event of violations of 
applicable laws and regulations in connection with such unexpected geological issues. 
The Group may experience significant cost overruns due to contaminated soil and expenses related to waste 
disposal during construction. 
During the construction of motorway sections, the Group may encounter unexpected environmental issues such 
as the discovery of contaminated soil not identified by the soil samples, analysis and investigations conducted 
during the planning phase, which may result in the violation of environmental laws and regulations.  As a result, 
the Group may be required to commence new authorization procedures and may be subject to lengthy legal and 
administrative proceedings.  Failure to complete the construction projects within the planned timeframe and/or 
budget could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Archaeological finds during construction works may result in delays and cost overruns. 
Unexpected archaeological finds during construction works may result in the interruption of construction works 
upon request by local authorities in order to conduct the necessary verification and authorization procedures.  
As a result, the Group may not be able to complete its investment plan and may be required to submit variations 
to such plans for approval in order to restrict interference with such archaeological finds.  The failure to complete 
the construction projects within the planned timeframe and/or budget due to such unexpected circumstances 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Competition from the development or improvement of alternative motorway stretches or networks or of 
alternative means of transportation, including high speed rail networks, may decrease traffic volumes on the 
Italian Group Network or limit the Group’s ability to expand the Italian Group Network, thereby adversely 
affecting the Group’s revenues and growth. 
Pursuant to applicable EU legislation, all new concessions, including those for motorways that might compete 
with the Italian Group Network, are open to bids on a Europe-wide basis.  As a result, upon expiry of its existing 
concessions, the Group may have difficulty winning new concessions, or, alternatively, the Group may accept 
new concessions under less favourable economic terms than those it has experienced in the past.  In addition, 
other motorway operators may obtain concessions and develop other stretches of highway or alternative 
networks along the same transportation routes covered by the Italian Group Network or may develop facilities 
along such alternative networks or routes for different modes of transport.  Such competition may lead to 
decreased traffic volumes on the Italian Group Network or limit the Group’s ability to expand its motorway 
network. 
Competition from other motorway operators or the development or improvement of alternative networks, 
including toll-free motorways, may decrease traffic volumes on the Italian Group Network or limit the Group’s 
ability to expand the Italian Group Network, thereby adversely affecting the Group’s revenues and growth. 
Moreover, with respect to long haul traffic, the Group faces competition from alternative forms of 
transportation, such as high speed rail and air travel.  There can be no assurance that the market share of such 
alternative forms of transportation will not increase.  See “Business Description of the Group — Competition”.  
Increased competition for traffic could reduce traffic on the Italian Group Network and, consequently, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is dependent on the performance of third party contractors when developing or expanding toll 
roads and may suffer delays or fail to achieve expected results. 
In circumstances where the Group seeks to create value by undertaking the development, extension or expansion 
of a concession’s toll roads, it will typically be dependent on the performance of third party contractors who 
undertake the management or execution of such development, extension or expansion on behalf of the Group.  
The risks of development, extension or expansion include, but are not limited to: 
 
failure by such third party contractors in performing their contractual obligations;

--- Page 28 ---
19 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
insolvency of such third party contractors; 
 
the inability of the third party contractors to retain key members of staff; 
 
cost deviations in relation to the services provided by the third party contractors; 
 
delays in the roads being available for use; 
 
poor quality execution; 
 
fraud or misconduct by an officer, employee or agent of a third party contractor; 
 
diversion of resources and attention of the Group’s management from operations and opportunities to 
win new concessions; 
 
disputes between the Group and third party contractors, which may increase the Group’s costs and 
require the time and attention of the Group’s management; 
 
construction risks on the projects carried out by external contractors, especially if such defects are 
discovered after the expiry of sub-contractors’ warranties; and 
 
liability of the Group for the actions of the third party contractors. 
If the Group’s third party contractors fail to successfully perform the services for which they have been engaged, 
either as a result of their own fault or negligence, or due to the Group’s failure to properly supervise any such 
contractors, the Group’s ability to complete works on schedule and within forecasted costs to the requisite levels 
of quality could be adversely impacted and this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s operating and financial performance is largely dependent on its ability to retain and attract key 
personnel. 
The success of the Group depends, in part, on the continued involvement of the current top management and 
other key managers, as well as on its ability to retain and recruit trained personnel, such as engineers and highly 
specialised technicians. 
While the Group seeks to retain employees, particularly top management and key personnel, there can be no 
guarantee that it will be able to retain its management team or its current personnel.  Loss of one or more of the 
managers or of a significant number of specialised and highly trained personnel could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations or on its ability to service or 
otherwise make payments on the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
The competition for highly trained managers and specialised labour force is intense and demand is often hard 
to meet.  Also, the growth of the Group’s business may require it to seek additional managers and highly trained 
personnel who share the Group’s values and culture, who may be difficult to identify and hire on terms 
favourable to the Group.  Therefore, the Issuer cannot guarantee that the Group will be able to attract skilled 
and motivated employees. 
Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group may have difficulties expanding and diversifying its business. 
In order to expand and diversify its business, the Group must win new concessions.  The Group may face 
difficulties in obtaining new concessions or contracts to provide services to others. 
There can be no assurances of the success of any of the Group’s future attempts to acquire additional 
businesses or of the Group’s ability to integrate any businesses acquired in the future. 
Consistent with the Group’s strategic plan, it may seek opportunities to expand its operations in the future by 
way of strategic acquisitions.  Although the Group assesses each investment based on financial and market

--- Page 29 ---
20 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
analysis, which include certain assumptions, additional investments could materially adversely affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, if:  (i) the Group incurs substantial costs, delays 
or other operational or financial problems in acquiring and/or integrating acquired businesses; (ii) the Group is 
not able to identify, acquire or profitably manage such additional businesses; (iii) such acquisitions divert 
management’s attention from the operation of existing businesses; (iv) the Group is not able to retain key 
personnel of acquired businesses, or retain key personnel of its Group following the integration of acquired 
businesses; (v) the Group encounters unanticipated events, circumstances or legal liabilities; or (vi) the Group 
has difficulties in obtaining the required financing or the required financing may only be available on 
unfavourable terms. 
Additionally, if such acquisitions are consummated, there can be no assurances that the Group will be able to 
successfully integrate any businesses acquired in the future, due to unforeseen difficulties in operations and 
insufficient support systems, among other things.  Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The interruption of service on the Group’s motorways could adversely affect the Group’s revenues, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Residents and local communities may oppose new developments, including highways, on the grounds that such 
developments may generate pollution or otherwise cause adverse effects on health and the environment.  Such 
opposition may take the form of protests and/or public opposition to the expropriation of the land needed for 
such developments (the so-called “not-in-my-backyard” or “NIMBY” protests).  The occurrence of any such 
NIMBY protests during the approval process of new constructions could lead to significant delays, increases in 
investment costs and legal proceedings. 
In addition, like all motorway concessionaires, the Motorway Companies face potential risks from labour unrest, 
natural disasters, such as earthquakes or flooding, landslides or subsidence, collapse or destruction of sections 
of motorway, man-made disasters such as fires, acts of terrorism or the spillage of hazardous substances, as well 
as from interruptions of service due to events beyond their control such as accidents, breakdown of equipment 
and malfunctioning of control systems. 
The occurrence of any such events could lead to a significant decline in toll revenue from the Group’s 
motorways or a significant increase in expenditures for the operation, maintenance or repair of the Group’s 
motorways, as well as necessary amendments to the Group’s investments plans.  In addition, service 
malfunctions or interruptions could expose the Group to legal proceedings and claims for damages, which could, 
in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may be required to make significant payments for damages and its insurance coverage might not 
be adequate or available in all circumstances. 
As part of its business, the Group is subject to a number of claims, administrative proceedings and civil actions 
relating to the construction operations and the management of the Group’s network. Although the Group carries 
all risk, accident and civil liability insurance, there can be no assurance that these policies cover all of the 
liabilities, which may arise from third-party claims, or from any required reconstruction, or maintenance and 
operating losses, including costs resulting from motorway damage.  The Group’s policies do not cover labour 
unrest, and the Group does not carry business interruption insurance to cover operating losses it may experience, 
such as reduced toll revenue, resulting from actions or requests by the relevant authorities, work stoppages, 
strikes or similar industrial actions.  In addition, the Group carries only limited risk and business interruption 
insurance to cover damages or operating losses resulting from terrorist acts. In addition, subject to certain 
exceptions, the Group does not carry engineering-related civil liability policies, insurance covering specific 
risks related to the operation of part of its infrastructure such as tunnels, or any business interruption insurance. 
Any such engineering or operations related claims could result in significant liabilities for the ASPI Group, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Moreover, there can be no assurance that if the insurance policy is terminated or not renewed, a new insurance 
policy will be available on reasonable commercial terms, or at all.  Any failure to obtain or maintain an insurance 
policy, or to be covered for a loss thereunder, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 30 ---
21 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The occurrence of significant events, such as, for example, the collapse of a section of the Polcevera Bridge, 
may expose Autostrade Italia to requests for substantial indirect damages attributable to extra costs and / or lost 
profits suffered by natural and / or legal persons, which have not suffered direct damages, operating in the area 
affected by the relevant significant event.  These possible indirect damages are not covered by the insurance 
coverage of the “all risks policies”. 
Although the amount of compensation claimed for this kind of damages can imply significant amounts, there 
can be no assurance that, despite the absence of a direct causal link between the event that occurred and the 
damage requested, the Issuer may be the unsuccessful party in case of any judgment on the merits.  The 
occurrence of such events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Inclement weather could adversely affect the Group’s toll revenue. 
In Italy, traffic volumes may be affected by weather conditions and extraordinary events such as severe snow 
conditions and, to a lesser extent, strong winds and sleet.  The occurrence of any such events generally results 
in precautionary measures to limit traffic for safety reasons.  As a result, the occurrence of such events could 
lead to a proportional decrease in traffic volumes and thus a significant decline in toll revenue from the Group’s 
motorways or a significant increase in expenditures for the operation, maintenance or repair of the Group’s 
motorways. 
In addition, such circumstances may result in the commencement of investigations by the authority granting the 
concession or the imposition of fines and penalties by other authorities and/or potential legal proceedings such 
as class actions by individual users of the Group’s motorways.  These events could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  See “Business Description of the 
Group — Legal Proceedings”. 
The Group could suffer losses due to environmental and social factors. 
The Group is subject to the risk of unforeseen, hostile or catastrophic events, many of which are outside of its 
control, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, explosions, fires, accidents, terrorist attacks or 
other hostile or catastrophic events.  Any significant environmental change or external event (including 
increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other catastrophic events such as earthquake, pandemic 
(such as Covid – 19), other widespread health emergencies, civil unrest or terrorism events) has the potential to 
disrupt business activities, impact the Group’s operations or reputation, increase credit risk and other credit 
exposures, damage property and otherwise affect the value of assets and/or infrastructures held in the affected 
locations and the Group’s ability to recover amounts owing to it.  See also “ – The Group could be adversely 
affected by events that might cause reputational damage”. 
The Group’s businesses could also suffer losses due to climate change.  Climate change is systemic in nature 
and is a significant long-term driver of both financial and non-financial risks.  Climate change related impacts 
include physical risks from changing climatic conditions and transition risks such as changes to laws and 
regulations, technology development and disruptions and consumer preferences.  A failure to respond to the 
potential and expected impacts of climate change may affect the Group’s performance and could have wide-
ranging impacts for the Group. 
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s ownership structure 
The interests of the Issuer’s shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of holders of Notes. 
The interests of the Issuer’s principal shareholders may, in certain circumstances, conflict with interests of 
holders of Notes.  The Issuer’s principal shareholders have, and will continue to have, directly or indirectly, the 
power, among other things, to affect its legal and capital structure, as well as the ability to elect and change its 
management and to approve any other changes to its operations. In this respect, it should be noted that the Issuer 
is subject to the direction and coordination of its main shareholder, Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. For 
additional information, see “Shareholders” below.  For example, the Issuer’s principal shareholders could vote 
to cause it to incur additional indebtedness, to sell certain material assets or make dividend distributions.  The

--- Page 31 ---
22 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
interests of the Issuer’s principal shareholders could conflict with interests of holders of Notes, particularly if 
the Issuer encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due.  The Issuer’s principal 
shareholders could also have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings, dividend distributions 
or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments although such transactions 
might involve risks to the holders of Notes.  In addition, the Issuer’s principal shareholders may come to own 
businesses that directly compete with the Issuer’s business. Differences in views or disagreements between 
majority and minority shareholders of the Issuer may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major 
matters, particularly when no dispute resolution procedures are in place (or in case of failure of such procedures).  
Any of the situations described above could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s results of operations 
or financial condition. 
Risks relating to the Group’s indebtedness and financial risks 
The Group’s leverage may have significant adverse financial and economic effects on the Group. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had approximately €10,783 million of gross indebtedness, including bank 
overdrafts (short-term credit extended by banks with which the Group has bank accounts).  The Group’s 
leverage could increase the Group’s vulnerability to a downturn in its business or economic and industry 
conditions and have significant adverse consequences, including but not limited to: 
 
limiting the Group’s ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital 
expenditures, investment plans, strategic acquisitions, business opportunities and other corporate 
requirements; 
 
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of the Group’s cash flow from operations to the payment 
of principal of, and interest on, the Group’s indebtedness, which would make such cash flow unavailable 
to fund the Group’s operations, capital expenditures, investment plans, business opportunities and other 
corporate requirements; and 
 
limiting the Group’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the Group’s business, the 
competitive environment and the industry. 
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to 
satisfy its debt obligations, including its obligations under the Notes. 
A portion of the Group’s indebtedness bears interest at variable rates.  Although the Group has, to date, hedged 
a substantial portion of its interest exposure under such indebtedness, an increase in the interest rates on the 
Group’s indebtedness may reduce its ability to repay the Notes and its other indebtedness and to finance 
operations and future business opportunities. 
In addition, the Group is required to comply with certain financial covenant ratios in connection with a portion 
of its indebtedness.  To the extent that the Group is unable to comply with such financial ratios, the Group may 
be required to seek consents or obtain waivers or repay such indebtedness; otherwise, the failure to comply with 
such financial covenants may result in the Group being in breach of the terms of such financial indebtedness, 
which may ultimately trigger cross-default provisions under the terms of the Group’s outstanding indebtedness, 
including the Notes. 
The Group may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future which could mature prior to the Notes or 
could be senior, if secured, to the Notes.  In addition, there can be no assurance that the indebtedness of the 
Group may increase, even significantly, as a result of the acquisition of the control of ASPI by new investors.  
The terms and conditions of the Notes place certain limitations on the incurrence of additional secured 
indebtedness of the Group.  See Condition 4(a) (Negative Pledge).  The incurrence of additional indebtedness 
would increase the aforementioned leverage-related risks. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and/or could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
23 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The Group requires a significant amount of cash to service its debt, and its ability to generate sufficient cash 
depends on many factors beyond its control. 
The Group’s ability to make payments on, and to refinance its debt and to fund working capital, capital 
expenditures and research and development, will depend on its future operating performance and ability to 
generate sufficient cash.  This depends, to some extent, on general economic, financial, competitive, market, 
legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond the Group’s control, as well as the other 
factors discussed in “Risk Factors”, as well as on the Issuer continuing to operate the Autostrade Italia 
Concession; see “— The Group is dependent on Concessions, and in particular the Autostrade Italia 
Concession, which account for substantially all of the Group’s revenues”, “— The early termination of the 
Autostrade Italia Concession may negatively affect the Group’s ability to repay its outstanding indebtedness, 
including the Notes, and result in mandatory prepayment or default of outstanding indebtedness” and “ – Risks 
related to tariff adjustments and regulations”. 
If certain extraordinary or unforeseen events occur, including a breach of financial covenants applicable to the 
Group, the financial creditors of the Group could take certain actions, including terminating their commitments 
and declaring all amounts that the Issuer has borrowed under its credit facilities and other indebtedness to be 
due and payable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for repayment. 
No assurances can be given that the businesses of the Group will generate sufficient cash flows from operations 
or that future debt and equity financing will be available in an amount sufficient to enable the Group to comply 
with its financial covenants, to pay its debts when due (which may be earlier than the scheduled repayment 
date), including the Notes, or to fund other liquidity needs. 
If the Group’s future cash flows from operations and other capital resources (including borrowings under 
existing or future credit facilities) are insufficient to comply with its financial covenants or pay its obligations 
as they mature or to fund liquidity needs, the Group may be forced to: 
 
reduce or cancel the distribution of dividends; 
 
reduce or delay participation in certain non-Concession related business activities, including 
complementary activities and research and development; 
 
sell certain assets; 
 
seek consents or obtain waivers from the relevant creditors in connection with financial covenants; 
 
obtain additional debt or equity capital; or 
 
restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt, including the Notes, on or before maturity. 
No assurances can be given that the Group would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely 
basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all.  In addition, the terms of the Group’s debt, including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, limit, and any future debt may limit, the ability of the Group to pursue some or all of 
these alternatives.  Furthermore, the terms of certain of the Group’s loan agreements contain restrictive 
covenants and no assurances can be given that these covenants will not constrain the Group’s ability to raise 
additional financing in the future. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and/or could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk 
A portion of the Group’s indebtedness bears interest at variable rates.  Although the Group has, to date, hedged 
a significant portion of its interest exposure under such indebtedness, an increase in the interest rates on the 
Group’s indebtedness may reduce its ability to repay the Notes and its other indebtedness and to finance 
operations and future business opportunities. 
As at 30 June 2022, 98%of the Group’s indebtedness bore interest at a fixed rate or a rate fixed through hedges.  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including central banks’ policies,

--- Page 33 ---
24 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
international and country-specific economic and political conditions, inflationary pressures, disruption to 
financial markets or the availability of bank credit.  Any increases in interest rates in the Eurozone will require 
the Group to use a greater proportion of its revenues to pay interest expenses. 
An increase in the interest rates of the Group’s indebtedness may reduce its ability to repay the Notes and its 
other indebtedness and to finance operations and future business opportunities.  The financial management of 
the Group regularly reviews market conditions and from time to time may adjust the balance of interest rate 
exposure in its debt profile.  However, there can be no assurance that this interest rate management policy will 
adequately protect the Group against the risk of increased interest rates, which could be particularly damaging 
for the Group due to its high level of gross indebtedness (€10,783 million as at 30 June 2022), plus any hedging 
arrangements expose the Group to credit risk in respect of the hedging counterparty.  In addition, the Group is 
subject to the risk that the instruments implemented by the Group to hedge its interest rate exposure may be 
ineffective as a result of changes to underlying conditions, which in turn may result in fair value losses recorded 
by the Group.  There can be no assurance that future interest rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk. 
The Group enters into transactions with respect to financial products with third parties.  These transactions 
expose the Group to the risk that a counterparty may default on its obligations or becomes insolvent prior to 
maturity, leaving the Group with an outstanding claim against such counterparty and/or an unhedged position 
with respect to commodities or interest rates.  Although the Group seeks to manage these risks through its 
internal guidelines and policies for risk management, there can be no assurance that a counterparty default with 
respect to an agreement entered into by a Group company and/or the insufficient value of the collateral, where 
available, may not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Risks associated with measuring intangible assets and goodwill 
The Group’s balance sheet as at 30 June 2022 included intangible assets of €15,525 million (relating mainly to 
concession rights for an amount of €9,312 million and goodwill for an amount of €6,111 million), as compared 
to total assets amounting to €19,708 million.  The Group assesses the recoverable amount of the intangible 
assets conducting impairment tests that are performed at the end of reporting periods if there are indications that 
such assets have been impaired.  Irrespective of whether there is an indication of impairment, intangible assets 
with indefinite lives (such as goodwill) and those which are not yet available for use are tested for impairment 
at least annually.  The impairment test involves a complex process that requires estimates to be made that include 
judgements and significant assumptions by the Group’s management in the preparation of impairments, relating 
mainly to discount rates, macroeconomic variables, changes in traffic and tolls, future operating costs, and 
disbursements for future investments. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
The Group is subject to legal proceedings which could adversely affect its consolidated revenues. 
As part of the ordinary course of business, companies within the Group are subject to a number of administrative, 
civil and criminal proceedings.  The Group is, and may in the future be, a party to judicial, arbitration and 
regulatory proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business, including claims relating to compulsory 
land purchases required for toll road construction, claims relating to defects in construction projects performed 
or services rendered, claims for third party liability in connection with the use of the Group’s assets or the 
actions of the Group’s employees, employment-related claims, environmental claims and tax claims. An 
unfavourable outcome (including an out-of-court settlement) in one or more of such proceedings or in future 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
In particular, ASPI is currently involved in two criminal proceedings where a liability under Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 231/2001 (as amended from time to time, the “Decree 231”) is alleged: the first, before the court of 
Ancona, in connection with the collapse of a bridge on the A14 motorway; the second, before the court of 
Genoa, in relation to several criminal offences of false statement in digital documents allegedly committed in 
carrying out inspection activities on both viaducts and tunnels.  For additional information, see “Business

--- Page 34 ---
25 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Description of the Group — Legal Proceedings”.  Decree 231 provides that a quasi-criminal liability may attach 
to an entity for certain type of crimes committed in their interest or to their advantage by individuals which have 
a functional relationship with such corporate entities, such as employees, directors and representatives; entities 
may establish a defence against such liabilities if they have implemented compliance procedures, also known 
as the “organizational, management and control model under Decree 231”; however, the implementation of such 
compliance procedures will not per se discharge any liability under Decree 231.  A quasi-criminal proceeding 
relating to alleged crimes subject to Decree 231, even if ultimately such proceeding discharges the relevant 
Group entity, could be costly and could divert management’s attention away from other aspects of its business.  
Any such proceedings may also cause adverse publicity and reputational harm, and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had accrued a €1,832 million1 provision in its financial statements for litigation.  
To the extent the Group is not successful in some or all of these matters, or in future legal challenges (including 
potential class actions or legal proceedings which the Group deems without merit or for which the potential 
Group liability cannot currently be estimated), the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations may be materially adversely affected. 
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment, and its operating results and financial condition 
could be adversely affected by a change in law, governmental policy and/or other governmental actions. 
The Italian motorway sector is governed by a series of Italian and local laws, ministerial decrees and resolutions, 
and resolutions by other authorities as well as by generally applicable laws and special legislation, including 
environmental laws and regulations.  In turn, such laws must comply with, and are subject to, EU law.  Each of 
the Concessions granted to the Motorway Companies is governed by the specific terms of such Concession, 
together with other generally applicable laws, ministerial decrees and resolutions.  In addition, the operations 
of the Group are subject to compliance with obligations set under applicable laws and regulations relating to, 
inter alia, the protection of the environment, health, the safety of employees and contractors’ employees, as 
well as road safety. 
Changes in laws and regulations which affect the tariff formula or activities required to be performed under a 
concession and thereby adversely impact the economic or financial position of a concessionaire may give rise 
to a right by the concessionaire to renegotiate with the Concession Grantor the terms thereof in an effort to 
restore the financial balance between tariffs and required investments in existence prior to the relevant changes 
or terminate the Concession agreement with provision of compensation or indemnification.  However, there can 
be no assurance that changes in any of these laws or regulations, including changes that may require the Group 
to make additional capital investments, will not materially adversely affect the financial results of the Group or 
that the Group shall be adequately indemnified. 
In addition, changes in Italian Government policy with respect to motorway concessions, construction and 
related government grants can significantly affect the Group’s results of operations.  Furthermore, there can be 
no assurance that future tariff adjustments will enable the Group to generate adequate revenues or that its results 
of operations will not be materially adversely affected by future limitations on tariff adjustments or regulations. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to cyber-crime. 
The Group relies on internal and outsourced IT systems to manage its business and operations and to carry out 
services vis-à-vis its clients.  The Group is exposed to the risk that functional problems in its technological and 
IT architecture could cause an interruption in its business, as well as the risk of unauthorised access to IT systems 
or the possible success of external cyber-attacks, which may result in damage, loss, removal or unlawful 
disclosure of the data managed by the Group which could expose the Group to financial penalties and fines and, 
in turn, may harm its image or reputation vis-à-vis its customers. 
Although the Group regularly maintains and updates its IT systems, and within its IT security framework it has 
adopted solutions for information security, any problems associated with inefficient maintenance, a failure or 
                                                     
1 
The amount of provisions for litigation as of 30 June 2022 includes also provisions related to Settlement 
Agreement with the MIT (totaling €1,745 million).

--- Page 35 ---
26 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
delay in updating its IT systems, any unauthorised access to its computer systems or a successful external cyber-
attack could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s operations are subject to extensive environmental regulation. 
The Group’s activities are subject to a broad range of environmental laws and regulations, which, among other 
things, require performance of environmental impact studies for future projects, application for and compliance 
with the terms of licenses, permits and other prescriptive approvals.  Environmental risks inherent to the Group’s 
activities include those arising from the management of residues, effluents, emissions and land on the Group’s 
facilities and installations, as well as waste disposal and reduction of noise pollution.  These risks are subject to 
strict national and international regulations and regular audits by government authorities. 
Any of these risks may give rise to claims for damages and/or sanctions and may cause potential damage to the 
Group’s image and reputation.  In addition, these regulations may be subject to significant tightening or other 
modifications by national, European and international laws.  The cost of complying with these regulations could 
be onerous.  Although the Group has been making investments to comply with various environmental laws and 
regulations, any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, any adverse change to environmental 
regulation and/or additional requests for mitigating measures may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, if such circumstances arise during the 
construction phase of a project, the Group may be subject to legal proceedings and resulting delays in the 
construction and termination of the works.  The occurrence of any of such events could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential Noteholders.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features. 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will be 
below the margin, if any, or may be zero.  Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, the holders of 
such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods. 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate ‘benchmarks’. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform which are 
ongoing.  Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  These reforms 
may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to such a “benchmark” including on the value, liquidity or return on such Notes. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include the International Organization of Securities Commission 
(“IOSCO”)’s proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark 
Principles”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No. 596/2014 (the “EU BMR”). 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the BMR, which entered into force on 30 June 
2016.  Subject to various transitional provisions, the BMR applies from 1 January 2018, except that the regime 
for ‘critical’ benchmarks has applied since 30 June 2016 and certain amendments to Regulation (EU) No.

--- Page 36 ---
27 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
596/2014 (the “Market Abuse Regulation”) have applied from 3 July 2016.  The BMR applies to the provision 
of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU.  
The BMR applies to ‘contributors’, ‘administrators’ and ‘users’ of ‘benchmarks’ in the EU, and, among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain 
‘equivalence’ conditions in its local jurisdiction, to be ‘recognised’ by the authorities of a Member State pending 
an equivalence decision or to be ‘endorsed’ for such purpose by an EU competent authority) and to comply with 
requirements in relation to the administration of ‘benchmarks’ and (ii) bans the use of ‘benchmarks’ of 
unauthorised administrators  (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK.  Similarly, it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA 
or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  The 
scope of the EU BMR and UK BMR is wide and, in addition to so-called ‘critical benchmark’ indices such as 
EURIBOR, will apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange 
rate indices and other indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed 
financial instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. 
The EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, could also have a material impact on any listed Notes linked 
to a “benchmark” index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK (as applicable) jurisdiction which (subject 
to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation.  In such event, depending 
on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be delisted (if 
listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” related to a series of Notes could be changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, and such changes 
could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the “benchmark” or of affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including 
Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform), the discontinuing of or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in 
certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  The disappearance of a “benchmark” or changes in the manner of 
administration of a “benchmark” could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, 
discretionary valuation by the Issuer, delisting (if listed) or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such 
“benchmark”.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
If the relevant Reference Rate is discontinued, the rate of interest of the affected Floating Rate Notes will be 
changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of 
such holders be obtained. 
The Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that a published Original Reference 
Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) by 
the application of an Adjustment Spread.  The application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or an 
Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form.  If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be 
used to determine the rate of interest.  In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  This may

--- Page 37 ---
28 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last used 
for the relevant Notes or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time.  If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the 
Conditions or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use 
of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments 
shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 
5(j). 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or if “ISDA 2021 
Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate 
Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined 
on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant 
screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may 
lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, 
and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of the Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times 
when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  Further, during any period in which there is an actual or perceived increase in 
the likelihood that the Issuer may redeem the Notes, the price of the Notes may also be adversely impacted.  
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.  See “The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to maturity and investors may be unable to 
reinvest the proceeds of any such redemption in comparable securities”. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to maturity and investors may be unable to reinvest the proceeds of 
any such redemption in comparable securities. 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the applicable Final Terms specify otherwise, in the event 
that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer’s option or in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem those 
Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low (see also “Notes subject to optional 
redemption by the Issuer” above).  In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
29 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if 
and when 80 per cent. or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche of Notes has been 
redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The value of fixed rate Notes may change 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on floating rate notes 
A key difference between floating rate notes and fixed rate notes is that interest income on floating rate notes 
cannot be anticipated.  Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
floating rate notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments having longer fixed interest periods.  If the terms and conditions of the notes provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline.  That 
is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing.  In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue fixed rate notes may affect the market value and the 
secondary market (if any) of the floating rate notes (and vice versa).  Investment in Notes which bear interest at 
a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from 
such base rate.  Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be 
a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant final terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or 
six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions.  Accordingly, the market 
value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next 
periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of unsecured debt which the Issuer may incur 
The Conditions of the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of unsecured indebtedness which the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries may from time to time incur.  In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the 
Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with the Issuer’s other unsecured senior indebtedness and, accordingly, any 
increase in the amount of the Issuer’s unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Noteholders.  In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 4(a)

--- Page 39 ---
30 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(Negative Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its Material 
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Conditions) over present and future indebtedness. 
Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency 
or winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured 
indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets.  In relation to the indebtedness of the Issuer, see also “— 
The Group’s leverage may have significant adverse financial and economic effects on the Group” above. 
The Notes contain limited provisions governing the Group’s operations and the Issuer’s ability to merge, 
effect asset sales or otherwise effect significant transactions that may have a material and adverse effect on 
the Notes and the holders thereof. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain limited provisions governing the Group’s operations and the Issuer’s ability 
to enter into a merger, asset sale or other significant transaction that could materially alter its existence, 
jurisdiction of organisation or regulatory regime and/or its composition and its business, such as Condition 10(i) 
(Change of Business).  In the event the Group was to enter into such a transaction, Noteholders could be 
materially and adversely affected. 
The Issuer may amend the economic terms and conditions of the Notes without the prior consent of all 
holders of such Notes. 
The Trust Deed and the Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority.  Any such amendment to the Notes may include, without limitation, lowering the 
ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and 
manner of payment, changing provisions relating to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes, and changing 
the amendment provisions.  These and other changes may adversely impact Noteholders’ rights and may 
adversely impact the market value of the Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed or (ii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the 
Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes described as “Step Up Notes” or “Premium 
Payment Notes”. In such event, (i) the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment 
in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions or (ii) a premium payment may be payable in connection 
with the Premium Payment Notes in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions, in any case depending 
on the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Condition, Scope 3 
Emissions (B) Intensity Condition and EV Charging Points Condition (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). The Notes described above are not being marketed as green bonds, social bonds or 
alike purpose financing instrument, since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate 
purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business 
activities meeting environmental, sustainability or social criteria, or be subject to any other limitations 
associated with such instruments. 
Such Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment 
in assets with sustainability characteristics and the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, Scope 3 Emissions 
(A) Intensity, Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity and EV Charging Points may be inconsistent with investor 
requirements or expectation or other definitions relevant to carbon dioxide emissions. 
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its carbon dioxide gas emissions, there can be no assurance of the extent 
to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets 
will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other

--- Page 40 ---
31 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the 
design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of this target or such 
investments may become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders.  
Furthermore, in the event that any such Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes are listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes. 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion (as defined under “Sustainability-
Linked Financing Frameworks, Second Party Opinions and External Verification” above) as well as any other 
opinion, report, certification or sustainability rating that the Issuer may request a specialised consulting firm or 
rating agency to issue in connection with the issue of “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes”, may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors and other factors 
that may affect the value of the relevant Notes. A Sustainability-Linked Framework Second-party Opinion, as 
well as any other opinion, report, certification or sustainability ratings, would not constitute a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold the relevant “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes” and would only be current as of 
the date it is released. A withdrawal of any such opinions, reports, certifications or sustainability ratings may 
affect the value of such “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes” and/or may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. Furthermore, prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report, certification or sustainability 
rating and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report, certification or 
sustainability rating for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, 
reports, certifications and sustainability ratings are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. For the avoidance of doubt, as mentioned, any such opinion, report, certification or sustainability 
rating (including, without limitation, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion 
and the related Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated 
into and/or form part of this Offering Circular (unless otherwise expressly stated). In addition, as there is 
currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor clear market consensus as to what 
constitutes a “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in 
addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to 
investors by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies), any second party opinion providers or the External Verifier that the Step Up Notes and the 
Premium Payment Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Step Up Notes, the Premium 
Payment Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or that any adverse 
other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
The Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators. 
The Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators such as carbon dioxide equivalent emissions and the installation of charging devices for 
electric vehicles (see “Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) which must be complied with by the 
Issuer, and in respect of which a Step Up Option or Premium Payment Condition applies, if applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet such sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased 
interest amounts or additional payments under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding 
and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or 
its results of operations.

--- Page 41 ---
32 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Step Up Event or a Premium Payment Trigger Event may occur 
if, amongst other things (i) carbon dioxide emissions do not reduce by at least the relevant Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage Threshold or Scope 3 Emissions 
(B) Intensity Percentage Threshold on the relevant Reference Year(s), as applicable or (ii) the Number of EV 
Charging Points installed on the Motorway Network at the end of the relevant Reference Year(s) does not exceed 
the EV Charging Point Increase Threshold. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit the Issuer to 
redetermine (i) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline, the Scope 
3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline, the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity 
Amount, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Amount and/or the Number of EV Charging Points without the 
consent of the Noteholders to reflect, amongst other things, any significant change to the business model and/or 
perimeter of the Group, to reflect any change in the calculation methodology or improvements in the accuracy 
of emission factors or activity data or to exclude any material adverse effect arising from an amendment to the 
Italian legal or regulatory framework applicable, directly or indirectly, to the operation of toll roads. 
Accordingly, while any such redetermination must be disclosed in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
and verified by an independent, qualified reviewer, any redetermination may increase or decrease the volume 
of carbon dioxide used as a baseline or the actual volume of carbon dioxide recorded for each Reporting Year, 
and therefore respectively increase the volume of carbon dioxide that may be produced by the Group while still 
being able to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Condition or 
the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Premium 
Payment Trigger Event, or decrease the total volume of reduction of carbon dioxide that needs to be achieved 
by the Group in order to satisfy such conditions and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Premium 
Payment Trigger Event. The occurrence of any such redetermination event may impact, positively or negatively, 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its sustainability targets, which could in turn adversely affect the market value 
of the Step Up Notes and/or the Premium Payment Notes (as well as other securities of the Issuer). 
In addition, each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity, Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline, 
Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity, Scope 3 Emissions 
(B) Intensity Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Percentage Threshold, Number of EV Charging Points, 
EV Charging Point Baseline and EV Charging Point Increase Threshold is calculated internally by the Issuer 
based on broadly accepted industry standards and guidelines. These standards and guidelines may change over 
time, which may affect the way in which the Issuer performs such calculations. The standards and guidelines 
continue to be reviewed by expert groups and include contributions from industry bodies, which may change 
going forward. As a consequence, any of these changes to the calculation methodology or to standards and 
guidelines may not be in line with investors' expectations or requirements when investing in Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes. 
No Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes, nor will the Issuer 
be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Issuer fails to comply with the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Condition and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity 
Condition and/or the EV Charging Points Condition. 
Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of any Step 
Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Group to 
reputational risks 
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of any Step Up Note and Premium Payment Note under the Programme, 
will be to maintain or get certain sustainability targets, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will 
be successful in doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such sustainability targets 
or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact.  
In addition, the Issuer may decide to announce different and/or more ambitious sustainability targets after the 
Issue Date of any Series of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes or to apply such different and/or more 
ambitious sustainability targets to other financing instruments. In such circumstances, there will be no automatic

--- Page 42 ---
33 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
upgrade of the sustainability targets applicable to the Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes outstanding at 
that time or the provision of different targets. However, while the Issuer maintains a certain degree of flexibility 
to amend the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to incorporate more ambitious sustainability targets 
following the Issue Date of each Series of Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes (see Condition 13(c)), 
the Issuer is under no obligation to do so. 
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes and 
the price at which a holder of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes will be able to sell its Step Up Notes 
or Premium Payment Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. See also “Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics” above for a description of the risk that Step Up Notes and Premium Payment 
Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or other standards for investment in assets 
with sustainability characteristics.  
A failure by the Group to satisfy the sustainability targets could also harm the Group’s reputation. Furthermore, 
the Group’s efforts in reaching the sustainability targets may become controversial or be criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its 
business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under any “Step Up Notes” and “Premium Payment Notes” issued under 
the Programme, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such “Step Up Notes” and “Premium 
Payment Notes”, if the Issuer fails to meet any of the sustainability targets, or if it fails to comply with the 
disclosure and reporting obligations under the applicable Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the 
Notes and/or withdrawal of such opinion, report or certification issued in this respect. 
Risk connected with the possibility of changes to the tax regime of the Notes. 
It is not possible to predict whether the tax regime applicable on interest and on other income, including capital 
gains, deriving from the Notes, will undergo changes during the life of such Notes; therefore it cannot be ruled 
out that, in the event of such changes, the net values indicated may alter, perhaps significantly, from those that 
actually apply to the Notes at the various payment dates. 
Any greater fiscal charges on profits or on capital gains in connection with the Notes, with reference to those 
payable under the applicable tax regulations, following legislative or regulatory changes, or as a result of a 
change of practice in terms of interpretation of the rules by the financial administration, will consequently mean 
a reduction in the return on the Notes, net of the tax charge, and this will not result in any obligation of the 
Issuer to pay the Noteholders any additional sum by way of compensation for such greater tax burden. 
Tax law in Italy may restrict the deductibility of all or a portion of the interest expenses of the Issuer or the 
Group’s indebtedness, including interest expenses in respect of the Notes. 
Article 96 of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (“Decree 917”) outlines the general rules on deductibility 
of interest expenses for Italian corporate income tax purposes.  Specifically, subject to certain exceptions, such 
rules allow for the full tax deductibility of interest expenses and assimilated costs (collectively “Interest 
Expenses”) incurred by an Italian tax resident company in each fiscal year up to the amount of the interest 
income and assimilated proceeds (collectively “Interest Income”) accrued in the same fiscal year, as evidenced 
by the relevant annual financial statements.  Any excess interest expense over that amount is deductible up to 
30 per cent. of the gross operating income (i.e. earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, 
EBITDA; or “ROL”) derived through the core business of the company.  If, in a fiscal year, there is an excess 
of 30% ROL over the net Interest Expenses, the excess may be carried forward without limitation and may be 
used to increase the relevant ROL threshold in the following fiscal years.  Interest Expenses not deducted in a 
fiscal year can be carried forward to the following fiscal years, provided that, in such fiscal years, the amount 
by which Interest Expenses exceeds Interest Income is lower than 30% of ROL.  In case a resident company is 
part of a domestic fiscal unit (tax consolidation), Interest Expenses that cannot be deducted at stand-alone level 
by an entity belonging to the fiscal unit due to a lack of sufficient ROL can be deducted at the fiscal unit level 
to the extent of the excess ROL of other companies belonging to the same fiscal unit.  Under Article 4 of 
Legislative Decree No. 147 of 14 September 2015, published in the Official Gazette No. 220 of 
22 September 2015 (“Internationalisation Decree”), starting from 1 January 2016 ROL of non-resident

--- Page 43 ---
34 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
controlled companies is no longer taken into account for interest deduction purposes.  Under certain conditions, 
however, dividends paid by non-resident controlled companies to their Italian parent companies will increase 
the ROL of the Italian receiving companies. 
Italian Legislative Decree n. 142 of 29 November 2018, enacting the EU anti-tax avoidance package was 
published in the Official Gazette on 28 December 2018.  The Italian ATAD Decree transposes EU Directive 
2016/1164 (ATAD 1) – as amended by EU Directive 2017/952 (ATAD 2) – into the Italian legal system, 
providing rules against the erosion of taxable bases in the internal market and the shifting of profits out of the 
Italian market.  Such rules are aimed at tackling double deduction or “deduction without inclusion” (deduction 
of a negative income component in one country, such as interest expenses under the Notes, without any taxation 
in the other country) due to a different characterisation of financial instruments, payments, entities, and 
permanent establishments in various countries.  The rules apply to mismatches occurring between taxpayers 
considered to be associated enterprises or arising in the context of a structured arrangement between two non-
associated taxpayers. 
The Italian tax authorities have in certain instances totally or partially limited the deductibility of the interest 
expenses arising in connection with certain acquisition financing, refinancing of previous acquisitions’ 
indebtedness, dividend recapitalisations or other transactions with shareholders (such as transfer of shares 
intragroup).  This position has been taken by arguing that the actual beneficiary of the transaction which 
generated the interest expense was not the acquiring entity, but its shareholders.  Moreover, in circumstances 
where the Italian company deducting the interest expenses accrued on the aforementioned transactions was 
controlled by a non Italian resident entity, the Italian tax authorities argued that such interest expense should 
have been re charged at arm’s length to the non Italian resident shareholders.  To date, tax courts have not ruled 
in a consistent way with respect to these cases, although there is jurisprudence in favour of the taxpayer’s 
position.  The Italian tax authorities have recently ruled that the deduction of interest expenses arising from 
indebtedness, incurred with third parties in the context of the acquisition transactions, should not be denied 
when such acquisitions are genuinely held. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that in the case of a tax audit, the relevant tax authorities would not try to 
challenge the deductibility of interest expenses arising in connection with the component of any financing used, 
in whole or in part, to refinance an outstanding loan or debt, when the terms and conditions of the refinancing 
transaction appear less favourable than the ones of the previous financing transaction.  In particular, in such 
circumstances, the relevant tax authorities could argue that the interest expenses arising from such financing 
does not relate to the business of the borrowing entity (as the relevant transaction is deemed as “anti-economic” 
and as such not compliant with the “inherence” principle set out under Italian tax law). 
Any future changes in Italian tax laws or in their interpretation or application (including any future limitation 
on the use of the ROL of the Issuer and its Italian subsidiaries or changes in the tax treatment of Interest Expenses 
arising from any indebtedness incurred by the Issuer and its subsidiaries, including in respect of the Notes), the 
failure to satisfy the applicable Italian legal requirements relating to the deductibility of Interest Expenses 
incurred in respect of the Notes or the application by the Italian tax authorities of certain existing interpretations 
of Italian tax law may result in the Issuer or the Group’s inability to fully deduct their Interest Expenses in 
respect of the Notes, which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations or prospects. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Italian law or administrative 
practice 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes.  In addition, Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Threshold Increase, SLB 
Amendments and Substitution) and Schedule 3 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) of the Trust Deed are 
subject to compliance with Italian law.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English or Italian law or administrative practice after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  See also 
“— Noteholders’ meeting provisions may change by operation of law or because of changes in the Issuer’s 
circumstances” below.

--- Page 44 ---
35 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Because the Global Notes are held by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, Noteholders will have to 
rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes, which will be deposited 
with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note and the applicable Final Terms, Noteholders will not be 
entitled to receive definitive Notes.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, 
Noteholders will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  A holder of 
a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to receive payments under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer cannot assure holders that the procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be adequate to ensure that holders receive payments in a timely manner.  A 
holder of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Denominations. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent).  In such 
a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note (should definitive notes be printed) and may need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The appointment of a Calculation Agent may result in conflicts of interest. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme.  
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, 
in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests 
may arise.  Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in 
place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders 
during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which 
could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks related to the market generally 
No prior market for Notes — if an active trading market does not develop for the Notes, the Notes may not 
be able to be resold. 
There is no existing market for the Notes, and there can be no assurance regarding the future development of a 
market for the Notes.  Although application has been made to list the Notes issued under this Programme on 
Euronext Dublin, no assurance can be made that the Notes will become or remain listed. 
No assurance can be made as to the liquidity of any market that may develop for the Notes, the ability of 
Noteholders to sell the Notes or the price at which Noteholders may be able to sell the Notes.  The liquidity of 
any market for the Notes will depend on the number of Noteholders, prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions and the Group’s financial condition, 
performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts.  As a result, there can be no

--- Page 45 ---
36 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or, if one does develop, that it will be 
maintained.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms).  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Noteholder’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency.  These include the risk that there may be a material change in the exchange rate between 
the Specified Currency and the Noteholder’s Currency or that a modification of exchange controls by the 
applicable authorities with jurisdiction over the Noteholder’s Currency will be imposed.  The Issuer has no 
control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and the 
supply and demand for the applicable currencies.  Moreover, if payments on the Notes are determined by 
reference to a formula containing a multiplier or leverage factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates 
between the applicable currencies will be magnified.  In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies 
have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the future.  
An appreciation in the value of the Noteholder’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(i) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned 
to the Issuer from time to time or to other Notes issued under the Programme.  In addition, real or anticipated 
changes in the Issuer’s credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes will generally affect the market value of 
the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Furthermore, UK regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK 
credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be:  (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.  Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, 
as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances.  In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied.

--- Page 46 ---
37 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
The listing of the Notes may not satisfy the listing requirement of Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996. 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and to be listed in the Official List of Euronext Dublin.  However, such listing may 
not meet the listing requirements established by Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree 
239”) and by the Italian tax authorities, which in Circular Letter No. 4/E of 6 March 2013 stated that the listing 
requirement has to be satisfied upon the Issue Date.  Considering that there cannot be assurance that the Notes 
will be listed on the Issue Date, there may be the risk that the Notes may not fall within the scope of, and benefit 
from, the tax regime set forth in Decree 239.  If this were the case, payments of interest, premium and other 
income with respect to the Notes would be subject to a withholding tax generally at a rate of 26 per cent. 
(potentially reduced (generally to a 10 per cent. rate) under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, 
subject to timely filing of the required documentation). 
Not all investors in the unlisted Notes will be able to obtain the benefits of the regime under Decree 239. 
Unlisted notes issued by companies other than banks, companies whose shares are traded on a regulated market 
or multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA country which is included in the so-called Italian “white list” 
(as identified currently in Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented), and economic public entities transformed in joint-stock companies by virtue of a provision of 
law, will fall within the scope of Decree 239 only if all the notes are subscribed, held and circulated exclusively 
by qualified investors as defined under Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (“Decree 
No. 58”), as amended from time to time.  Based on the interpretation of the Italian tax authorities, if some of 
these unlisted notes are subscribed, held or circulated by investors other than qualified investors, then all the 
notes shall be outside the scope of Decree 239 (see Circular Letter No. 29/E of 26 September 2014). 
Not all non-Italian investors in the Notes will be able to obtain the benefits of the regime under Decree 239. 
The regime provided by Decree 239 applies if certain procedural requirements are met.  There can be no 
assurance that all non-Italian resident investors will be able to claim the application of the substitute tax 
exemption regime. 
Notes may be affected by a proposal relating to Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”). 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
“Commission’s Proposal”) for a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia, although Estonia has since stated that it will not participate).  The Commission’s Proposal is still 
pending before the Council of the EU and its status is regularly discussed at the European and Financial Affairs 
Council.  Moreover, in the course of 2020, the European Commission brought to the attention of the Council of 
the EU and the EU Parliament the possibility to propose, by June 2024, the introduction of a reshaped EU FTT 
as a new EU own resource.  The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and, if introduced in its current 
form, could apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating EU member states.  As a general rule, it would apply where at least one party is a 
financial institution and at least one party is established in a participating EU member state.  A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating EU member state in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (i) by transacting with a person established in a participating EU member state or (ii) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating EU 
member state.

--- Page 47 ---
38 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions (including concluding 
swap transactions and/or purchases of securities (such as authorised investments)) if it is adopted based on the 
Commission’s Proposal.  Any such tax liabilities may reduce amounts available to the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes and may result in investors receiving less interest or principal than expected.  It 
should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) if the conditions for a charge to arise were satisfied and the 
FTT were adopted based on the Commission’s Proposal.  Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) 
of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
The FTT proposal, however, remains subject to negotiations between participating EU member states.  It may 
therefore be amended before any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU member 
states may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 48 ---
39 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
This Offering Circular should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections of the documents 
incorporated by reference set out in the table below.  The following documents which have previously been 
published and have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Autostrade Italia as at 
and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports 
(available 
at:  
https://www.autostrade.it/documents/10279/42590885/RFA_ASPI_2020_ENG.pdf/2c87b7ee-ae71-
6d09-898e-dbc3896a1536?t=1627466599149) 
and  
https://www.autostrade.it/documents/10279/49045784/ASPI_FY_2021_Fascicolo_completo.pdf/e80e
5c4e-6045-04f9-1a09-9ad078805468?t=1650964708051, including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer
 
 
Consolidated results of operations .........................................................................................  
Pages 38 – 42 
Pages 34 – 38 
Consolidated financial position ..............................................................................................  
Pages 43 – 48 
Pages 39 – 44 
Consolidated cash flow ..........................................................................................................  
Pages 49 – 50 
N/A 
Reconciliation of the reclassified and statutory financial statements .....................................  
Pages 142 – 146 
Pages 132-137 
Risk management ..................................................................................................................  
Pages 120 – 123 
 Pages 125-130 
Consolidated statement of financial position .........................................................................  
Pages 154-155 
Pages 148-149 
Consolidated income statement .............................................................................................  
Page 156 
Page 150 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ................................................................  
Page 157 
Page 38 
Statement of changes in consolidated equity .........................................................................  
Page 158 
Page 152 
Consolidated statement of cash flow......................................................................................  
Page 159 
Page 153 
Additional information on the statement of cash flow ...........................................................  
Page 160 
Page 154 
Reconciliation of net cash and cash equivalents ....................................................................  
Page 160 
Page 154 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .......................................................................  
Pages 161-260 
Pages 155-262 
Auditors’ report .....................................................................................................................  
Pages 406-414 
Pages 406-424 
(b) 
the English translation of the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of 
Autostrade Italia as at and for the six months ended 30 June  2021 and 2022 with the accompanying 
notes 
and 
auditors’ 
review 
reports 
(available 
at: 
 
and 
https://www.autostrade.it/documents/10279/7727109/Relazione_ASPI_3062021_ENG.pdf/8852c8c0-
20a3-8df1-c5ca-
d25844a04595?t=1632302584843http://www.autostrade.it/documents/10279/4408513/Relazione+fina
nziaria+semestrale+al+30+giugno+2016+del+Gruppo+Autostrade+per+l%27Italia_ENG.pdf?s=28 
and 
https://www.autostrade.it/documents/10279/49787857/ASPI_1H_2022_Relazione_Finanziaria_Seme
strale_ING_02_09_2022.pdf/d756cc9a-0a04-abf1-f417-059026f4f8b6?t=1662131943857), including 
the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
Unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
 
 
Consolidated results of operations .........................................................................................  
Pages 25 – 29 
Pages 21 – 25 
Consolidated financial position ..............................................................................................  
Pages 30 – 34 
Pages 25 – 29 
Consolidated cash flow ..........................................................................................................  
Pages 35 – 37 
N/A 
Autostrade per l’Italia risk management ................................................................................  
Pages 48 – 51 
N/A 
Reconciliation of the reclassified and statutory financial statements .....................................  
Pages 60 – 63 
Pages 46 – 50 
Consolidated statement of financial position .........................................................................  
Pages 66-67 
Pages 54 - 55 
Consolidated income statement .............................................................................................  
Page 68 
Page 56 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ................................................................  
Page 69 
Page 57

--- Page 49 ---
40 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 
 
2021 
2022 
Statement of changes in consolidated equity .........................................................................  
Page 70 
Page 58 
Consolidated statement of cash flow......................................................................................  
Page 71 
Page 59 
Additional information on the statement of cash flow ...........................................................  
Page 72 
Page 60 
Reconciliation of net cash and cash equivalents ....................................................................  
Page 72 
Page 60 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements .......................................................................  
Pages 73-135 
Pages 61 - 122 
Auditors’ review report ..........................................................................................................  
Pages 139-140 
Pages 127 - 128 
 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables above but included in such documents incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Offering 
Circular and it is provided for information purposes only. 
(c) 
the English translation of the press release dated 10 November 2022 containing the unaudited condensed 
consolidated interim results of Autostrade Italia as at and for the nine months ended on 30 September 
2022 (the “Q3 Press Release”) (which is available on the website of the Issuer at: : 
https://www.autostrade.it/documents/10279/49045784/2022_11_10_ASPI_Results_9M2022__ENG.p
df/a9ecc820-abe7-1d2e-b1fb-94736afe9df3?t=1668098336302). 
(d) 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 130-162 of the offering circular 
relating to the programme dated 16 November 2021 (the “2021 Offering Circular”)  (which is available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at:  
https://www.autostrade.it/documents/10279/49213560/ASPI_2021_EMTN_Programme__Offering_C
ircular.pdf). Any information not included in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of the 
2021 Offering Circular but included therein is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere 
in this Offering Circular and it is provided for information purposes only. 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is current only as at the date of such document, and the 
incorporation by reference herein of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date thereof or that the information contained therein 
is current as at any time subsequent to its date. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Any statement contained in 
this Offering Circular or in a document that is incorporated by reference shall be deemed modified or superseded 
to the extent a statement contained in any subsequent document that is also incorporated by reference modifies 
or supersedes any such statement.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Offering Circular.  References to this Offering Circular shall 
be taken to mean this document. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference may be inspected, free of charge, at the specified offices of 
the relevant paying agents, on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and on the Issuer’s 
web site at the links provided above.

--- Page 50 ---
41 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA 
General 
Unless otherwise indicated or where the context requires otherwise, references in this Offering Circular to 
“euro” or “Euro” or “€” are to the single currency of the participating Member States in the Third Stage of 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended 
from time to time. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Autostrade Italia prepares its financial statements in euro. 
Autostrade Italia reports its financial information in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”), as prescribed by European Union Regulation No. 1606 of 
19 July 2002.  Autostrade Italia’s financial year begins on 1 January and terminates on 31 December of each 
calendar year.  Italian law requires Autostrade Italia to produce annual audited financial statements. 
Autostrade Italia became an issuer following its issue of bonds to retail investors in Italy, completed in the first 
half of 2015.  The prospectus for such issue of bonds was approved by CONSOB, the Italian securities market 
authority. 
Change in the scope of consolidation affecting the financial statements 
The scope of consolidation at 31 December 2021 differs from the scope used at 31 December 2020, due to (i) 
the consolidation of Amplia Infrastructures S.p.A. (“Amplia Infrastructure”, formerly Pavimental S.p.A.) 
following ASPI’s acquisition of a 79.4% stake in such company, as a result of which the Issuer holds 99.4% of 
the share capital of Amplia Infrastructures; (ii) the consolidation of Infomobility S.r.l. following Movyon’s 
acquisition of a 90% stake in its share capital; and (iii) the consolidation of Free to X S.r.l., a newly established 
subsidiary of ASPI. 
The scope of consolidation at 30 June 2022 differs from the scope used at 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2021 
due to the incorporation of Elgea S.p.A. (“Elgea”), MovyonMex S.A. and Movyon SEE in 2022. 
Restatement of financial statements 
Certain income statement and cash flow items for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 presented in the 
unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Autostrade Italia as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June  2022 and in this Offering Circular have been restated to reflect the entry into force of the Third 
Addendum to the Single Concession Contract on 30 March 2022 (for additional information, see “Business 
Description of the Group – Recent Developments – Effectiveness of Settlement Agreement, EFP and Third 
Addendum”). 
For additional information, see Note 8.12 to the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements 
of Autostrade Italia as at and for the six months ended 30 June  2022, which is incorporated by reference into 
this Offering Circular. 
Non-IFRS financial measures 
The documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular contain references to EBITDA, EBITDA 
Like-for-Like, EBITDA Margin, EBITDA Margin Like-for-Like, Operating Cash Flow, Operating Cash Flow 
Margin, Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like, Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like Margin, Free Cash Flow and 
Capital Expenditure.  In the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated financial statements: 
 
EBITDA, as defined in the report on operations included in the Group’s financial statements,  is 
calculated by deducting the operating change in provisions and operating costs, with the exception of 
amortisation, depreciation, impairment losses, reversals of impairment losses, provisions for the costs 
to be incurred over time in relation to renewal of infrastructure operated under concession by Società 
Italiana per Azioni per il Traforo del Monte Bianco , from operating revenue;

--- Page 51 ---
42 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA Like-for-Like is calculated by adjusting EBITDA by excluding, where present, the impact of:  
(i) changes in the scope of consolidation; (ii) the difference arisen from the different discount rates 
applied to the provisions accounted for among the Group’s liabilities; and (iii) events and/or transactions 
not strictly connected with operating activities that have an appreciable influence on amounts for at 
least one of the comparative periods; in particular, in 2019 the main adjustment was related to the 
provisions set aside by the Issuer in connection with the Settlement Process (€1,500 million), in 2020 
the main adjustments were related to (a) impact of the Polcevera Bridge Collapse (€60 million) and (b) 
the provisions set aside by the Issuer in connection with the Settlement Process (€190 million), in 2021, 
the main adjustment was related to the impact of the Polcevera Bridge Collapse (€44 million); 
 
EBITDA Margin is calculated as the ratio of EBITDA and operating revenues; 
 
EBITDA Margin Like-for-Like is calculated as the ratio of EBITDA Like-for-Like and operating 
revenues like-for-like; 
 
Operating revenues Like-for-Like is calculated as operating revenues less the impacts connected with 
the Polcevera Bridge Collapse (equal to €19 million in 2019, €44 million in 2020 and €0 in 2021); 
 
Operating Cash Flow is calculated as the algebraical sum of the following items:  (i) profit/(loss) for 
the period; (ii) amortisation/depreciation; (iii) impairments/reversals of impairments of assets; (iv) 
provisions/releases of provisions in excess of requirements and uses of provisions; (v) other 
adjustments; (vi) financial expenses from discounting of provisions; (vii) share of profit/loss of 
investees accounted for using the equity method in profit or loss; (viii) losses/ gains on sale of assets; 
(ix) other non-cash items; and (x) deferred tax assets/liabilities recognised in profit and loss; 
 
Operating Cash Flow Margin is calculated as the ratio Operating Cash Flow and operating revenues; 
 
Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like is calculated by adjusting the Operating Cash Flow by excluding, 
where present, the impact of:  (i) changes in the scope of consolidation, (ii) the difference arisen from 
the different discount rates applied to the provisions accounted for among the Group’s liabilities; and 
(iii) events and/or transactions not strictly connected with operating activities that have an appreciable 
influence on amounts for at least one of the comparative periods; in particular, in  2019 and 2020 the 
main adjustment was related to the impact of the Morandi Bridge Collapse (€234 million and €209 
million, respectively), while in 2021 the main impact was the settlement of disputes with MIT (€263 
million) and the scope of the consolidation differed (reflecting ASPI’s acquisition of a 79.4% stake in 
Amplia Infrastructures, now totalling 99.4%); 
 
Operating Cash Flow Margin Like-for-Like is calculated as the ratio Operating Cash Flow Like-for-
Like and operating revenue like-for-like; 
 
Free Cash Flow is calculated as EBITDA less Capital Expenditure; 
 
Capital Expenditure is calculated as the sum investment in assets held under concession, in property, 
plant and equipment and in other intangible assets, as shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
Such financial measures are not a measurement of performance under IFRS and should not be considered by 
prospective investors as an alternative to (a) net profit/(loss) as a measure of the Issuer’s operating performance, 
(b) cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
cash needs or (c) any other measure of performance under IFRS. 
It should be noted that these non-IFRS financial measure are not recognised as a measure of performance under 
IFRS and should not be recognised as an alternative to operating income or net income or any other performance 
measures recognised as being in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles.  
These non-IFRS financial measure are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the 
business and operations but are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer, nor are they meant 
to be predictive of future results.  Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical manner, 
the Issuer’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies.  Therefore, 
undue reliance should not be placed on any such data it should be exercised caution in comparing this data to 
similar measures used by other companies.

--- Page 52 ---
43 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Rounding 
Certain numerical figures included in this Offering Circular, including financial information and data presented 
in millions or in thousands, have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same 
category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be 
an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 53 ---
44 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless indicated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes are expected 
to be applied by the Issuer for the Group’s general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures and 
investments, and may also be used in whole or in part to repay existing indebtedness which may include 
indebtedness provided by some or all of the Dealers.

--- Page 54 ---
45 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Autostrade Italia 
General 
Autostrade Italia was incorporated in Italy on 29 April 2003, as a società per azioni (joint stock company) under 
the laws of Italy for a limited term expiring on 31 December 2050.  Autostrade Italia is registered with the 
Registro delle Imprese (Companies’ Registry) in Rome under number 07516911000. 
Autostrade Italia holds the Autostrade Italia Concession.  Autostrade Italia’s Memorandum and Articles of 
Association provide that the principal corporate purpose of Autostrade Italia is to build, manage and maintain 
motorways, transport infrastructure adjacent to the motorway system, and related activities.  For further 
information on the business activities of Autostrade Italia, see “Business Description of the Group”. 
The activities listed in this article may be carried out both in Italy and abroad, either directly or by the 
acquisition, at any time, of participations in companies, consortia and associations, even temporary ones.  In 
furtherance of its corporate purpose, Autostrade Italia may carry out any other activity, directly or indirectly, as 
well as any other commercial or financial transaction, involving rights and liabilities, movable or immovable 
assets, and issue guarantees, including mortgages, pledges and liens of any nature, for the benefit of companies, 
consortia and associations in which it holds a stake or which holds a stake in it. 
As of 30 June 2022, the authorised and subscribed share capital (capitale sottoscritto) of Autostrade Italia is 
€622,027,000, divided into 622,027,000 fully paid up, registered ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1.00 
each.   
Registered Office 
The registered office of Autostrade Italia is at Via Alberto Bergamini, 50, 00159 Rome, Italy and its main 
telephone number is +39 06 43631. 
Board of Directors 
Autostrade Italia is administered by a Board of Directors (Consiglio di Amministrazione) composed of fourteen 
members since 5 May 2022. The current members of the Board of Directors were elected on 5 May 2022 and 
will hold office until the shareholders’ meeting called for the approval of the financial statements for the year 
ending 31 December 2024. 
The current members of the Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Elisabetta Oliveri .................................................................................................................................................  
Chairwoman 
Roberto Tomasi ...................................................................................................................................................  
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Gianluca Ricci .....................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Massimo Romano ...............................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Francesca Pace ....................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Roberta Battaglia .................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Fabio Massoli ......................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Andrea Valeri ......................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Jonathan Grant Kelly...........................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Sergio Buoncristiano ...........................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Robert Edward William Desmond Watt ..............................................................................................................  
Director 
Fulvio Conti ........................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Christoph Holzer .................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
Hongcheng Li ......................................................................................................................................................  
Director 
For the purposes of their function as members of the Board of Directors of Autostrade Italia, the business address 
of each of the members of the Board of Directors is the registered office of Autostrade Italia, except for Mr. 
Buoncristiano, whose business address is at Piazza Eleonora Duse 4, Milan, Italy, and Mr. Conti, whose business 
address is at Via del Boschetto 114, Rome, Italy.

--- Page 55 ---
46 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The current Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) of Autostrade Italia will hold office until the 
shareholders’ meeting called for the purpose of approving Autostrade Italia’s financial statements for the year 
ending 31 December 2023. 
The current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Autostrade Italia are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Appointment Date 
Business Address 
Angelo Gervaso Colombo 
Chairman 
5 May 2022 
Parabiago, Via Minghetti n. 
36/A 
Franco Cadoppi 
Auditor 
5 May 2022 
San Polo D’Enza, Via Fosse 
Ardeatine n. 7/1 
Marino Marrazza 
Auditor 
5 May 2022 
Milan, Corso Magenta n. 96 
Roberto Colussi 
Auditor 
30 April 2021 
Milan, Via Pontaccio n. 10 
Donato Liguori 
Auditor 
30 April 2021 
Rome, Via Nomentana n. 2 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors for the purposes of their 
function as members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is shown in the above table. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date hereof, the above mentioned members of the board of directors of the Issuer do not have potential 
conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 56 ---
47 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Business of the Group 
The Group is composed primarily of companies which hold concessions for the construction, operation and 
maintenance of toll motorways in Italy and other companies which supply services related to its principal 
motorway activities.  The Group’s business model integrates design, construction, operation and technology to 
ensure timely execution of the capex plans, operational excellence and innovation toward a sustainable and 
smart infrastructure transformation. In particular, the Group implements its business model through the 
following integrated value chain: 
- 
Operations: Autostrade Italia is a leader in the design, construction and operation of a safe, sustainable 
and resilient motorway network, aiming at improving its safety also through a digitalisation process; 
- 
Engineering: Tecne Gruppo Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. (“Tecne”) operates the Group’s engineering 
services, adopting a design-to-sustainability approach to achieve durable and innovative infrastructures 
and supply chains; 
- 
Construction and Services: Amplia Infrastructures S.p.A. (“Amplia Infrastructures”) is the Group’s 
integrated construction and maintenance operator with a focus on execution excellence using low-
impact and recycled materials in construction works, with specific care to the protection of natural 
resources; 
- 
Technology and R&D: Movyon S.p.A. (“Movyon”) is the Group’s subsidiary dedicated to technology 
and reseach and development activities, with a focus on the development and integration of hardware 
and software systems in the field of smart transport systems; 
- 
Energy: Elgea S.p.A. (“Elgea”) is the Group’s company responsible for the production and distribution 
of green energy through the installation of photovoltaic plants on the road network; and 
- 
Travellers’ services: Free To X S.r.l. (“Free to X”) is dedicated to the development of advanced services 
for travellers in order to achieve an enhanced customer experience and a sustainable inter-modal 
transport, including through a network of recharge stations for electric vehicles. 
 
Autostrade Italia is among the biggest investors in the Italian economy, with a construction and modernisation 
programme for the motorway network, which at 2,855 km of motorway is the main Italian motorway operator2. 
In 2021, the Group reported total revenue of €4,803 million and profit for the period of €750 million.  In the 
first six months of 2022, the Group had total revenue of €2,332.5 million compared to €2,076.4 million in the 
same period of 2021 and profit for the period of €596 million compared to a profit of €188 million in the same 
period of 2021. 
Autostrade Italia holds the Group’s primary concession (the “Autostrade Italia Concession”), which is 
governed by the concession agreement entered into on 12 October 2007 (the “Single Concession Contract”), 
as subsequently amended by certain addendums.  The Autostrade Italia Concession and the other four minor 
concessions for motorways in Italy (each, a “Concession” and, collectively, the “Concessions”) held by 
subsidiaries of the Group (together with Autostrade Italia, the “Motorway Companies”) are granted by the 
MIT as Concession Grantor pursuant to Law Decree 98 of 6 July 2011.  For additional information, see 
“Regulatory”.   
Each Concession gives the relevant Motorway Company the right to finance, construct, operate and maintain 
the relevant motorways (collectively, the Group’s networks of motorways in Italy, the “Italian Group 
Network”) during the term of the Concessions.  The Italian Group Network comprises 2,968 kilometres3 of 
motorways in Italy, of which the Autostrade Italia Concession (the “Autostrade Italia Network”) accounts for 
                                                     
2 
Source:  AISCAT:  “Summary of Italian motorway network under concession as of 31 December 2021” (“Quadro 
riassuntivo della rete autostradale in concessione al 31.12.2021”). 
3 
Excluding the Autostrade Meridionali Concession, which was handed over to a new concessionaire on 1 April 2022.

--- Page 57 ---
48 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
2,855 kilometres or 96.1% of the Italian Group Network.  The Italian Group Network is developed through 15 
regions and 60 provinces, with 215 service areas, 2,062 bridges and viaducts, 1,836 overpasses and 621 tunnels. 
 Based on historical data of the Issuer, before the spread of the Covid-19 virus and enactment of containment 
measures, approximately 4 million users and 2.5 million vehicles used the Italian Group Network on a daily 
basis.  The average age of the Autostrade Italia Network is approximately 50 years.  In terms of kilometres, as 
at 31 December 2021, the Italian Group Network accounted for approximately 50% of the entire Italian toll 
motorway system and approximately 43% of all motorways in Italy (serving 15 regions and 60 provinces), and, 
during the year ended 31 December 2021, carried approximately 57% of the total traffic volume on the Italian 
toll motorway system.4 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, revenues from tolls paid in Italy by the users of the Italian Group 
Network were €3,474 million (including €357 million in Additional Concession Fee – i.e. a fee payable to 
ANAS, determined on the basis of kilometres travelled on the relevant motorways, recovered by concessionaires 
through a corresponding tariff increase; for additional information see “Regulatory – Concessions of the 
Group’s Motorway Companies – The Autostrade Italia Concession – Pass Through Mechanism (Additional 
Concession Fee)”), or approximately 72.3% of the consolidated revenue of the Group.   
The Italian Group Network also includes 215 service areas, where petrol stations, shops and restaurants are 
located.  These service areas are operated by third parties pursuant to subcontracts granted to them by the Group.  
After toll revenue, royalties paid to the Group by such third-party subcontractors, together with sales or leasing 
of automated toll collection technologies (and related services), fees from motorway-related services and 
contract works to third parties, account for substantially all of the remaining revenue of the Group.  See “— 
Service Areas”. 
In the context of the acceleration of Autostrade Italia Network’s maintenance programmes and further impetus 
for investment in major works and modernisation of such network, Autostrade Italia plans to invest a further 
€15.4 billion throughout the period 2020-2038, provided that it has already invested approximately €14.4 billion 
as of December 2021 (€14.8 billion as of June 2022).  This capital expenditures plan consisting of €14.1 billion 
of new investments included in the current EFP and represents a transformational plan in terms of operating 
excellence, quality standard and engineering best practices.  A further €1.3 billion may be invested, in 
accordance with the content of the EFP and if requested by the Concession Grantor, in additional modernisation 
projects (including barriers and other minor investments) of interest to the Concession Grantor, which 
Autostrade Italia would include among its investment commitments from 2025.  In particular, the main 
components of such programmes, inter alia, are:  (i) the Genoa By-Pass  (Gronda di Genova), such project 
totalling 29% of the capital expenditure plan for the period 2020-2038; (ii) widening, upgrade and modernisation 
of the network, accounting for 19% of the capital expenditure plan for the period 2020-2038; (iii) the Bologna 
By-pass, accounting for 5% of the capital expenditure plan for the period 2020-2038; (iv) widening of the lane, 
accounting for 16% of the capital expenditure plan for the period 2020-2038; and (iv) other investments on the 
toll motorway infrastructure, accounting for 31% of the capital expenditure plan for the period 2020-2038. 
Moreover, Autostrade Italia’s maintenance plan consists of more than €7 billion of expenditures (including 
additional costs for the demolition, reconstruction and other additional costs related to the Polcevera bridge of 
€583 million, of which €547 million already executed as of 30 June 2022, and the remaining part to be mainly 
executed by the end of 2022) for the period 2019-2038, aimed at increasing the quality of standards of the 
Autostrade Italia Network and adopting a more rigorous approach for the surveillance of its network. 
Autostrade Italia has increased its expenditure in maintenance, safety and traffic plans on the Italian Group 
Network during the period 2019-2021, investing €397 million5, €518 million and €462 million6, respectively.  
Maintenance costs are expected to reach approximately €500 million per annum in the period 2020-2024. 
                                                     
4 
As of 1 April 2022, Autostrade Meridionali S.p.A. handed over to a new concessionire the operation of the 
Concession relating to the 52km Naples-Pompei-Salerno highway, which expired in 2012. 
5 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, maintenance expenditure does not include €226 million in costs relating to 
reconstruction of the Polcevera bridge. 
6 
For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, maintenance expenditure does not include costs relating to the 
extraordinary maintenance plan, which is presented in capital expenditure from 2021, equal to €349 million and 
€443 million, respectively.

--- Page 58 ---
49 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
In addition, the Group carries out certain additional services linked to its core activities, such as the design, 
construction and maintenance of infrastructures (mainly through Tecne and Amplia Infrastructures), the 
provision of digital mobility and sustainable mobility services (mainly through Movyon and Free To X), the 
production of renewable energy (mainly through Elgea) and other ancillary services.  For additional information, 
see “ – Other Business Activities”. 
In the first half of 2022, the Group had an average workforce of 8,498 employees, compared to 8,654 employees 
for the first half of 2021.   
Introduction 
History 
Autostrade S.p.A. (“Autostrade”) was incorporated as a società per azioni (joint stock company) under the 
laws of Italy in September 1950 by IRI (Institute for Industrial Reconstruction (Istituto per la Ricostruzione 
Industriale)) in order to participate in Italy’s post-war reconstruction with other large industrial groups.  
In April 1956, Autostrade was granted its original concession.  The concession gave Autostrade the right to 
construct, operate and maintain the A1 (Autostrada del Sole) between Milan and Naples, which opened in 1964.  
Subsequent renewals of, and concession deeds auxiliary to, the original concession were granted in 1962 and 
1968, which increased the length of the network and the adjacent service areas under the control of Autostrade. 
A new concession agreement was signed in 1997; this agreement established the extension of the concession 
from 2018 to 2038 and the commitment to build the Variante di Valico (doubling of the motorway section 
between Bologna and Florence). 
In 1999, Autostrade was privatised and the IRI Group was replaced as major shareholder by a stable core of 
private shareholders. 
Autostrade’s activities were reorganised in 2003 in order to separate motorway concession operations from 
unrelated activities and Autostrade Italia, then a wholly owned subsidiary of Autostrade (now Atlantia S.p.A. 
(“Atlantia”)), was established. 
On 12 June 2021, a consortium comprising CDP Equity S.p.A. (a subsidiary of CDP), The Blackstone Group 
International Partners LLP and Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 6 SCSP (the “Consortium”) entered 
into a share purchase agreement for the acquisition of the entire shareholding held in Autostrade Italia by 
Atlantia (the “Acquisition”).  On 5 May 2022 Atlantia and the Consortium completed the Acquisition. For 
information on the current shareholding structure of ASPI, see “Shareholders”. 
During 2020 and 2021, Autostrade Italia has established and acquired new subsidiaries focusing on acitivities 
linked to the core business of the Group:  engineering and design will be the main focus of Tecne Gruppo 
Autostrade per l’Italia, which will carry out a central role in the Group’s investment and maintenance plan.  To 
increase synergies on this front, Autostrade Italia has acquired control of Amplia Infrastructures S.p.A. from 
Atlantia, whose mission will be increasingly focused on the construction of complex infrastructures using 
sustainable materials and techniques.  Particular attention has been paid to the world of sustainability and the 
digital revolution, starting with Movyon, the Group’s technology-focused subsidiary.  Digital mobility services 
is the core business of Movyon, which offers solutions and technologies to the main players in the sector of the 
infrastructures or to public administrations faced with the challenge of managing new sustainable mobility 
needs.  Finally, Free To X will enable the Group to change the car travel experience, offering Autostrade Italia’s 
customers value-added services such as electric car charging and up-to-date travel forecasts with dynamic time-
based pricing in case of construction sites. The latest addition is Elgea, established with the goal of producing 
renewable energy. Elgea’s plan is to install photovoltaic panels along the motorway network, meeting ASPI’s 
full energy needs once the rollout is complete.

--- Page 59 ---
50 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The following chart sets forth the ownership structure of the principal companies within the Group as at 
30 June 2022. 
 
______________ 
Notes: the chart shows interests in the principal Group companies as at 30 June 2022. The percentage shown refers to the Group’s entire 
interest. 
(1) 
The percentage shown refers to the interest in term of the total number of shares in issue, whilst the interest in ordinary voting 
shares is 58.00%. 
(2) 
The incoming operator formally took over the concession on 1 April 2022. 
(3) 
Amplia Infrastructures is Pavimental SpA’s new brand name. 
(4) 
Infomobility holds a 0.01% interest in the issued capital. 
Strategy 
The strategic transformation plan launched by Autostrade Italia at the beginning of 2020 (the “Transformation 
Plan”) sets out the guidelines on which the Issuer intends to base its business model, services and core values, 
reshaping the way the Issuer operates in order to shift towards an integrated, sustainable and technologically 
advanced mobility model. Autostrade Italia focuses on infrastructure safety and resilience, dialogue with 
customers and all key stakeholders, sustainable and inclusive growth, and the development of staff and talents. 
From an operational viewpoint, the Transformation Plan is made up of projects and initiatives falling within the 
scope of seven key pillars: 
 
promotion of core values:  competence, integrity, transparency, responsibility; 
 
360° safety culture:  implementing safety measures on roads, at construction sites and at places of 
work; 
 
operational excellence:  ensuring the highest quality standards throughout the value chain, from 
planning to the execution of work on the network; 
 
digitalisation:  developing information systems that will enable the Group to constantly keep pace with 
the highest technological standards in order to optimise operations, support improvements to internal 
processes and measure their performance securely, continuously and in a structured way; 
 
putting customers first:  adopting a series of initiatives designed to improve customers experience 
before and during their trip and when stopping at service areas; 
 
sustainable mobility for the future:  aiming at creating a “green infrastructure”, through the 
development of smart roads, efforts to reduce the environmental impact and ongoing materials 
innovation and research; 
 
development of people:  investing in talent and developing human capital represent key drivers for the 
Transformation Plan.

--- Page 60 ---
51 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Approximately 50 initiatives have been completed as at 30 June 2022, with an average completion rate of more 
than 70%.  In particular, the following developments occurred in 2022: 
 
in relation to the 360° safety culture, testing of the SCADRA (Supervisory Control Acquisition 
Dynamic Risk Analysis) system was completed. This system enables dynamic quantitative and 
probability analysis to assess tunnel safety in real time. Trials of a system for monitoring mobile 
communications in tunnels with surface areas in excess of 500 square metres were also completed. This 
system allows issues linked to telecommunications equipment to be evaluated; 
 
in relation to digitalisation, network security was enhanced with the addition of new web protection 
functions and implementation of a new cloud-based consolidated reporting system; 
 
in relation to the customer first approach, trials were run of a virtual customer support system for toll 
stations, designed to help customers resolve travel issues; 
 
in relation to the development of people, efficiencies have enabled the Issuer to dematerialise 
administrative documents and digitalise the recruitment process. 
The 360° Next programme is designed to communicate and disseminate information on initiatives based around 
the seven key pillars. With specific regard to the “Next to Legality” initiative, Autostrade Italia has been 
confirmed as a member of the B20 Indonesia Task Force on Integrity & Compliance and agreed to join the 
Business Integrity Forum (BIF) run by Transparency International Italia. In addition, the Issuer obtained ISO 
certification on integrated management system in line with six international standards: Quality, Road Traffic 
Safety, Environmental Protection, Occupational Health and Safety, Diversity & Inclusion and Anti-bribery. In 
keeping with the certification obtained, the Issuer has adopted a policy addressed to the Group governing an 
Integrated Management System and has run specific training sessions. For additional information on the 
sustainability profile of the Transformation Plan, see “– Sustainability” below. 
 
Business of the Group 
The following tables provide a breakdown of Group revenue by area of activity for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 2021 and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 2022. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
 
Audited (€ 
in millions) 
% of Group 
Revenue 
Audited (€ 
in millions) 
% of Group 
Revenue 
Motorway Activities(1) .......................................  
2,791.3 
87.3 
3,473.6 
72.3 
Construction Services(2) .....................................  
168.7 
5.3 
930.6 
19.4 
Service Areas(3) ..................................................  
84.5 
2.6 
106.3 
2.2 
Other Business Activities(4) ................................  
151.8 
4.8 
292.5 
6.1 
Total ..................................................................
3,196.4 
100.0 
4,803.0 
100.0 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2021 (restated) 
2022 
 
Unaudited (€ 
in millions) 
% of Group 
Revenue 
Unaudited (€ 
in millions) 
% of Group 
Revenue 
Motorway Activities(1) .......................................  
1,462.6 
70.4 
1,744.3 
74.8 
Construction Services(2) .....................................  
418.0 
20.1 
394.5 
16.9 
Service Areas(3) ..................................................  
64.4 
3.1 
67.9 
2.9 
Other Business Activities(4) ................................  
131.5 
6.3 
125.9 
5.4 
Total ..................................................................
2,076.5 
100.0 
2,332.5 
100.0 
______________ 
(1) Revenues from motorway activities are composed of toll revenue. The Additional Concession Fee for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 recognised as Group revenue was equal to €298.2 million and €357 million,

--- Page 61 ---
52 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
respectively.  The Additional Concession Fee for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022 recognised as Group revenue 
was equal to €153.5 million and €177.6 million, respectively. 
(2) Revenues from construction services are composed of revenues arising form the activities involved in the design, construction and 
maintenance of infrastructure. 
(3) Revenues from service areas are composed of service area royalties from subcontracts for Oil and Non-Oil services. 
(4) Revenues from other business activities are composed of contract revenue, other sales and service revenues (relating to the sale of 
technology devices and services, advertising, reimbursements, lease rentals and damages received) and other non-recurring income. 
The following table provides a breakdown of the Group’s EBITDA, EBITDA Like-for-Like, EBITDA Margin, 
EBITDA Margin Like-for-Like, Operating Cash Flow, Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like, Operating Cash 
Flow Margin Like-for-Like and Free Cash Flow for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(in € mn, except for margins which are expressed in %) 
EBITDA ...............................................................................................  
710 
629 
2,125 
EBITDA Like-for-Like(1)  ....................................................................  
2,229 
947 
2,099 
EBITDA Margin ..................................................................................  
17.4% 
20.7% 
54.9% 
EBITDA Margin Like-for-Like............................................................  
54.8% 
30.8% 
55.9% 
Operating Cash Flow............................................................................  
1,436 
517 
986 
Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like(1)  .................................................  
1,703 
728 
1,286 
Operating Cash Flow Margin ...............................................................  
35.2% 
17.1% 
25.5% 
Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like Margin ........................................  
41.9% 
23.7% 
34.3% 
Free Cash Flow ....................................................................................  
1,651 
243 
981 
_____________ 
(1) The charts below show the reconciliation of (i) EBITDA to Operating profit; (ii) EBITDA Like-for-Like to EBITDA; (iii) Operating 
Cash Flow to Net profit; and (iv) Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like to Operating Cash Flow: 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(in € million) 
Operating profit ....................................................................................  
66 
-33 
1,563 
Amortisation and depreciation  ............................................................  
634 
654 
560 
(Impairment losses)/Reversals of impairment losses............................  
6 
3 
4 
(Provisions)/Uses 
of 
provisions 
for 
renewal 
of 
motorway 
infrastructure ....................................................................................  
13 
15 
-2 
Capitalised financial expense on concession rights  .............................  
-9 
-10 
- 
Capitalised financial income / expense ................................................  
- 
- 
- 
EBITDA ...............................................................................................  
710 
629 
2,125 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(in € million) 
EBITDA ...............................................................................................  
710 
629 
2,125 
Impact connected with the collapse of the Polcevera Bridge (a)  ..........  
-1 
60 
44 
Impact of settlement with the MIT(b)  ...................................................  
1,500 
190 
-39 
Changes in scope of consolidation(c)  ...................................................  
- 
2 
-26 
Differences in discount rates applied to provisions(d)  ..........................  
20 
66 
-7 
Consent solicitation(e)  ..........................................................................  
 
 
2 
EBITDA Like-for-Like ........................................................................  
2,229 
947 
2,099

--- Page 62 ---
53 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(in € million) 
Net profit (loss) for the year 
-268 
-409 
750 
Amortisation and depreciations 
634 
654 
560 
Operating change in provisions, excluding uses of provisions for 
renewal of motorway infrastructure 
1,442 
395 
-496 
Financial expenses/(income) from discounting of provisions for 
construction services required by contract and other provision 
32 
18 
4 
Depreciation / (revaluation) of the financial activities and of financial 
assets designated at fair value or at cost  
- 
- 
0 
Share of (profit) / loss of investees accounted for using the equity 
method 
3 
8 
3 
Impairment losses / (Reversal of impairment losses) and adjustments 
of current and non-current assets 
7 
3 
6 
(Gains) / Losses on sale of a non-current assets 
- 
- 
-1 
Net change in deferred tax (assets)/liabilities through profit or loss 
-437 
-132 
268 
Other non-cash costs (income) 
23 
-20 
-108 
Other non-cash changes in non-financial assets and liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
Operating Cash Flow 
1,436 
517 
986 
Change in working capital and other changes 
-61 
-164 
419 
Net cash generated from/ (used in) operating activities  
1,375 
353 
1,405 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(in € million) 
Operating Cash Flow............................................................................  
1,436 
517 
986 
Impact connected with the collapse of the Polcevera Bridge (a) ...........  
234 
209 
51 
Impact of settlement with the MIT(b)  ...................................................  
- 
- 
263 
Change in scope of consolidation(c) ......................................................  
- 
2 
-24 
Change in discount rate applied to provisions(d) ...................................  
1 
- 
- 
3.5% IRES surtax on motorway operators(f) .........................................  
32 
- 
- 
Consent solicitation(e)  ..........................................................................  
- 
- 
-1 
Tax benefit from asset revaluation of Tangenziale di Napoli and 
Autostrade Tech for ITA GAAP purposes(g)  ...................................  
- 
- 
11 
Operating Cash Flow Like-for-Like .....................................................  
1,703 
728 
1,286 
______________ 
(a) The item represents the after-tax impact on the income statement and on operating cash flow of (i) reductions in toll revenue 
(applicable only to 2019 and 2020), (ii) payments made at the request of the Special Commissioner for Genoa in relation to 
reconstruction of the Polcevera road bridge, and (iii) the compensation paid to victims’ families and the injured, to cover legal 
expenses and to fund the financial support provided to small businesses and firms. 
(b) The item represents, with respect to 2021 data only, the after-tax impact on the income statement and operating cash flow of the 
toll exemptions and discounts introduced in response to the disruption linked to roadworks in the Genoa area and the discounting 
to present value of provisions made in previous years to fund the commitments provided for in the Settlement Agreement and, with 
respect to 2020 and 2019 data only, the impact on the income statement of the additional costs to be incurred in relation to the then 
ongoing talks with the Italian Government and the MIT aimed at resolving the dispute between the parties, compared with the 
provisions already made as at the previous reference date. 
(c) The item represents (i) the contribution of Tecne Gruppo Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. from 2020 and (ii) the contribution of  
Amplia Infrastructures, Pavimental Polska, Free to X and Infomobility from 2021. 
(d) The item represents the after-tax impact of the difference in the discount rates applied to the provisions accounted for among the 
Group’s liabilities. 
(e) The item represents the impact on the income statement and operating cash flow of the consent solicitation launched by the Issuer 
in the fourth quarter of 2021. For additional information, see “Recent Developments”. 
(f) The item represents the overall impact linked to the increase in the then current tax expense and reassessment of the deferred tax 
assets and liabilities of operators resulting from the IRES surtax introduced with effect from 2019. 
(g) The item represents the impact on the income statement and operating cash flow of the tax benefit resulting from recognition of the 
tax effects of the revaluation of assets in the statutory financial statements of the subsidiaries, Tangenziale di Napoli and Movyon.

--- Page 63 ---
54 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The following chart provides the Autostrade Italia maturity schedule in respect of its indebtedness represented 
by bank loans and bond issuances as of 30 June 2022. 
 
_____________ 
(1) After cross-currency hedging for JPY denominated bonds. 
Motorway Activities 
The Group derives the predominant part of its revenue from its motorway activities, primarily through collection 
of tolls in Italy.  Toll revenue is a function of traffic volumes and tariffs charged.  Revenue attributable to the 
Group’s toll revenue accounted for 72.3% of the Group’s revenue in the year ended 31 December 2021.  For 
the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Group generated total toll revenues of €1,744 million (amounting to 
74.8% of total Group revenue) compared to €1,463 million in the same period of 2021, representing 70.4% of 
total Group revenue.  The increase in revenues in the first half of 2022 is due to a 23.1% increase in traffic as 
compared to the first half of 2021, as such period was negatively impacted by lockdowns to address the Covid-
19 pandemic. 
Italian Motorway Activities 
Road transportation plays a leading role in meeting the demand for transportation in Italy.  Based on information 
available from the Italian Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport7, in 2021 transportation by road comprised 
55% of the total traffic of goods and 93% of total passenger traffic in Italy.  As at 31 December 2021, Italian 
toll and non-toll motorways, including tunnels, bridges and viaducts (the “Italian Motorway Network”), 
consisted of 7,016 kilometres of motorways, 6,051 kilometres of which were toll motorways operated by 
motorway concessionaires.  The Group currently manages a total of 2,970 kilometres of the Italian Motorway 
Network, of which 2,855 kilometres are managed by Autostrade Italia (representing 96.1% of the Italian Group 
Network) and approximately 115 kilometres are managed by the other Motorway Companies of the Italian 
Group Network.  The remaining 4,046 kilometres of the Italian Motorway Network are managed partly by other 
motorway concessionaires (3,106.7 kilometres) and partly by ANAS (939.3 kilometres of non-toll motorways) 
directly. 
For a discussion on the competition between the Group and third-party toll roads and State-run motorways, as 
well as alternative modes of transportation, see “— Competition”. 
Autostrade Italia is the main concessionaire of the Group in Italy and exactly operates 2,854.6 km of toll roads.  
Its concession will expire in 2038.  Autostrade Italia in turn controls the following Italian concessionaries: 
 
Società Italiana per Azioni per il Traforo del Monte Bianco which operates 5.8 km of the Italian 
stretch of the tunnel.  The Concession will expire in 2050. 
 
Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta, which holds a Concession of 32.3 km for the operation of the 
highway connecting Aosta to Mont Blanc.  The Concession will expire in 2032. 
 
Tangenziale di Napoli, which operates the ring road serving the metropolitan area of Naples, a 
concession of 20.2 km.  The Concession will expire in 2037. 
                                                     
7 
Source:  Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport:  “Conto Nazionale delle Infrastrutture e dei Trasporti 2019 – 
2020”.

--- Page 64 ---
55 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
Autostrada Tirrenica S.p.A. (SAT), which holds the Concession for the A12 Livorno–Civitavecchia 
motorway.  The Concession will expire in 2028.  For additional information on the status of the 
Concession, see “Business Description of the Group – Litigation Autostrada Tirrenica – judgment of 
the Court of Justice of 18 September 2019 and art. 35 of the Milleproroghe Decree”. 
For additional information on the Concessions, see “Regulatory”. 
Service Areas 
As at 30 June 2022, there are 215 service areas along the Italian Group Network, 204 of which are located on 
the network managed by Autostrade Italia, on average, at intervals of 28 kilometres along the Italian Group 
Network  All service areas include full-service petrol stations (“Oil” services), and most include self-service 
mini-markets and offerings of food and beverages (“Non-Oil” services).  Some service areas include additional 
accessory services, such as pet parks, play parks, repair garages, shops and information services (Hi-point, wi-
fi).  As of 30 September 2022, Free To X has installed 60 High Power Chargers (HPCs) in 30 service areas 
along the Italian Motorway Network as part of the plan to rollout HPCs in 100 service areas by the summer of 
2023. 
The Group does not directly manage any of the service areas, but instead grants subcontracts (each a 
“Subcontract” and together the “Subcontracts”) to third parties (the “Subcontractors”) for the management 
of various services in the service areas, with durations of 5-18 years, not automatically renewable.  The Italian 
Motorway Companies are required to pay an annual fee derived from any subconcessions or subcontracts to the 
Concession Grantor.  The royalties due under the Subcontracts are composed of a fixed rate and a variable rate, 
which is calculated based on the Subcontractor’s revenue (based on determined components for Non-Oil 
services and litres of petrol supplied for Oil services). 
Generally, the Subcontracts grant to each Subcontractor the right to perform one or more services in one or 
more service areas.  Pursuant to the Subcontracts, the Subcontractor is typically required to build the structures 
necessary to provide the service and, subsequently, to manage and maintain those services either directly or 
through management contracts with third parties. 
Autostrade Italia monitors the quality of service provided by Subcontractors through regular inspections by an 
external specialised company.  In addition, the Concession Grantor and Italian consumer associations 
periodically verify services offered.   
Upon the expiry of a Subcontract, the land on which the service area is located and the buildings and 
infrastructure built by the Subcontractor must, in instances where the Group owns the land, be returned to the 
Group in a good state and condition with no compensation to the Subcontractor.  In relation to service areas 
built on land owned by Subcontractors, upon the expiry of the Subcontract, the right of access to the motorway 
shall be subject to renegotiation.  Under a Subcontract, the Subcontractor typically undertakes to pay to the 
relevant Motorway Subsidiary a percentage of the revenues, in the form of a royalty, generated from sales for 
both restaurants/shops and petrol services, based upon a relevant fixed component.  The Group monitors the 
quality of the services offered by the Subcontractors at the service areas through periodic inspections of such 
areas. 
Upon the expiry of a Subcontract, a new Subcontract may be granted only upon competitive bidding procedures 
in accordance with the Single Concession Contract.

--- Page 65 ---
56 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The table below sets forth the total consolidated income from service areas at the Group derived from royalty 
payments from the Subcontractors, divided into major product and service lines, for the two years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 (*) 
2021 
 
Unaudited (€ in millions) 
Group royalties in Italy, of which 
 
 
Petrol sales and car services ..................................................................... 
41.3 
43.9 
Food and beverages and sales of goods .................................................... 
41.0 
60.5 
Total Autostrade Italia royalties...........................................................
82.3 
104.4 
Other Italian Motorway Companies royalties .......................................... 
2.2 
1.6 
Total Group Royalties in Italy ..............................................................
84.5 
106.0 
 
(*) In 2020, Autostrade Italia implemented a series of support measures for oil and food service providers to mitigate the effects of the 
pandemic on their business and to guarantee the quality of the services provided to motorway customers, given the obligation imposed 
by the Government on sub-operators to remain open, despite an almost total absence of customers during the lockdowns. Such measures 
included cancellation of all fees for the months from March to May 2020, and the application of variable royalties, as an exception to 
the mechanisms applied under the existing agreements, with different fee scales depending on sales volumes. 
 
Other Business Activities 
In recent years, the Group has developed businesses that are related to its core toll motorway business.  In 
particular, the Group currently provides the following services to Group companies as well as third parties: 
(a) 
engineering and construction, which includes the activities involved in the design, construction and 
maintenance of infrastructures; 
 (b) 
technology and innovation, which includes the activities linked to (i) the creation of new free flow 
tolling platforms, (ii) the installation of digital infrastructures for smart roads and service areas, (iii) the 
development of an innovative system for the monitoring of infrastructures, (iv) the services related to 
sustainable mobility and (v) production and sale of energy from renewable sources; 
(c) 
other services: they mainly include the service activities of Essediesse, Ad Moving, and Giove Clear 
towards the other companies of the Group. 
Engineering and Construction 
Tecne  
Tecne is a wholly owned subsidiary of Autostrade Italia established in 2020.  Its main purpose is to carry out 
the central coordination role in the network modernisation and digital infrastructure investments in the Italian 
Group Network.  In particular, Tecne is entrusted with engineering services, such as the design, project 
management and control of the works financed by the Issuer’s capital expenditure and maintenance plan, in 
conjunction with Movyon S.p.A., which will provide advanced technological solutions in order to digitise 
engineering processes, and with the local area offices. 
Amplia Infrastructures  
Amplia Infrastructures (formerly Pavimental S.p.A.) is a company 99.4% owned by Autostrade Italia.  Amplia 
Infrastructures became a subsidiary of Autostrade Italia in January 2021, following a reorganisation pursuant to 
which Autostrade Italia increased its shareholding from 20% to 99.4%. 
Amplia Infrastructures is an integrated construction and maintenance operator which focuses on the application 
of sustainable technologies and construction practices, adopting the “circular economy” best practices.  Amplia 
Infrastructures has a central role in the realisation of major works and in the maintenance and modernisation of 
the Italian motorway network.

--- Page 66 ---
57 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Pavimental Polska Sp.Zo.O 
Pavimental Polska Sp.Zo.O was acquired by Autostrade Italia in January 2021, together with Amplia 
Infrastructures . 
Innovation and Technology 
Free To X  
Free To X is a wholly owned subsidiary of Autostrade Italia established in January 2021.  Free To X is a 
company dedicated to the development of advanced services for travellers, such as dynamic tariff management 
in the event of delays due to construction sites and sustainable mobility. 
The company’s has started its operations in order to create the most extensive network of high-voltage charging 
stations for electric vehicles on the Italian motorway network.  Free To X plans to install between four and six 
multi-client recharging stations in each of the main 67 service areas located on the Autostrade Italia Network 
by 2023; such recharging stations will allow fast recharging of electric vehicles, allowing long-distance journeys 
with electric vehicles in the same time as a traditional internal combustion engine vehicles.  The installation of 
the recharging stations started in early 2021 and in May 2021 the first two recharging stations for electric 
vehicles became operational on the motorway A1 in the service areas of Secchia Ovest and Flaminia Est. As of 
30 September 2022, Free To X has installed 60 High Power Chargers (HPCs) in 30 service areas along the 
Italian Motorway Network as part of the plan to rollout HPCs in 100 service areas by the summer of 2023.  Free 
To X will manage the installation of the network of recharging stations, as well as all customer-traveller 
management systems. 
Free to X launched its cashback scheme through the Free to X customer care app on 15 September 2021, in 
order to refund tolls paid by road users affected by delays and roadworks linked to the modernisation of ASPI’s 
motorway infrastructure. As of 31 December 2021, the app has been downloaded over 140,000 times. 
Movyon  
Movyon is wholly owned by Autostrade Italia.  Movyon develops, supplies and operates integrated road tolling, 
charging, control and monitoring systems for urban areas, car parks and interports in Italy and around the world.  
The company’s technology enables the user to determine the itinerary of vehicles and calculate the applicable 
toll, and monitor road conditions on high traffic networks.  In 2020, Autostrade Italia has launched an ambitious 
growth and development plan for Movyon with the aim of strengthening its role as the Group’s centre for 
research and development as well as exploit opportunities to expand its business.  Expansion will initially focus 
on sectors closely related to Movyon’s core business (tolling systems, onboard units, infrastructure monitoring, 
value added traffic management systems and services), before gradually diversifying into less familiar markets 
(such as smart and green cities, connected cars, logistics).  This process will include the development of major 
partnerships involving start-ups and other innovation incubators. 
The change of Movyon S.p.A.’s company name from Autostrade Tech S.p.A.’s occurred on 14 February 2022. 
At the end of March 2021, Movyon acquired 90% of the share capital of Infomobility S.r.l., a company 90% 
controlled by Movyon, specialises in infomobility, hardware and software related to the automotive world. 
In May 2022, MovyonMex S.A. was established as a newly incorporated subsidiary of Movyon in Mexico, 
which is 99.99% controlled by Movyon and 0.01% controlled by Infomobility S.r.l. 
In May 2022, Movyon SAA was established as a newly incorporated subsidiary of Movyon in Greece, which is 
entirely controlled by Movyon. 
Elgea 
Elgea is a wholly owned subsidiary of Autostrade Italia established on 24 January 2022.  Elgea is a company 
dedicated to the production of renewable energy for the Group, giving shape to an industrial vision based on 
sustainability- Elgea will be responsible for the installation of photovoltaic panels along the motorway network. 
The establishment of Elgea is in line with the strategy to combat climate change, in our objective of reaching 
carbon neutral emissions by 2050.

--- Page 67 ---
58 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Other Services 
Giove Clear S.r.l. 
Giove Clear S.r.l. (“Giove”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Autostrade Italia established in 2007 to provide 
cleaning services to the service areas of the Italian Group Network.  
EsseDiEsse Società di Servizi S.p.A. 
EsseDiEsse Società di Servizi S.p.A. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Autostrade Italia established in 2003 to 
offer the following services:  (i) administrative-accounting; (ii) tax; (iii) debt collection and customer assistance; 
(iv) personnel administration and employee services; and (v) real estate and general services. 
AD Moving S.p.A. 
AD Movings S.p.A. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Autostrade Italia established in 2005 to sell advertising 
spaces and services and manage events at service areas.

--- Page 68 ---
59 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The Italian Group Network 
 
 
The Italian Group Network is the largest concessionaire network in Italy in terms of length, constituting 43% 
of the Italian motorway system and 49% of the Italian toll motorway system as at 31 December 2021. 
Traffic on the Italian Group Network in 2021 increased by 23.0% compared with the previous year.  The number 
of kilometres travelled by vehicles with “2 axles” is up by 25.5%, whilst the figure for those with “3 or more 
axles” is up by 11.0%.  In 2021 traffic figures recovered as a result of the lifting of restrictions on movement 
linked to the spread of Covid-19 in Italy, but it remained below pre-pandemic level (-10.3% as compared to 
2019 traffic data figures).  For additional information, see “— Traffic” and “— Recent Developments” and “Risk 
Factors — Risks Relating to the Business of the Group — The Covid-19 virus health emergency has had, and 
may continue to have in the future, a significant impact on the Group’s toll revenues and other operating income 
and on the Issuer’s ability to generate sufficient cash from the collection of tolls.” 
The two principal motorways of the Italian Group Network are the A1 Milan-Naples motorway and the A14 
Bologna-Taranto motorway, which constitute approximately 53% of the total length of the Italian Group 
Network.  These motorways are main arteries of the Italian motorway system, connecting northern and southern

--- Page 69 ---
60 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Italy.  The other motorways that form the Italian Group Network permit access to the interior of Italy as well as 
to certain international connections. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Italian Group Network comprises 20 toll motorway segments, the majority of which 
run across highly developed areas within Italy characterised by strong industrial presence with a network of 
infrastructure which favours economic development, and where the Group believes the highest portion of Italy’s 
gross domestic product is generated. 
The Italian Group Network’s junctions with other motorways and roadways are located in areas designed to 
provide adequate access to the Italian Group Network, as well as to ordinary non-toll roads and other 
transportation networks.   
The Italian Group Network is also directly linked to the Italian motorways operated and managed by non-Group 
motorway concessionaires.  See “Business Description of the Group — Motorways Activities — Italian 
Motorway Activities”.  This network also comprises three international toll tunnels (Mont Blanc, S.  Bernard 
and Frejus) for a total length of 25.4 kilometres.  The Italian Group Network controls four of the eight 
motorways that are connected to other European motorways through the Alps, including the Mont Blanc Tunnel. 
The table below sets forth a list of the toll motorways included in the Italian Group Network, the length of each 
of these motorways in operation and the portion of each of these motorways having three or more lanes, as at 
31 December 2021. 
Concessionaire 
Motorway 
In Operation 
Portion 
Having 
At Least Three 
Lanes 
 
 
(in kilometres) 
Autostrade Italia 
A1 Milan-Naples (Autostrada del Sole)(1) ..................... 
803.5 
564.8 
 
A4 Milan-Brescia .......................................................... 
93.5 
93.5 
 
A7 Genoa-Serravalle ..................................................... 
50.0 
— 
 
A8/9 Milan-lakes ........................................................... 
77.7 
52.2 
 
A8/A26 link road ........................................................... 
24.0 
11.0 
 
A10 Genoa-Savona ........................................................ 
45.5 
16.4 
 
A11 Florence-Pisa North ............................................... 
81.7 
— 
 
A12 Genoa-Sestri Levante............................................. 
48.7 
— 
 
A12 Rome-Civitavecchia .............................................. 
65.4 
— 
 
A13 Bologna-Padua(2) ................................................... 
127.3 
— 
 
A14 Bologna-Taranto(3) ................................................. 
781.4 
277.8 
 
A16 Naples-Canosa ....................................................... 
172.3 
— 
 
A23 Udine-Tarvisio ....................................................... 
101.2 
6.0 
 
A26 Genoa-Gravellona Toce(4) ...................................... 
244.9 
129.0 
 
A27 Mestre-Belluno ...................................................... 
82.2 
41.2 
 
A30 Caserta-Salerno ...................................................... 
55.3 
55.3 
 
Total Autostrade Italia Network................................
2,854.6 
1,264.7 
Mont Blanc Tunnel 
T1 Mont Blanc Tunnel .................................................. 
5.8 
— 
Raccordo 
Autostradale 
Valle d’Aosta 
A5 Aosta-Mont Blanc.................................................... 
32.3 
— 
Tangenziale di Napoli 
Naples ring-road ............................................................ 
20.2 
20.2 
Società 
Autostrada 
Tirrenica(5) 
A12 Livorno-Civitavecchia ........................................... 
54.8 
— 
 
Total..............................................................................
112.5 
20.2 
 
Total Italian Group Network(6)...................................
2,967.1 
1,284.9 
______________ 
(1) Including connections to the Rome North and the Rome South exits. 
(2) Including the connection to Ferrara and the branch to Padua South. 
(3) Including the branch to Ravenna, the Casalecchio stretch and the Bari branch road. 
(4) Including connections between Bettolle and Predosa and between Stroppiana and Santhia. 
(5) Italian Law Decree no. 162 of 2019 converted into Italian law No. 8/2020 introduced a provision shortening the SAT concession 
period from 2046 to 2028 and which, by repealing certain provisions of Italian law no. 531 of 1982, limited the concession granted 
to SAT to the management of the sections of the A12 Livorno-Grosseto-Civitavecchia motorway open to the traffic as at the date 
of entry into force of the law of conversion itself; to this purpose the law provides for the revision of the concession agreement with 
the MIT which is currently pending.  See “Business Description of the Group – Litigation Autostrada Tirrenica – judgment of the 
Court of Justice of 18 September 2019 and art. 35 of the Milleproroghe Decree” and “Regulatory - Concessions of the Group’s 
Motorway Companies”.

--- Page 70 ---
61 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(6) As of 31 December 2021, the Group operated the Concession relating to the A3 Naples-Pompei-Salerno highway (61.6 km long) 
through Autostrade Meridionali. With effect form 1 April 2022, such Concession, which expired in 2012, was handed over to a new 
concessionaire. 
Traffic 
Traffic during 2021 and the first half of 2022 continued to be impacted by the effects deriving from the spread 
of Covid-19 in Italy, which started in February 2020, although to a lesser extent as compared to 2020 and the 
first half of 2021.  See Risk Factors — Risks Relating to the Business of the Group — The Covid-19 virus health 
emergency has had, and may continue to have in the future, a significant impact on the Group’s toll revenues 
and other operating income and on the Issuer’s ability to generate sufficient cash from the collection of tolls.” 
While the lifting of containment measures resulted in a recovery of road traffic on the Italian Motorway Network 
as compared to 2020 and the first half of 2021 (an increase of 23.0% and 20.7% as compared to the year ended 
on 31 December 2020 and the six months ended on 30 June 2021, respectively), the traffic volume during this 
period remained lower compared to the volume of the traffic of 2019 prior to the spread of Covid-19 (decrease 
by 10.3% and 6.2% as compared to the year ended on 31 December 2019 and the six months ended on 30 June 
2019, respectively).  See also “– Recent Developments” for a detailed analysis of traffic since January 2022.   
The table below sets forth traffic volumes (measured by the number of kilometres travelled) on the Italian Group 
Network for vehicles with two axles and vehicles with three or more axles, and the percentage variation from 
year to year for each of the foregoing categories, for the first six months ended 30 June 2022, showing changes 
as compared to traffic volumes registered in the same period of 2021. 
 
Kilometres Travelled (1) 
Changes (%) 
Average Daily 
Traffic(2) 
 
Vehicles 
with 2 
axles 
Vehicles 
with 3 or 
more axles 
Total 
vs 1st half 
2021 
vs 1st half 
2019 
— 
 
(in millions) 
Autostrade Italia ......................................  
18,204.3 
3,580.7 
21,785.0 
23.3 
(4.3) 
42,163 
Tangenziale Napoli .................................  
403.0 
7.0 
410.0 
12.6 
(12.7) 
112,139 
Autostrada Tirrenica................................  
119.6 
12.4 
132.0 
25.0 
2.6 
16,061 
Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta .....  
41.1 
10.4 
51.5 
52.5 
(2.9) 
8,896 
Società Italiana per il Traforo del Monte 
Bianco .................................................  
3.0 
1.8 
4.7 
55.2 
(11.3) 
4,497 
Total Italian Motorway Companies.....
18,771.0 
3,612.2 
22,383.2 
23.1 
(4.4) 
41,807 
Autostrade Meridionali(3) ........................ 
366.0 
8.3
374.3 
(45.0) 
(55.2) 
80,602
______________ 
(1) Figures represesented in millions of kilometres travelled, rounded at the first decimal place.  The half-year performance includes 
the leap-year effect, equal to 0.7%. 
(2) ATVD - Average theoretical vehicles per day, equal to number of kilometres travelled/journey length/number of days. 
(3) As of 31 December 2021, the Group operated the Concession relating to the A3 Naples-Pompei-Salerno highway (61.6 km long) 
through Autostrade Meridionali. With effect form 1 April 2022, such Concession, which expired in 2012, was handed over to a new 
concessionaire. Autostrade Meridionali’s traffic figures in 2022 cover the period January – March only, while 2021 and 2019 traffic 
figures cover the period January – June. 
In 2021, the Group recorded on the Italian Group Network a 23.0% increase in traffic (25.5% for vehicles with 
two axles and 11.0% for vehicles with three or more axles) with respect to 2020, and a 10.3% decrease in traffic 
(a 12.5% decrease for vehicles with two axles and a 3.9% increase for vehicles with three or more axles) with 
respect to 2019.

--- Page 71 ---
62 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The table below sets forth traffic volumes on the Italian Group Network for the three years ended 
31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 Changes versus  
Company 
Motorway 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 
2020(1) 
 
 
(in millions of vehicles per kilometres) 
(in %) 
Autostrade Italia 
A1 Milan-Naples ..................  
18,697.5 
13,978.1 
17,286.6 
(7.5) 
23.7 
 
A4 Milan-Brescia .................  
3,767.2 
2,634.3 
3,255.1 
(13.6) 
23.6 
 
A7 Genoa-Serravalle ............  
596.4 
418.6 
521.4 
(12.6) 
24.6 
 
A8/9 Milan-Lakes ................  
2,551.6 
1,697.8 
2,078.4 
(18.5) 
22.4 
 
A8/A26 branch motorway ....  
513.1 
362.5 
435.8 
(15.1) 
20.2 
 
A10 Genoa-Savona ..............  
765.4 
540.4 
696.7 
(9.0) 
28.9 
 
A11 Florence-Coast .............  
1,566.2 
1,117.1 
1,369.5 
(12.6) 
22.6 
 
A12 Genoa-Sestri Levante ...  
819.8 
570.9 
724.7 
(11.6) 
26.9 
 
A12 Rome-Civitavecchia .....  
659.9 
501.2 
597.4 
(9.5) 
19.2 
 
A13 Bologna-Padua .............  
2,078.2 
1,488.9 
1,770.8 
(14.8) 
18.9 
 
A14 Bologna-Taranto ...........  
10,562.5 
7,828.5 
9,571.2 
(9.4) 
22.3 
 
A16 Naples-Canosa ..............  
1,390.4 
988.1 
1,250.4 
(10.1) 
26.5 
 
A23 Udine-Tarvisio .............  
596.1 
399.3 
528.8 
(11.3) 
32.4 
 
A26 Genoa-Gravellona Toce  
2,070.7 
1,374.2 
1,745.3 
(15.7) 
27.0 
 
A27 Venice-Belluno.............  
793.1 
599.7 
685.7 
(13.5) 
14.3 
 
A30 Caserta-Salerno ............  
887.1 
700.6 
833.3 
(6.1) 
18.9 
 
Mestre By-Pass ....................  
47.2 
33.0 
38.3 
(18.8) 
16.2 
 
Total Autostrade Italia.......
48,362.4 
35,233.4 
43,389.3 
(10.3) 
23.1 
Mont Blanc Tunnel 
T1 Mont Blanc Tunnel .........  
11.6 
7.7 
8.6 
(24.9) 
13.5 
Raccordo Autostradale 
Valled’Aosta 
A5 Aosta-Mont Blanc ..........  
115.4 
83.5 
95.7 
(17.0) 
14.6 
Tangenziale di Napoli(2) 
Naples ring-road ...................  
922.2 
692.1 
776.2 
(15.8) 
12.2 
Autostrade 
Meridionali(3) 
A3 Naples-Salerno ...............  
1701.9 
1,231.5 
1,547.1 
(9.1) 
25.6 
Società 
Autostrada 
Tirrenica 
A12 Livorno-Civitavecchia ..  
302.4 
237.4 
294.4 
(2.7) 
24.0 
 
Total Subsidiaries...............
3,053.6 
2,252.2 
2,722.0 
(10.9) 
20.9 
 
Total 
Italian 
Group 
Network...............................
51,416.0 
37,485.7 
46,111.3 
(10.3) 
23.0 
_____________ 
(1) The performance for 2020 includes the leap year effect, reducing the Group’s total traffic by approximately 0.28%. 
(2) From 1 January 2021, Tangenziale di Napoli has altered the conventional distance applied to vehicles at toll stations from 10.88 to 
10 km. 
(3) As of 31 December 2021, the Group operated the Concession relating to the A3 Naples-Pompei-Salerno highway (61.6 km long) 
through Autostrade Meridionali. With effect form 1 April 2022, such Concession, which expired in 2012, was handed over to a new 
concessionaire. 
The intensity and levels of traffic flows vary across different sections of the Italian Group Network, depending 
on a number of factors including geography and the presence of industrial activities in which the particular 
section of motorway is located, which are serviced by infrastructure which facilitate the development of 
economic activity and the advanced tertiary sector, and the presence of metropolitan areas.  The motorways that 
lead to and from the major urban centres in Italy, including Bologna, Genoa, Florence, Milan, Naples and Rome, 
experience traffic flows in excess of the average of the Italian Group Network.  Moreover, the decrease in fuel 
prices, recorded in the last few years, had a positive impact on traffic volumes on the Italian Group Network. 
During peak periods, on a given day or as a result of seasonal factors, traffic on the Italian Group Network as 
well as on the majority of Italian motorways managed by concessionaires which are not part of the Group can 
vary significantly from the averages stated above due to seasonal factors, such as an increase of traffic due to 
tourism in the summer months and during holidays. 
Toll Collection 
Toll revenue constitutes the principal source of the Group’s revenue.  Toll revenue is a function of traffic 
volumes and tariffs charged.  In general, the toll rates applied to the Italian Group Network are in proportion to 
the distance travelled (with the exception of the Mont Blanc tunnel, where a fixed toll is charged regardless of 
the distance travelled), the type of vehicle used and the characteristics of the infrastructure (for example, tolls 
on mountain motorways, which have greater construction and maintenance costs, are higher than those on level-
ground motorways).  In compliance with the terms of their single concession agreements, Autostrade Italia and 
the other Italian Motorway Companies are entitled to vary tariffs based on the vehicle class or time of day.  See 
“Regulatory” for further information.

--- Page 72 ---
63 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 2022, there were 258 toll stations on the Italian Group Network. The Group is increasing 
automation of the Italian Group Network in order to shorten payment and waiting times at toll stations and 
thereby increase traffic flows, as well as to reduce the number of personnel required for toll collection.  See “— 
Introduction — Strategy” and “— Employees”. 
Users of the Italian Group Network may choose between a wide range of electronic payment systems or cash, 
including: 
 
free flow gates equipped with an electronic system, a technology through which on-board equipment 
rented by motorway users communicates via radio signals to the toll booths, allowing non-stop transit 
and toll collection which is tied to an account holder’s current account or credit card; 
 
Viacard payments, which permit users to charge tolls either through (i) the “Prepaid Viacard” system, 
whereby users purchase Viacards that contain varying amounts of prepaid credits for the payment of 
tolls, or (ii) the “Current Account Viacard” or “Viacard Plus”, both of which are deferred payment 
systems in which account holders’ current accounts are directly debited on a periodic basis for payment 
by the account holder for tolls and other services provided in the service areas; 
 
credit card payments and debit card payments;  
 
Fast Pay, which permits toll charges to be debited from personal debit cards; and 
 
notes and coins machines, which accept automated cash toll payments without an attendant. 
Traffic and Motorway Assistance Services 
Motorway Police 
The Group’s motorway management responsibilities include user assistance, which it provides through various 
agreements with the Italian Ministry of Internal Affairs, whereby the Italian national motorway police monitor 
the Italian Group Network 24 hours a day and organise emergency assistance in response to any disruption to 
traffic flows.  These agreements also provide that the relevant Motorway Subsidiary is responsible for paying 
the expenses of the police incurred in connection with the provision of traffic assistance services and providing 
infrastructure, such as police barracks near the Italian Group Network, and police vehicles.  A force of auxiliary 
traffic personnel also assists the police in monitoring the Italian Group Network, including monitoring traffic, 
preventing traffic congestion, managing accident scenes where no injuries have occurred and generally 
supporting motorway police in their activities. 
Traffic Assistance 
In order to facilitate monitoring activities and assistance and to ensure prompt intervention when necessary, the 
Motorway Companies use radio equipment to link their motorway operations centers to remote traffic, weather 
and toll collection monitoring units as well as SOS call points for motorway users.  SOS call points are located 
at intervals (approximately one to two kilometres) along the Network.  Information and user assistance, toll 
payment assistance and road related assistance, are also provided through the 15 “Free to X Points” (previously, 
“Blue Point Centres”) located along the network, as well as through the Issuer’s website.  
Assistance and Recovery Services; First Aid Services 
Assistance and recovery services are provided by third parties.  The Group’s motorway operations centers 
directly link a motorway user calling from a SOS call unit along the motorway to the nearest assistance and 
recovery service provider.   
Accidents 
Since 1999, the death accident rate in Italian Group Network has been reduced by two-thirds.  In 2021, the death 
rate (calculated as the number of fatalities per 100 million kilometres travelled) was 0.22 
Despite these important achievements, the Group keeps striving to improve road safety and reduce the accident 
rate.

--- Page 73 ---
64 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
Fatality rate on Autostrade Italia’s network 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
2021 
fatality 
rate 
shows 
a worsening compared to 2020, year marked by a strong reduction in traffic caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Such results stem from heightened quality standards and actions carried out over the years, which included: 
 
 
specific interventions on points with higher-than-average accident rates (warning signs, lighting 
systems, special paving, et similia);  
 
introduction of sensors system to detect average speed on the network (Tutor);  
 
utilization of draining asphalt on 100% of the network suitable for this type of paving; 
 
increase in the number of sections with special highly adhesive paving; and 
 
safety awareness campaigns and other engagement initiatives. 
 
A structural turn-around in the network's management and maintenance systems is ongoing through the 
implementation of new national standards for the medium to long-term infrastructure management, including:  
 
 
more frequent safety checks on Heavy Good Vehicles (HGVs) in collaboration with Police forces; 
 
installation of new scales to check the load bearing of HGVs; 
 
speed check near road construction sites; and 
 
broader coverage of the network with Tutor portals from current 1,300 km to c. 2,500 km. 
 
Customer Service 
The Group uses numerical quality indices to measure the quality of service that the Group provides to its 
customers based on (i) accident rates, (ii) waiting times and number of vehicles at toll stations, (iii) a 
measurement of traffic congestion on the motorway stretches based on waiting times and number of vehicles, 
and (iv) a measurement of the quality of services provided to customers in service areas.  The Group believes 
the quality indices establish an objective and transparent method of determining the quality of service it 
provides.  The Group has a customer charter, which includes a number of initiatives for the benefit of motorway 
users including undertakings, to the extent practicable, to maintain emergency, traffic monitoring and related 
motorway services, to consider suggestions made by motorway users and to provide technologically advanced 
services to motorway users in order to increase efficiency and the level of service provided. 
The Autostrade Italia Investment Plan 
The Single Concession Contract 
Pursuant to the new EFP entered into force on 29 March 2022, the Group plans to carry out €14.1 billion of 
investment on Italian Group Network from 2020 to 2038 (of which, approximately €13 billion is the remaining 
amount to be invested from 2022 to 2038) (the “Investment Plan”).

--- Page 74 ---
65 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The Investment Plan, including investments already delivered, totals €27.4 billion and it is one of the largest 
infrastructure investment plans in Italy. It covers a series of works designed to improve, upgrade and modernise 
the motorway network under concession extending the life of the infrastructure. Such investment programme 
encompasses the construction of additional lanes or by-pass, work on tunnels, bridges and viaducts, other minor 
infrastructure, crash and noise reduction barriers and technology systems.  
The table below sets the details of investments already delivered by ASPI (as at 31 December 2021, 
approximately €14.4 billion) and the investments in progress and to be delivered included in the EFP currently 
in force. 
 
 
 
Km Covered 
Value of the 
project (in € 
billion) 
Investments to 
be realised 2020 
– 2038 (in € 
billion) 
Major Works 
 
1997 investment plan 
232 
7.4 
0.9 
Other investment includd in 1997 investment plan 
n.a. 
4.6 
1.9 
2002 investment plan 
275.3 
8.4 
4.6 
Genoa by Pass 
39.7 
4.3 
4.1 
Other investment on the network 
235.6 
4.1 
0.5 
2007 investment plan 
154 
2.4 
2.4 
Other Investments 
 
 
 
Noise Abatement Plan 
n.a. 
0.9 
0.7 
Modernisation Plan 
n.a. 
2.7 
2.7 
Genoa sub-sea tunnel and Val Fontabuona tunnel in Liguria Region 
n.a. 
0.9 
0.9 
Total 
 
27.4 
14.1 
___________ 
Note: the table does not include extraordinary maintenance plan and non reversible investments  
Capex Plan by Remuneration 
The Third Addendum to the Concession provides for three different remuneration of investments: 
 
investments recognised as at 31 December 2019 are remunerated at a fix investment rate of return, 
corresponding to €0.8 billion of investments to be carried out in the 2020-2038 period; 
 
new investments from 2020 and the extraordinary maintenance plan are remunerated at the regulatory 
WACC, corresponding to €11.2 billion of investments to be carried out in the 2020-2038 period;  
 
capital expenditures carried out as part of the Settlement Agreement have no remuneration, 
corresponding to €2.1 billion of investments to be carried out in the 2020-2038 period.  
For additional information, see “Regulatory - Tariff systems and regulatory net invested capital”. 
Major Works 
The two major projects in the pipeline are the Bologna by-pass (originally part of the Other Investments of the 
1997 investment plan) and the Genoa by-pass (originally part of the 2002 investment plan). 
Genoa by-pass

--- Page 75 ---
66 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
The Genoa By-pass is a complex project that aims to reduce traffic using the urban section of the A10 between 
the Genoa West (Port of Genoa) toll station and the Voltri district, by redirecting through traffic to a new 
motorway. The project will involve investments of approximately €4.3 billion; in this respect, the Group has 
started most of the activities involved in preparing for the start-up of the works. The Issuer is awaiting formal 
approval for the detailed design before proceeding to award the related contracts.  
Bologna by-pass 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The upgraded Bologna interchange will relieve congestion in the Bologna section of the network by widening 
13 km of the existing motorway. The detailed design of the project is currently under approval by the MIT. 
Modernisation Plan   
The EFP currently in force includes a series of initiatives aimed at upgrading and modernising the network 
under concession. The modernisation plan is remunerated at the regulatory WACC, the total commitment for 
these initiatives is planned at €2.7 billion, mainly consisting in: 
 
upgrading of bridges and viaducts, revamping works on tunnels; 
 
upgrading interventions for safety barriers; and 
 
implementing technological modernisation of the network.

--- Page 76 ---
67 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
For these investments, ASPI undertook to include, at the request of the Concession Grantor, further interventions 
estimated to be €1.3 billion in the next five-year update of the EFP (2025). 
 
Un-remunearted capex 
As provided under the €3.4 billion Settlement Agreement, the Group’s capital expenditure plan includes: 
• €1.2 billion of un-remunerated capex for the network in the period 2020-2023 (of those 1.1 billion 
expected by 2023); and 
• €0.9 billion of un-remunerated capex (2022-2030) for Genoa sub-portual tunnel and Val Fontanabuona 
tunnel in Liguria Region. 
Extraordinary maintenance plan 
Since 2021 the €1.2 billion extraordinary maintenance plan is reported among capital expenditures as is 
remunerated through toll increases via the construction tariff. As at the end of 2021, approximately €0.9 billion 
was spent under such plan. 
At the end of the first five-year regulatory period (2020-2024), the additional maintenance needs for the 
following regulatory period will be assessed with the Concession Grantor, also in light of the consolidation of 
the standards currently being introduced. 
Major Projects of the other Motorway Companies 
The other toll road concession Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta and SAT have completed their planned 
investment in major works under their respective Concession Agreements. 
ASPI’s 2021 capital expenditure 
Despite the difficulties caused by the pandemic, involving the need to respect the related safety regulations, 
capital expenditure on the motorways operated by Italian Group network continued in 2021, with investment 
amounting to €830 million.  
 
The table below sets forth a summary of investments made in the years ended 2020 and 2021 of ASPI: 
 
2021 
2020 
 
Major works under the 1997 Investment Plan .................................................  
157 
120 
Other investments under the 1997 Investment Plan(1) .....................................  
131 
113 
Genoa interchange ...........................................................................................  
- 
15 
Other major works under the 2002 Investment Plan .......................................  
98 
104 
Noise Reduction Plan ......................................................................................  
1 
13 
New projects under 2020 EFP(2) ......................................................................  
- 
103 
ASPI investment in infrastructure(3)(4) .........................................................  
387 
468 
Project included in the Extraordinary Maintenance Plan(3) .............................  
443 
- 
ASPI’s capitalised costs ..................................................................................  
40 
41 
Total capital expenditure(3)........................................................................... 
870 
509 
_____________ 
(1) Includes the Bologna Bypass. 
(2) Includes the works required to widen highways to three/four lanes required by the Single Concession Contract, reducing congestion 
on the busiest sections of the network " and "New projects included in the network upgrade/modernisation plan designed to prolong 
the useful life of infrastructure. 
(3) Includes as capex since 2021 (as remunerated by the construction tariff) costs incurred in 2020 connection with the extraordinary 
maintenance plan were recorded as expenses  and not as capital expenditure. In 2020, the extraordinary maintenance as expenses 
costs incurred by ASPI were equal to €349 million 
(4) The figure  does not include the unremunerated capex carried out at ASPI’s expense. The cost of which   total of €299 million in 
2021. These amounts have been are included in cash outflows represented by operating uses of provisions. In contrast, in the table 
for 2020, these projects were included in capital expenditure and amounted to €489 million. 
 
Works approval procedure

--- Page 77 ---
68 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
In accordance with current legislation, implementation of the investment plan entails long and complex 
environmental and urban planning approval phase on the part of the relevant ministries and authorities, even for 
simple works.   
The approval process can last a number of years (e.g. more than 8 years in the case of the Doubling of the 
Bologna-Florence) and can be broken down in the following phases: 
- 
preliminary design of the project carried out by the concessionaire; 
- 
inclusion of the project within the Single Concession Contract; 
- 
final design of the project and its technical validation; 
- 
environmental impact assessment of the project and services conference including relevant 
stakeholders; 
- 
amendments to final design; 
- 
plan of works prepared by the concessionaire and approved by the Concession Grantor; 
- 
award of the project work to contractors and execution of works subject to the concessionaire 
supervision; 
- 
opening to traffic. 
Investments and Cost Overruns 
ASPI and the other Motorway Companies (except for Società Italiana per Azioni per il Traforo del Monte 
Bianco) under the respective Concession Contracts, as integrated by 2019 Transport Regulatory Authority’s 
regulation measures have entered into “realignment/rebalancing” concession, which provides for a realignment 
of tariffs every five years to reflect investment costs. Such Motorway Companies have therefore assumed the 
obligation to finance cost overruns only in excess of the Approved Investment Amount, with the exception of 
cost overruns due to force majeure or resulting from acts by third parties.  
Maintenance Costs and Network surveillance  
Autostrade Italia strives toward a continuous improvement in the network quality standards while monitoring it 
to improve assets resilience and to ensure that, the local Area Offices responsible for specific sections of the 
motorway operated by ASPI and the other toll road concessionaires of the Group conducts routine surveillance 
and maintenance.  
 
The Group’s maintenance activities are aimed at maintaining adequate levels of safety and the proper 
functioning of the motorways, paving surfaces, bridges, tunnels, viaducts and drainage systems fully complying 
with the regulatory standards and the criteria defined by the Ministry of Infrastructures and Sustainable 
Mobility, and also complying with environmental laws.   
Maintenance activities are presently performed by third parties selected via public tender procedures, except 
that paving activities are performed by both  Amplia Infrastructures and third parties pursuant to tender 
procedures. 
The new EFP includes - for the period 2019-2038 - a total of 7.0 billion of maintenance, being €5.8 billion of 
base maintenance (reported as an expense) and €1.2 billion of extraordinary maintenance for the period 2019-
2024 (reported since 2021 as capex as remunerated via the construction tariff).  
New surveillance system, leveraging on best engineering expertise available 
In order to achieve independence and transparency in the execution of network surveillance and monitoring 
activities, ASPI has assigned the task to third parties assessors selected through public tender8. 
                                                     
8 Surveillace has been awarded in 2021 to Proger S.p.A.

--- Page 78 ---
69 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
In 2021, 19,000 base and advanced inspections of bridges, viaducts, overpasses, and tunnels were carried out 
by the Group. In 2021 ASPI has also launched “ARGO”, an artificial intelligence-based monitoring platform, 
the first of its kind in Europe that represents a game changer in Autostrade Italia network surveillance and 
monitoring activities. 
On the other side, specialised external companies have been appointed in order to conduct second-level 
assessments. Through these assessments, samples of information regarding the inspection activities carried out 
by the external companies are collected and analysed. The same methodology and assessment process apply 
also to inspections carried out directly by the Company’s staff, who perform a first-level assessment. 
The second level assessments are carried out according to the following methodology:  
 
desk review to verify completeness and consistency of the inspection forms content; 
 
on-site checks to verify consistency between inspection forms and the state of the assets. 
 
These activities are part of the wider ASPI’s three-level internal control system: 
 
first-level audits/assessments carried out internally by the process owners and the line managers; 
 
second-level audits/assessment, as specified above; 
 
third-level audits, carried out by the Issuer’s internal audit department. 
 
In 2021, routine inspection activities (first and second level assessments) covered all the network’s bridges, 
viaducts, overpasses and tunnels. 
In 2021, in addition to base and advanced inspections carried out on annual base, Autostrade Italia, in 
compliance with the recently modified national regulation framework, activated a program of extraordinary 
inspections and safety verifications regarding approximately 3,800 bridges, viaducts and overpasses, as well as 
8,837 km of safety barriers. A wide-ranging assessment plan was also launched for tunnels, including 
extraordinary inspections of 593 tunnels of the Italian Group Network (out of a total of 595). The inspection 
process involves an in-depth survey of the state of each bridge, viaduct, overpass and tunnel, including the use 
of cutting-edge diagnostic tools and methodologies. 
Autostrade Italia has reached agreement with the Concession Grantor on an inspection programme designed to 
carry out detailed surveys of all the tunnels on the network, extending for a total of approximately 365 km. The 
same approach has been reflected also on the monitoring of bridges and viaducts, in line with the most updated 
guidelines about the asset monitoring. 
Ongoing major effort in maintenance  
Maintenance activities may be breakdown into three categories: recurring and functional maintenance, paving 
and non-recurring maintenance. 
Recurring and Functional Maintenance 
Recurring maintenance activities include the cleaning of ditches, landscaping, lawn mowing, general cleaning 
projects and the reconstruction of road signs, as well as minor repairs of structures such as crash barriers that 
have been damaged by accidents.  Also included in recurring maintenance activities is the maintenance of the 
buildings located on the Italian Group Network, including toll booths and winter operation.  
 
Non-Recurring Maintenance 
Non-recurring maintenance consists mainly of repair of motorway infrastructure and is carried out on a regular 
basis on the bridges, tunnels, viaducts and overpasses of the Italian Group Network with the aim of avoiding 
deterioration and maintaining the efficiency of such structures.  Non-recurring maintenance includes major 
motorway reconstruction projects that involve the rebuilding of certain discrete sections of the Italian Group 
Network that have been destroyed or made uneven by wear and tear, landslides or other natural phenomena, 
such as inclement weather conditions.  The rebuilding or additional reinforcement of embankments as protection

--- Page 79 ---
70 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
against landslides and other natural phenomena and drainage projects are also included in non-recurring 
maintenance. 
Paving 
With respect to paving, the Group annually tests the motorways’ smoothness and adherence, or “grip”, and 
periodically examines the actual condition and wear of the roadway and the roadway’s capacity to withstand 
weight.  Draining pavement has been laid throughout Autostrade Italia Network, with the exception of roads 
liable to ice over, tunnels and roads where high traction paving has been laid or sections where major works are 
due to take place or are in progress.  In its monitoring activities, particular attention is paid to reviewing new 
paving works in order to assure that the quality standards set by the Group are met.  In addition, the price-cap 
mechanism takes into account the quality of motorway paving and the Single Concession Contract sets certain 
annual objectives with respect to such paving. 
Extraordinary 2019-2024 Maintenance Plan 
 
Since 2021 the €1.2 billion Extraordinary Maintenance Plan, is reported among Capex as it is remunerated via 
the construction tariff. For additional information, see “Autostrade Italia Investment Plan - Capex Plan by 
Remuneration”. 
Autostrade Italia Maintenance expenses  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
 
(€ in millions) 
     Recurring and functional  ..................................................................................................... 
197 
215 
     Paving .................................................................................................................................. 
87 
74 
     Non-recurring ....................................................................................................................... 
49 
37 
Total (base maintenance) 
333 
326 
    Reconstruction of Genoa bridge(1) 
148 
88 
    Extraordinary maintenance Plan(2) 
349 
- 
Total Maintenance expenses  
829 
414 
 
(1) The impact of these costs on EBITDA is offset by use of the related provisions for repair and replacement accounted for in the 
“Operating change in provisions”. 
(2) Since 2021 Maintenance expenses do not include the extraordinary Maintenance plan (€443m), reported as capital expenditure. 
 
Research and Development 
The Group’s research and development activities focus on all aspects of the toll motorway business and, in 
particular, on safety, quality standards, noise pollution, infrastructure management, maintenance and toll 
collection technology.  Group’ total expenditure on innovation, research and development in 2021 amounted to 
approximately €30 million, an increase of €11 million compared with 2020.  This sum represents the total 
amount spent by the Group on research and development, including operating costs, staff costs and capital 
expenditure. 
Research and development is conducted in connection with numerous projects, some of which are co-financed 
at the European or Italian level, and include:  free-flow toll collection systems; evolution of traditional motorway 
operation systems with a view to developing new functions and services; technologies and vehicle-infrastructure 
interfacing to support innovative smart mobility services; mobility management systems for traffic control; 
testing of automated tunnel traffic detection and control systems in some of the main tunnels of the Variante di 
Valico; digitalisation of the process of managing motorway assets by adopting key enabling technologies for 
use in the development of innovative approaches to the enhancement of data assets: the creation of a new 
platform, based on IBM’s Maximo Enterprise Asset Management software; navigable 3D modelling of 
infrastructure and its components, subdivided into separate parts, and with associated geo-referenced data on 
the state of repair; creation of an Internet of Things (IoT) platform for monitoring infrastructure, supplemented 
with three-dimensional models obtained from drone surveys; innovative operation and infrastructure assessment 
systems: revision and evolution of standards and methodologies relating to the control and monitoring of

--- Page 80 ---
71 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
motorway assets; indepth study of the behaviour of structures subject to ageing, with particular regard to bridges 
and viaducts and methodological validation of actual infrastructure in the field; knowledge and assessment of 
the overall state of conservation of the network's tunnels using high-resolution instrumental survey techniques, 
supplemented by a new expert analysis method for mapping, monitoring and classifying the state of tunnels and 
its evolution; hydrogeological assessment of the network; predictive maintenance for pavements based on 
innovative Pavement Management Systems; development of integrated systems to assess the resilience of 
transport networks to climate events and the required levels of performance and service; smart energy and 
environmental sustainability; design system for the installation of widespread photovoltaic systems; 
metamaterials and energy harvesting; development of systems and initiatives to encourage an Open Innovation 
approach, as well as cross-fertilisation between the Group’s know-how and tools and external expertise deriving 
from start-ups, universities, research institutes, consultants and non-competing companies. 
Sustainability 
In accordance with the strategy of the Group, sustainability has been identified as a key item in the operations 
of the Group. As such, the Group aims at keeping with the UN 2030 Agenda’s Sustainable Development Goals 
and, to that effect, set out commitments and timeframes. In order to become a model in the construction and 
management of infrastructures with the highest safety standards and a leader in ESG, Autostrade Italia has set 
clear strategic goals on ESG pillars, as follows:  
 
minimise the environmental impact deriving from the construction and management of infrastructures;  
 
fully decarbonise ASPI’s footprint following an SBTi-compliant approach;  
 
ensure highest quality and safety standard and step up on people stratefy with a focus on diversity, 
equity, inclusion and development;  
 
adopt a responsible business model, preventing any violation of the Group’s ethics code across the 
Issuer and its supplier, through the strengthening of internal controls. 
In particular, the Group adopted a “net zero” carbon neutrality objective, pursuant to which the Group is 
committed to reducing emissions in line with the scenario that aims to keep the rise in global temperatures below 
1.5°C in 2050. This process is linked to targets that have been validated by the Science Based Target initiative 
(SBTi). In addition, on 6 July 2022, the rating agency Morningstar Sustainalytics has assigned to Autostrade 
Italia an ESG risk rating equal to 6.2 points, ranked as first company in the infrastructure sector and in the top 
twenty out of more 14,000 companies evaluated worldwide. In order to achieve a sustainable model the Group 
has identified, first and foremost, an integrated management of the entire infrastructure life cycle, paying special 
attention to its resilience and safety features. Also important in this context are the initiatives to guarantee 
sustainable development of new infrastructure to be built. The Group has laid the foundations for intervening 
throughout the entire infrastructure life cycle, and guaranteeing the adoption of sustainable design criteria thanks 
to the increasing use of materials with reduced emissions and the reuse of materials.  
In terms of sustainability, the following results were achieved in the first six months of the year: 
 
launch of the “Open es Vendor Management Platform”, on which approximately 1,400 suppliers are 
currently registered. This has already allowed the Issuer this year to closely assess suppliers based on 
their ESG performance and begin working on joint initiatives designed to improve supply chain 
sustainability; 
In this respect, in 2021, ASPI has achieved the “platinum” certification for the new Bologna Bypass project in 
accordance with Envision certification criteria; this will be extended to other major new works in the pipeline. 
Evolution of the supply chain has begun, and ESG assessment criteria have been included in contracts.  
The purpose of Envision from their website “is to foster the dramatic and necessary improvement in the 
sustainable performance and resiliency of physical infrastructure by helping owners, planners, engineers, 
communities, contractors, and other infrastructure stakeholders to implement more costeffective, resource-
efficient and adaptable long-term infrastructure investments”. 
Envision is a framework developed in joint collaboration between Harvard University Graduate School of 
Design and the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure (ISI). ISI is a not-for-profit education and research

--- Page 81 ---
72 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
organization founded by the American Public Works Association, the American Council of Engineering 
Companies, and the American Society of Civil Engineers. Envision is recognized as the main certification 
system of the sustainability of infrastructure works 
The framework includes 64 sustainability and resilience indicators, called ‘credits’, organized around five 
categories: Quality of Life, Leadership, Resource Allocation, Natural World, and Climate and Resilience. By 
assessing achievement in each of the 64 credits, project teams establish how well the project addresses the full 
range of sustainability indicators.  
To receive recognition, projects must achieve a minimum percentage of the total applicable Envision points. 
Projects can be recognized at four award levels (Verified, Silver, Gold, Platinum). Platinum is the highest. 
Secondly, the Group is committed to building a new customer relationship by offering innovative services, 
developing predictive traffic information systems, simplifying operations at toll stations, and deploying new 
signage and communication technologies. 
Finally, in order to achieve its sustainable transformation goals, the Group continued to enhance its human 
resources and knowledge base, and strengthened governance of ESG issues by setting up an internal board 
Sustainability Committee and a managerial ESG Committee, and identifying ESG sustainability ambassadors 
within the organisation. 
Environmental 
Autostrade Italia’s activities have an environmental impact, and the awareness that this impact must be 
addressed has gradually resulted in the increasing adoption of policies, procedures, technical and organizational 
solutions and instruments aimed at analyzing and regulating aspects linked to the environment and local 
problems from the outset.  This approach entails taking account of environmental elements such as water, green 
spaces, land, air, flora, fauna, climatic factors and the landscape, tangible assets and cultural heritage.  
Autostrade Italia’s activities are characterised by specific processes focusing on “environmental management”, 
which have been integrated into its operations.  Repercussions for the ecosystem are examined and assessed 
starting from the design stage.  They are then monitored and managed during construction, management and 
operation of the motorway network.  Autostrade Italia is focused on reducing its environmental footprint and is 
fully committed to improving environmental compatibility, streamlining energy consumption (e.g. by 
developing renewable sources and extending LED lighting on the network) and tackling climate changes (e.g. 
by reducing direct and direct CO2 emissions). 
Intellectual Property 
The Group holds Italian and European patents relating to a number of its technologies.  The Group also has 
some Italian and European trademarks. 
Employees 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had an average of 8,498 full-time and part-time employees, as compared to the 
average workforce of 8,654 as at 30 June 2021.  
Management believes that industrial relations within the Group have been characterised by a willingness to 
collaborate and to avoid conflicts, and strikes in recent years have been rare.  The Group is subject to an 
industry-wide collective bargaining agreement covering motorway concessionaires which has been in effect 
since 1962.  The principal terms of the collective bargaining agreement are typically renegotiated every 
three years.  On 15 April 2021, the collective bargaining agreement currently in force was signed. 
Competition 
The Group faces limited competition from third-party concessionaires and State-run motorways as well as 
competition from alternate forms of transportation.  See “Risk Factors – Competition from the development or 
improvement of alternative motorway stretches or networks or of alternative means of transportation, including 
high speed rail networks, may decrease traffic volumes on the Italian Group Network or limit the Group’s ability 
to expand the Italian Group Network, thereby adversely affecting the Group’s revenues and growth”.  In Italy, 
the Group, which holds concessions for approximately 50% of the toll motorways in Italy, is the largest

--- Page 82 ---
73 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
motorway operator, while the second largest motorway operator is the Gavio group (which comprises 
Autostrade Torino Milano and SIAS), which holds concessions for approximately 17% of the toll motorways 
in Italy9.  The Group believes competition from toll motorways operated by third-party concessionaires, such 
as the Gavio group, and State-run motorways is limited because these motorways usually serve origins and 
destinations which are different from those in the Italian Group Network and, in the limited instances where the 
Group has direct competition from third-party concessionaires or State-run motorways, the Group believes that 
its services are attractive to users because of the Italian Group Network’s quality of services offered.  
The Group regards rail and air travel as the principal alternative modes of transportation to the motorways.  
However, these alternative modes of transportation provide competition primarily for long distance travel point-
to-point or the transport of goods for distances greater than 400 kilometres.  Management believes that the 
flexibility and speed of road transportation and the lack of integration of other forms of transportation are the 
principal reasons for the continuing popularity of road transportation. 
The Group also faces increased competition in its efforts to obtain new concessions.  This is due to the European 
Union legislation which requires all awards of motorway concessions (including renewals of old concessions) 
to be granted pursuant to an open bid process on a Europe-wide basis.  See “Regulatory – Legislative Decree 
No. 50/2016 and provisions impacting motorway concessionaires”. 
Insurance 
The Group maintains various insurance policies as protection against certain risks associated with operating and 
maintaining the Italian Group Network and associated infrastructure as well as activities of its subsidiaries.  In 
addition, each construction company hired by the Group is required under Italian law to have all risks insurance, 
workers insurance and liability insurance covering all damages to the particular project it is constructing for the 
Group.  The Group’s policies, however, do not cover labour unrest, and the Group does not carry business 
interruption insurance to cover operating losses it may experience, such as reduced toll revenue, resulting from 
work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions.  In addition, the Group carries only limited risk and business 
interruption insurance to cover damages or operating losses resulting from terrorist acts.  See “Risk Factors – 
The Group may be required to make significant payments for damages and its insurance coverage might not be 
adequate or available in all circumstances”. 
Properties 
With the exception of certain office buildings in Rome and Florence, which are owned by the Group, most of 
the real property occupied by the Group’s subsidiaries in connection with their activities will revert to the State 
at the expiry of the relevant Concessions. 
Legal Proceedings 
As part of the ordinary course of its business, companies within the Group are subject to a number of 
administrative, civil and criminal proceedings relating to the construction, operation and management of the 
Italian Group Network.  As at 30 June 2022, the Group had accrued a €1,832 million10 provision in its financial 
statements for litigation.  In accruing such amount, which the Issuer believes to be appropriate, the following 
factors have been taken into account:  (i) risks associated with the relevant legal proceeding; and (ii) relevant 
accounting principles, which require accrual of liabilities for probable and measurable risks.  Consistent with 
accounting principles, no accrual has been made with respect to legal proceedings whose value cannot be 
determined, or for which the likelihood of an unfavourable outcome is only possible or remote.  However, it is 
not possible to exclude unfavourable outcomes.  Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer believes that such legal 
proceedings will not determine any material adverse effect on its financial statements, for amounts exceeding 
those allocated in the provisions for litigation, risks and charges in the financial statements as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2022. 
                                                     
9 
Source:  AISCAT:  “Summary of Italian motorway network under concession as of 31 December 2020” 
(“Quadro riassuntivo della rete autostradale in concessione al 31.12.2020”). 
10 
The amount of provisions for litigation as of 30 June 2022 includes also provisions related to Settlement 
Agreement with the MIT (totaling €1,745 million).

--- Page 83 ---
74 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
A summary of the main legal proceedings involving the Group is set out below.  For additional information, see 
the paragraph entitled “Significant legal and regulatory aspects” starting on page 16 of the Q3 Press Release 
(which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular), the paragraph entitled “10.7 Significant legal and 
regulatory events” starting on page 110 of the 2022 unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements (which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular) and the paragraph entitled “10.7 
Significant legal and regulatory aspects” starting on page 240 of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
(which are incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular). 
Litigation connected to the collapse of the Polcevera Bridge  
A section of the Polcevera Bridge on the A10 Genoa-Ventimiglia collapsed on 14 August 2018, causing the 
death of 43 persons.  On 14October 2021, the Issuer and the MIT entered into a settlement agreement providing 
for the termination of the procedure alleging Autostrade Italia’s serious breach of the Single Concession 
Contract, which was initiated by the Italian Government following the Polcevera Bridge Collapse.  For 
additional information, see “Recent Developments – Settlement Agreement, EFP and Addendum”.  The most 
significant legal proceedings arising from this incident are described below. 
Investigation by the Public Prosecutor’s Office in Genoa 
The Polcevera Bridge Collapse has resulted in criminal action before the Court of Genoa, currently against 31 
employees of Autostrade Italia, including executives and other employees located at the Issuer’s headquarters 
in Rome and the relevant area office in Genoa, in relation to certain criminal offences. 
With specific regard to ASPI’s position, in relation to alleged breaches of Legislative Decree 231/2001,during 
the preliminary hearing, an application for admission to a settlement procedure was presented to the Public 
Prosecutor’s Office at the Court of Genoa on 15 March 2022. The Public Prosecutors then passed the application 
to the judge, together with a detailed opinion in which the Prosecutors gave the consent for the Company’s 
admission to the settlement procedure. 
The Public Prosecutors noted that, since the tragic event, Autostrade Italia had adopted a series of initiatives 
that meant that it had fully complied with the conditions set out in art. 17 of Legislative Decree 231/2001 
(“reparation for damages resulting from the offence”). In this sense, ASPI has: 
- 
paid compensation for all the damages resulting from the alleged offences; 
- 
eliminated organisational shortcomings by adopting and implementing a new 231 Model, which is 
expressly considered "fit for the purpose of preventing the commission of similar offences”; 
- 
forfeited any proceeds from the offences, by setting aside the sum of €26.8m, previously included in 
provisions for risks and charges as at 31 December 2021. 
On 7 April 2022, the judge ruled in favour of Autostrade Italia’s request to settle pursuant to Legislative Decree 
231/2001. 
Furthermore, on 26 September 2022, the court of Genova accepted the ASPI lawyers request for exclusion of 
the company as civil liable pursuant for having participated in the pre-trial hearings only as an entity under 
investigation pursuant to Decree 231 and not as a civil liable. 
As a consequence in the event of a sentence to pay provisional the civil parties will have a direct title only 
against the individuals: on the contrary, they will be required to go before the civil Court to advance their claims 
also against the Company.  More specifically, any civil proceedings for the summons of ASPI as civilly liable, 
could  only take place  after the final sentence of conviction  submitted  by the criminal Court (i.e.  at the end 
of the three steps of the criminal trial). 
Extraordinary tunnel inspections – Ministerial Circular no. 6736/61A1 of 19 July 1967 – Launch of a 
procedure for serious breach pursuant to art. 8 of the Single Concession Contract 
On 22 July 2020, following a one-off inspection conducted by the Concession Grantor, with the aim of verifying 
the correct implementation of the planned checks being carried out by Autostrade Italia on tunnels around the 
network it operates, with particular regard to those in the Liguria region, the Concession Grantor announced the

--- Page 84 ---
75 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“launch of a procedure pursuant to art. 8 of the Single Concession Contract in force”, having identified 
“operational problems, delays and a failure to comply with the instructions given”. 
The above procedure is based on a report prepared by inspectors from the Local Inspection Department based 
in Rome.  The report sets out details of the alleged problems identified during onsite inspections carried out on 
a number of sections of motorway located in the provinces of Genoa and Pescara. 
Following the announcement issued by the Concession Grantor on 22 July 2020, claiming the alleged serious 
breach of the Single Concession Contract by Autostrade Italia for failure to perform its inspections activities on 
tunnels of the Autostrade Italia Network (with particular reference to those located in the Region of Liguria) 
and in order to report on the actual state of progress in implementing work on the tunnels and to clarify its 
position with regard to compliance with the law, on 21 August 2020, Autostrade Italia delivered to the 
Concession Grantor its counter-arguments, requesting the dismissal of the proceeding due to the allegation 
against it of the serious breach being without grounds and requesting a meeting, in order to provide further 
clarifications. 
The counter-arguments submitted by Autostrade Italia contain a report on the state of discussions and 
correspondence with the Concession Grantor regarding the inspection of motorway tunnels.  The purpose of 
such report is to show the several changes in the Concession Grantor’s interpretation of the applicable provisions 
in the period from the end of May to July 2020 to which, nonetheless, Autostrade Italia promptly complied with. 
On 23 February 2021, at the invitation of the Concession Grantor, a hearing was held at which Autostrade Italia 
filed further documentation in support of its position.  Following further hearings during which ASPI once again 
confirmed the legitimacy of its position and the absence of the objections that were raised against it, on 
24 April 2021 the Concession Grantor issued a measure whereby, as conclusion of the sanction proceeding that 
had been initiated, imposed to ASPI an administrative penalty equal to Euro 100,000.00.  ASPI challenged such 
measure by submitting an appeal before the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio (TAR Lazio) filed on 
21 June 2021 and currently pending. 
“Satellite” criminal proceedings (bertè tunnel, false report on ther viaductcs, integautos barriers) carried out 
by the Genoa Public Prosecutor’s office  
The so called Genoa “satellite” criminal proceedings ( (bertè tunnel, false report on ther viaductcs, integautos 
barriers) were merged into one proceeding. The individuals under investigations  are 56 of which n. 20 of ASPI  
In this second investigation, also ASPI was under investigation for the breach of Articles 21 ("plurality of 
offenses") and 24 bis of Legislative Decree 231/01 (“IT crimes and unlawful data processing") in relation to 
several criminal offences of false statement in digital documents pursuant to articles  479, 476 and 491 bis of 
the Criminal Code allegedly committed in carrying out inspection activities on both viaducts and tunnels. 
As a consequence, in order to give continuity to the process started with the proceedings relating to the collapse 
of the Polcevera Viaduct, ASPI submitted a second plea bargain request. 
On the aforementioned request, the Public Prosecutors gave their consent through a written opinion in which 
they stated that: 
 
the plea bargain is «in continuity» with that one obtained in the Morandi proceedings as the alleged 
crimes would have been committed  «during the same maintenance and surveillance activity of the 
motorway network» 
 
with the plea bargain sentence of the First Proceeding, it has already been ascertained that ASPI has 
adopted a suitable Model 231 and has compensated all the damages caused by the alleged offenses; on 
the contrary, in this second investigation, ASPI will not be required to pay any amount as confiscation, 
since forgery crimes  do not cause,  by their nature, any profit that can be confiscated or any 
compensable damages 
 
there are the conditions for the non application of disqualification measures 
The judge of preliminary investigations, on 26 september 2022,  accepted ASPI request; as a consequence, ASPI 
is now  required to pay only the pecuniary sanction equal to Euro 600,000.00 and its position will be thus defined

--- Page 85 ---
76 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
before the notice of conclusion of the investigations. The criminal proceedings will continue only against the 
individuals. 
Investigation by the Vasto and Florence Public Prosecutor’s office of the alleged inclusion of false data in 
the technical documentation relating to the Giustina Viaduct (A14 motorway) and other viaducts 
These criminal investigations are linked to the investigation in Genoa discussed above under “– Legal 
Proceedings – Investigation by the Genoa Public Prosecutor’s office of bridges and road bridges managed by 
Autostrade Italia and the initiatives undertaken” and follows the provision of evidence gathered by the Public 
Prosecutor’s Office in Genoa to the Vasto and Florence Public Prosecutor’s office. 
As to the Giustina Viaduct, on 26 June 2020, the Public Prosecutor asked the preliminary investigating 
magistrate at the Court of Vasto for an extension of the deadline for completing the preliminary investigation 
to 3 February 2021 and such request has been granted by the Court of Vasto.  The persons under investigation 
are the former head of operational maintenance and investment, the former director of local office VIII and 
Autostrade Italia’s then sole project manager, who are accused of breaching articles 110 and 479 of the criminal 
code (“false statements by a public officer in a public office”). 
On 29 January 2021 the Vasto Public Prosecutor delivered the second request of postponement of the 
preliminary investigations until 3 September 2021 to the preliminary investigating magistrate, who granted it. 
On 27 August 2021, the Public Prosecutor delivered the third request of postponement of the preliminary 
investigations until 3 March 2022 to the preliminary investigating magistrate, who granted it.  
As to the Florence investigations related to certain viaducts of competence of the management of the IV section 
(“Direzione IV Tronco”), the former head of operational maintenance and investment is under investigation.  
The specific charges are not known yet at this stage. 
At the date of this Offering Circular the investigations are still pending. 
Investigation launched by the Italian Competition Authority 
On 16 June 2020, officials from the Italian Competition Authority, assisted by the Italian finance police, 
conducted an inspection of the Issuer’s headquarters in Rome and the Cassino 6 local area office.  The inspection 
was accompanied by notification of the launch of an investigation pursuant to article 27, paragraph 3 of the 
Italian Consumer Code. 
The investigation PS no. 11644 – launched by the Italian Competition Authority following complaints from 
consumers and local press reports – looked into allegations that Autostrade Italia has engaged in unfair trading 
practices.  The investigation regards the decision to narrow lanes and reduce speed limits on sections of the A16 
and A14 motorways, focusing above all on the information provided to road users on reductions and suspensions 
of tolls in order to compensate users for the disruption caused. 
In July 2020, Autostrade Italia submitted the list of commitments provided for in the regulation governing 
consumer protection investigations, with a view to reaching a rapid and positive resolution of the proceedings.  
The list commits the Issuer to revise the form and content of the information provided to road users on speed 
limits and to make available a webform to be used by motorists in order to claim a refund of tolls. 
However, the proposed commitments were rejected by the Italian Competition Authority in its decision of 
24 September 2020, in which it also extended the subject of the proceeding, extending the objections already 
contained in the opening of the proceeding to further motorway sections managed by ASPI (A/14 
Bologna/Taranto, A/26 Genoa Voltri Gravellona -Toce and, for the parts under its responsibility, the A/7 Milan-
Serravalle-Genoa, A/10 Genoa-Savona-Ventimiglia and A/12 Genoa-Rosignano).  On 23 December 2020, the 
Italian Competition Authority formulated the results of the preliminary investigation, confirming and specifying 
the charges against ASPI.  The Italian Competition Authority, in confirming the rejection of the proposal of 
commitments made in the course of the procedure illustrates the prejudicial aspects of ASPI’s conduct, 
considering that it has demonstrated that the inconveniences caused to users in terms of traffic have not been 
adequately compensated by measures to eliminate/suspend/reduce the toll.

--- Page 86 ---
77 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The Italian Competition Authority considers that the conduct of ASPI has led to a significant deterioration in 
the quality of the service offered and as such constitutes an unfair and aggressive commercial practice. 
With a measure notified on 26 March 2021, the Italian Competition Authority fined ASPI €5 million for unfair 
commercial practices.  With an appeal dated 25 May 2021 brought before the Lazio Regional Administrative 
Court, ASPI requested the cancellation, subject to the adoption of suitable precautionary measures, of the Italian 
Competition Authority’s measure. 
By decree of 24 June 2021, the Regional Administrative Court accepted the request for precautionary measures 
limited to the suspension of the obligation to publish the sanction measure.  However, since it did not consider 
the conditions of extreme seriousness and urgency to be met, it did not rule on the adoption of measures to 
eliminate the existence of the unfair commercial practice. 
In this regard, it must be pointed out that, while noting ASPI’s particular interest in having certainty on an issue 
that is still open to the Italian Competition Authority, such as the request for compliance, the Company cannot 
decide independently on this issue, but only following a necessary agreement with the Ministry of the 
Infrastructures and the Sustainable Mobility and the Transport Regulatory Authority, concerning the criteria for 
determining the tariffs. 
The Regional Administrative Court adjourned the hearing to 23 February 2022 for the discussion of the merits. 
It should be noted that in the meantime, without taking into account the decree of the Regional Administrative 
Court of Lazio (TAR Lazio), the Italian Competition Authority on 20 July 2021 initiated the IP / 346 non-
compliance procedure, deeming the part of the provision in which it ordered the adoption of suitable measures 
to discontinue the commercial practice. 
However, it should be noted that, pending the proceedings, ASPI had already submitted a proposal consisting 
of a series of precise and effective information commitments in favour of the users. 
Discussions were therefore initiated with the Italian Competition Authority to represent in a formal hearing the 
cashback initiative currently being tested and to which it was possible to give impetus only following the formal 
authorisation received from the Ministry on 21 July 2021. 
The Italian Competition Authority, with a provision notified on 6 October 2021, announced that it had approved 
the extension of the deadline for the conclusion of the procedure, which will therefore end on 14 January 2022, 
subsequently postponed to 15 March 2022. 
Given the extension of the deadline, at the hearing held on 23 February 2022, whilst presenting its defence 
arguments, ASPI - in agreement with the Attorney General - requested postponement of the discussion until 
after the conclusion of the pending non-compliance proceedings. The postponement was granted by Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court. 
On 19 May 2022, the Italian Competition Authority notified ASPI the final measure of IP / 346 non-compliance 
procedure. Although the compliance measures proposed by ASPI were considered valid, in particular for the 
cashback initiative, the Italian Competition Authority deemed ASPI’s behavior as a violation of art. 27, 
paragraph 12, of the Italian Consumer Code, by applying a pecuniary administrative sanction equal to Euro 
10,000, equal to the legal minimum. 
After paying the sanction, on 18 July 2022 ASPI requested the cancellation of the final measure with specific 
appeal into the principal administrative judgment brought before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court.  As 
of the date of this Offering Circular, a hearing has not been scheduled yet. 
Transport Regulatory Authority - methodology for quantifying motorway concessionaires’ compensation for 
losses incurred as a result of the Covid-19 health emergency 
On the basis of a specific request from AISCAT, the Ministry of the Infrastructures and Sustainable Mobility 
asked the Transport Regulatory Authority to define a clear and unambiguous methodology to be applied to all 
motorway concessionaires in order to quantify the amount of compensation to be paid by individual 
concessionaires following the losses incurred as a result of the Covid-19 health emergency.

--- Page 87 ---
78 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
In a note dated 4 May 2021, the Transport Regulation Authority acknowledged the above request and, 
subsequently, in a note dated 15 July 2021, provided further clarification on the matter. 
The Transport Regulatory Authority highlighted the need for operators, at the time of each periodic update of 
their financial plans, to formally account for the progressive impact to be recovered for the entire period of the 
state of emergency. 
In this respect, ASPI first included in the current EFP (via use of the tariff component for additional expenses) 
the estimated value to be recovered for the lockdown period from March to June 2020. In addition, the amount 
of the aid to cover the economic effects of the pandemic until December 31, 2021, determined using the criteria 
set out in the notes accompanying the Transport Regulatory Authority’s scheme, was computed, certified by the 
auditor (KPMG) and submitted to the Concession Grantor on 28 April 2022; which in turn, on 8 June 2022, 
delivered to the Transport Regulatory Authority all the documentation relating to the methodologies applied 
and the calculation which will be approved within 120 days from receipt of the documentation. The progressive 
impacts will be recovered at the next periodic review of the EFP. 
Legal action regarding the settlement of claims relating to the contract for the construction of the link 
between the Genoa airport junction on the A10 motorway, Aurelia state highway 1, Cristoforo Colombo 
airport and state highway 35 
In the legal action regarding the settlement of claims brought by Astaldi (formerly CILT) in the mid-1990s 
relating to works along the Polcevera river - awarded to ASPI under a construction-only concession - the 
Supreme Court, in a ruling issued on 17 January 2017, upheld the grounds for appeal raised by ASPI and 
Atlantia, at the time the majority shareholder of the Issuer (and the Astaldi’s grounds for filing a cross-appeal), 
thereby annulling the Court of Appeal’s ruling and the expert consultant’s report that had been the basis for the 
ruling against ASPI. The case was referred back to the Court of Appeal. 
The proceedings resumed by Astaldi before the Court of Appeal of Rome were settled in favour of ASPI and 
Atlantia, with a ruling of 6 October 2021, which reduced the amount due to Astaldi under these claims to €17.9 
million from €47.1 million previously awarded. The Court’s ruling also recognised the right of ASPI and 
Atlantia to be fully indemnified by ANAS for all amounts due (and already paid) to Astaldi. 
On 21 December 2021, ANAS appealed the above ruling of the Court of Appeal dated 6 October 2021, 
requesting that it be overturned. On 14 January 2022, Astaldi filed a cross-appeal, requesting annulment of the 
ruling handed down by the Court of Appeal. ASPI and Atlantia appeared before the court and submitted a 
counter-appeal and a related cross-appeal on 31 January 2022. On 9 March 2022, Astaldi filed a second cross-
appeal, conditional upon the successful outcome of ASPI’s and Atlantia’s cross-appeal. ASPI and Atlantia filed 
a counter-appeal in respect of Astaldi’s second cross-appeal. 
Given that - in execution of the judgements of first and second instance, which as mentioned above were 
annulled by the Supreme Court - ASPI had previously paid Astaldi €47.1 million. Following the Supreme 
Court’s decision, on 17 October 2017, the Company filed an injunction to recover the amounts paid. This 
injunction was opposed by Astaldi and the related proceedings are currently pending before the Court of Appeal 
of Rome, with a hearing scheduled for 15 December 2023.  
Legal challenge filed by the associations AIPE, CONFIMI ABRUZZO and ADUSBEF 
On 27 May 2022, AIPE, CONFIMI ABRUZZO and ADUSBEF filed a legal challenge, accompanied by an 
application for injunctive relief, against the actions and opinions of the public bodies (CIPESS, the Cabinet 
Office, the Ministry of the Economy and Finance, the MIT, the Italian Transport Authority, the NARS, the 
Court of Auditors and the Attorney General) involved in the process that has resulted in signature of the 
agreement entered into by ASPI and the Grantor on 14 October 2021, and formal approval of the Third 
Addendum to the Single Concession Contract.  
The challenge was also brought by the above associations against other parties, namely ASPI, Atlantia, Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti, CDP Equity, Blackstone and Macquarie. 
ASPI immediately intervened in the procedure, filing a defence brief on 17 June 2022. HRA filed separately an 
additional defense brief. The precautionary hearing took place on 22 June 2022, following which the Lazio 
Regional Administration Court ruled against the preliminary motion submitted by the plaintiffs, aimed at

--- Page 88 ---
79 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
obtaining further documentation, and set 11 October 2022 as the date for a public hearing to discuss the merits 
of the challenge. The objections regarding the associations’ locus standi and sufficient interest will also be dealt 
with at that hearing. 
Autostrada Tirrenica - judgment of the Court of Justice of 18 September 2019 and art. 35 of the 
Milleproroghe Decree 
In a ruling dated 18 September 2019, European the Court of Justice set out the proceedings brought by the 
European Commission challenging the extension from 2028 to 2046 that was granted to Società Autostrada 
Tirrenica (“SAT”) under the single concession contract signed on 11 March 2009. 
In particular, the Court of Justice rejected the European Commission’s appeal in which it challenged the 
legitimacy of the extension of the concession for the Cecina-Grosseto and Grosseto-Civitavecchia sections of 
the A12 motorway, thus confirming the legitimacy of the extension to 2046 for these sections.  However, the 
Court upheld the appeal with regard to the Cecina-Livorno section, for which the expiry date was brought back 
to 2028. 
Ahead of the Court of Justice rulings and following the same, SAT confirmed to the Concession Grantor its 
willingness to identify shared solutions that could support mutually beneficial investments, through the 
development of potential intervention scenarios and the determination of concession periods in order to find a 
proactive solution to the issue. 
The Milleproroghe Decree, as converted into law, introduced a law provision stating that Article 9 of Law 
No. 531 of 12 August 1982 has been repealed.  As a result, until 31 October 2028, SAT, pursuant to the Single 
Concession Contract signed on 11 March 2009, will exclusively manage the sections of the A12 Livorno-
Grosseto-Civitavecchia motorway link that were open to traffic on the date of entry into force of Law No. 8 of 
28 February 2020.   
On 14 May 2020, SAT filed a challenge with the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio (TAR Lazio).  SAT 
has requested the court to rule on whether the articles in its single concession contract are still valid and in force, 
subject to granting relief in the form of non-application of art. 35, paragraphs 1 and 1-ter of the Milleproroghe 
Decree, or relief in relation to issues regarding the interpretation of EU law and connected issues relating to 
Italian constitutional law, the validity of the clauses of the Single Concession Contract regulating the concession 
of SAT. 
In particular, the company in the appeal requested, primarily, to ascertain the validity and enforceability of the 
contractual clauses, subject to the disapplication of Article 35(1) and (1b) of the Milleproroghe Decree on the 
ground that they are contrary to a number of constitutional provisions, as well as to the fundamental rules of the 
European law and, in particular, to the principles of legal certainty and legitimate expectations underlying the 
fundamental freedoms enshrined in Articles 49 et seq. and 63 et seq. of the TFEU. 
Alternatively, the application seeks to ascertain the validity and force of the clauses of the Single Concession 
Contract, subject to a preliminary ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union, or to the submission of 
a question of constitutional legitimacy to the Italian Constitutional Court. At the hearing held on 12 January 
2022, at the request of the parties, the court postponed the discussion to a date yet to be determined. 
In this respect, article 2, paragraphs 2-ter and 2-quater of the Legislative Decree 121/2021 (the “Infrastructure 
Decree”), converted into Law 156/2021, established that, in order to reduce the time needed to implement the 
extension project, pending definition of the procedure to revise SAT’s concession, ANAS is authorised to 
purchase the designs drawn up by SAT, subject to payment of a set amount exclusively regarding the design 
costs and intellectual property rights referred to in article 2578 of the Civil Code. In this respect, a government 
grant of €36.5 million has been allocated, subject to verification of the designs by ANAS. 
Moreover, the Budget Law (Law 234 of 30 December 2021) provides for SAT to draw up an updated EFP 
within 30 days of its entry into force, authorising total expenditure of up to €200 million as a grant to ensure the 
feasibility of the EFP for the Concession granted to SAT, and specifying that payment of the grant is subject to 
completion of the approval procedure relating to the agreements. 
On the basis of this new regulatory framework, in a memorandum dated 28 January 2022, SAT sent the 
Concession Grantor a proposal regarding an addendum to the agreement relating to the Concession and an EFP

--- Page 89 ---
80 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
rebalanced to take into account the expiry of the concession on 31 October 2028, together with the related 
annexes. 
Investigation by the Public Prosecutor's Office at the Court of Benevento regarding a call for tenders relating 
to lot 7 for motorway sections of the Cassino VI area office 
On 9 December 2021, the Italian Finance Police (Guardia di Finanza) visited ASPI’s headquarters to serve a 
search and seizure order, issued by the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Benevento, as part of criminal proceedings 
relating to alleged irregularities in a call for tenders issued by ASPI regarding lot 7 for the DT6 motorway 
sections in Cassino. 
Specifically, the proceedings relate to a 24-month framework agreement relating to maintenance works on the 
motorway road surfaces, interchanges and car parks in the area, worth a total of €76.5 million. 
Perusal of the documents available to the Company reveals that two operators were admitted to the bidding 
stage during the above-mentioned tender: Consorzio Argo Scarl, whose bid was judged to be the most 
economically advantageous by the selection committee, and a temporary consortium which was subsequently 
awarded the contract. 
In the relevant proceedings, ASPI’s contract manager, who was in charge of the tender procedure for lot 7, the 
chairman of SAT and ASPI’s head of procurement, among others, are under investigation. 
ASPI’s contract manager and the chairman of SAT were charged with the offences of bribery and obstruction 
of a public tender, as together with the managers of the companies in the temporary consortium, they allegedly 
awarded the contract in return for the future payment of “a sum equal to 0.5% of the total amount of the project, 
namely €360,000 to the chairman of SAT, as well as a further €100,000 to ASPI’s contract manager and another 
unidentified official from ASPI”. 
Regarding this point, it should be noted that perusal of the currently available documents does not reveal any 
objective evidence of the alleged offences, except for an initial bank transfer of €64,128.00, made by one of the 
managers of the temporary consortium to the account of the chairman of SAT “relating to the issue of an invoice 
for objectively non-existent operations (namely, referring to limited legal assistance provided by the person 
under investigation to one of the companies involved)”. 
On the basis of these alleged unlawful agreements, the sole project manager technical unit of the works under 
the responsibility of ASPI’s contract manager, in order to favour the final award of the contract to the temporary 
consortium, allegedly drew up two reports, in the first of which “the Consorzio Argo bid, already judged as 
being the most economically advantageous by the selection committee, was deemed to be irregular pursuant to 
art. 97 of Decree 50/2016, and in the second the temporary consortium's bid was deemed not to be irregular”. 
As a result of their alleged conduct, the chairman of SAT and ASPI’s contract manager were placed under house 
arrest by the local preliminary investigating magistrate. 
In this regard, ASPI - which has been identified by the Public Prosecutor’s Office as an injured party with regard 
to some of the alleged offences - via its own lawyer specifically appointed to protect the Issuer’s interests, 
obtained a copy of the pre-trial detention order issued with respect to the chairman of SAT and ASPI’s contract 
manager. After examination of the documentation, both persons under investigation were suspended from their 
respective posts. 
ASPI’s head of procurement is under investigation as an accomplice, exclusively regarding the offence of 
obstruction of a public tender. 
Subsequently, on 29 December 2021, the Naples Court of Review, upholding the appeal filed by lawyers acting 
for the defendants, annulled the house arrest order and ordered the immediate release of the persons under 
investigation, if their detention was not based on other grounds.  Specifically, the ruling in question, the grounds 
for which were subsequently filed on 27 January 2022, first excluded the jurisdiction of the Court of Benevento 
in favour of the jurisdiction of the Court of Rome. Moreover, with reference to the need for pre-trial detention, 
the Court considered that the risk of tampering with evidence no longer existed, whereas regarding the risk of 
repetition of the offences, the Court deemed that it still theoretically existed (due to the plaintiffs’ interest in 
other contracts, and given the relations between the Chairman of SAT and the businesses concerned), although

--- Page 90 ---
81 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
not a matter of urgency, given: (i) the resignations of the chairman of SAT and ASPI’s contract manager; and 
(ii) ASPI’s “suspension” of the contract awarded to the temporary consortium, regarding which the criminal 
proceedings under examination have been filed. 
In light of above the criminal proceedings is now pending before the Court of Rome and is still under 
investigation. 
Accident on the Acqualonga viaduct on the A16 Naples-Canosa motorway on 28 July 2013 
The trial before a single judge at the Court of Avellino has been completed, with a judgment at first instance 
regarding the accident that occurred on 28 July 2013 on the Acqualonga Viaduct, involving a coach travelling 
on the A16 Naples-Canosa motorway.  The defendants included a total of twelve managers and former managers 
and employees of Autostrade Italia, who were charged with being accessories to culpable multiple manslaughter 
and criminal negligence. 
Specifically, at the hearing held on 11 January 2019, the judge acquitted the defendants who at the time of the 
accident held the roles of Autostrade Italia’s Chief Executive Officer, General Manager for Operations & 
Maintenance, Head of the “Road Surfaces and Safety Barriers” unit, Head of the “Safety Barriers, Laboratories 
and RD” operations unit and the two Coordinators at the VI Section Operations Centre in Cassino not guilty 
pursuant to art. 530, paragraph 1 of the code of criminal procedure, as they were found to be innocent of the 
crime of which they were accused.  Instead, the then managers and heads of operations at the VI Section office 
in Cassino were found guilty. 
The Public Prosecutor and the defendants who were found guilty have lodged appeals.   
At the hearing of 25 February 2021, the General Prosecutor requested the renewal of the examination of nine 
witnesses already heard in the first instance hearing, in addition to the acquisition of certain documents from 
other proceedings.  The lawyer of ASPI, sued as civil liable party, requested a new expert’s report, a new 
examination of the expert witnesses and the acquisition of a new technical report refuting certain technical 
aspects contained in the expert’s report ordered in the first instance proceedings.  The lawyer of the defendants 
of the Direction of the local office made similar requests for renewal and to acquire the correspondence between 
ASPI and MIT regarding the replacement of the Liebig anchor bolts with threaded rods.  Finally, all the 
defendants opposed the requests for renewal made by the General Prosecutor, also requesting a term of defence 
to discuss the documentation whose acquisition was requested, which was only filed during the hearing.   
During the subsequent appeal proceedings, at the hearing of 25 March 2021, the Court, at the end of the council 
chamber (camera di consiglio): 
 
admitted the renewal of the hearing of nine witnesses; 
 
rejected the request for the acquisition of the documentary evidence of the General Prosecutor, including 
the wiretaps authorised within the framework of the criminal proceedings filed at the Court of Genoa 
for the collapse of the Polcevera bridge; 
 
maintained the reservation on further requests for renewal of the defence, subject to the hearing of the 
aforementioned witnesses. 
At the subsequent hearings on 8 April, 6 May and 1 July 2021, only five of the nine witnesses initially indicated 
by the General Prosecutor’s Office were examined, while with regard to the other four, the General Prosecutor 
waived their examination. 
During the hearing on 30 September 2021, further requests for renewal of the trial were discussed by lawyers 
of some of the defendants. 
The Court of Appeal has maintained its reservation on the requests in question, including those formulated 
during the previous hearings, with the exception of that relating to the examination of the expert appointed by 
the Court of Avellino, who will report on the circumstances set out in the documents of appeal. 
At the hearing held on 9 December 2021, documentary evidence was produced by certain defendants, with 
specific regard to certain projects prepared for implementation of the 2008 redevelopment plan.

--- Page 91 ---
82 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
At a subsequent hearing on 3 February 2022, the Court approved: 
 
the request for documentary evidence made by the lawyers of some of ASPI’s defendants; 
 
the examination of a witness, as specifically requested by the lawyer of a defendant who owned a bus 
rental company. 
The hearing was adjourned until 17 March 2022, when the above witness was examined, discussion of the case 
was resumed and the presentation of their cases by the Attorney General, counsel for the civil parties and the 
defendants took place. 
At the hearing on 9 June 2022, the defendants’ spontaneous statements began, which will be concluded in the 
following hearing on 17 November 2022. The hearings of 15 December 2022, 12 January and 26 January 2023, 
9 February 2023 have already been scheduled, respectively for the indictment of the Attorney General, the 
conclusions of the civil parties, and the decision of the Court of Appeal of Naples. 
Investigation by the Prato Public Prosecutor’s office of a fatal accident to a worker employed by Amplia 
Infrastructures 
On 27 August 2014, an employee of Amplia Infrastructures S.p.A. – the company contracted by Autostrade 
Italia to carry out work on a section of carriageway on the A1 – was involved in a fatal accident whilst at work.  
In response, the Prato Public Prosecutor’s office has brought criminal charges against, among other people, 
Autostrade Italia’s sole project manager, who is charged with reckless homicide due to the violation of 
occupational health and safety regulations. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular the trial is in progress.   
Claim for damages from the Italian Ministry of Environment 
A criminal case is pending before the Supreme Court, following the per saltum appeal filed by the Florence 
Public Prosecutor’s office against the judgment issued by the Court of Florence, acquitting Autostrade Italia’s 
Joint General Manager for Network Development and Project Manager, as the court ruled that “there was no 
case to answer”. 
The criminal case regards alleged violations of environmental laws relating to the excavation work during 
construction of the Variante di Valico (offences provided for and punished in accordance with art. 260, 
“organised trafficking in waste”, in relation to art. 186, paragraph 5 “use of soil and rocks from excavation work 
as by-products and not as waste” in the Consolidated Law on the Environment no. 152/06; art. 256, 
paragraph 1(a) and (b) “unauthorised management of waste” and the paragraph three, “fly tipping” of the 
Consolidated Law). 
The hearing originally scheduled on 9 June 2020 has been postponed to 19 January 2021, as a result of the 
urgent measures adopted by the Italian Government to contain the Covid-19 pandemic. 
At the outcome of the above-mentioned hearing, the Court of Cassation, accepting the appeal “per saltum”, 
annulled the acquittal sentence and referred the case back to the Court of Appeal of Florence for a new trial. 
Finally, on 15 March 2021, the explanatory findings of the judgment were filed.  More specifically, the Supreme 
Court has set the following principles that the Court of Appeal will have to follow in carrying out its 
assessments: 
 
the Court of Appeal will have to examine all the complex technical assessments performed on the 
excavated materials by personnel of the Tuscany regional agency for the protection of the environment 
(Agenzia Regionale per la Protezione dell’Ambiente – ARPA), which was not used by the Court in the 
first instance judgment, on the basis that ARPA personnel is entrusted with investigative powers even 
in the absence of an express delegation by the Public Prosecutor.  It should be noted that even these 
investigations are not dissimilar, as far as the technical / scientific content is concerned, from those 
carried out by ARPA personnel on the same materials, transferred to the trial file and on the basis of 
which the Court acquitted the defendants from the allegation on the basis that “the fact does not exist”

--- Page 92 ---
83 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
because such materials do not overcome the legal parameters (columns A and B, table I, annex 5, part 
IV of Legislative Decree 152/2006, Consolidated Environmental Law); 
 
on the application of the statute of limitations with respect to the crime of illegal landfill, the Supreme 
Court has established that such crime also encompasses the so-called post-operative phase, a phase that 
can end, among others, with the first instance sentence.  Therefore, the limitation period starts from that 
last moment, with the consequence that the alleged crime would be barred in October 2022 (5 years 
from the cessation of the alleged unlawful conduct); 
 
on the rules applicable to excavation rocks and by-products, the Supreme Court recognises the 
correctness of the logical argumentative path followed by the Court in considering the regulatory 
evolution in this particular area.  In particular, the Supreme Court recognised the possibility of 
qualifying lime stabilisation as a “normal industrial practice” allowed on excavation rocks and by-
products to give compactness to excavation rocks for their reuse.  Although having recalled that ASPI 
had obtained the administrative documents necessary for the management of the excavation rocks and 
by-products, the Supreme Court referred to the Court of Appeal to verify case by case the effective and 
correct use of such excavation rocks and by-products and the absence of the alleged contamination and 
environmental damage, in accordance with the authorisations received. 
The trial before the Court of Appeal of Florence started on 8 July 2022 but at that time flaws were found in 
some notifications that led to the postponement of the first hearing to 2 December 2022.. 
Investigation by the Ancona Public Prosecutor’s office following the collapse of the motorway bridge on the 
SP10 crossing the A14 Bologna-Taranto motorway 
On 9 March 2017, the collapse of a bridge on the SP10, as it crosses the A14 motorway at km 235+794, caused 
the deaths of the driver and a passenger in a car and injuries to three employees of a sub-contractor of Amplia 
Infrastructures S.p.A., to which Autostrade Italia had previously awarded the contract for the widening to three 
lanes of the Rimini North–Porto Sant’Elpidio section of the A14 Bologna-Bari-Taranto motorway.  Criminal 
proceedings have been brought regarding the offences provided for and punished by Articles 113, 434, 
paragraph 2, and 449 of the criminal code (“culpable collapse”), 113 and 589, last paragraph, of the Italian 
Criminal Code (“multiple negligent homicide”), 113 and 589-bis, paragraph 1, and the last paragraph of the 
criminal code, (“homicide”) and article 590 (“negligent injuries”), against the Client, the three sole project 
managers who have been in charge through the period for completing the works, the director and the operations 
manager of the Pescara VII area office and the head of Autostrade Italia’s tender management department, as 
well as Autostrade Italia pursuant to art. 25-septies of Legislative Decree 231/2001 (“culpable homicide or 
grievous or very grievous bodily harm resulting from breaches of occupational health and safety regulations”). 
On 7 October 2019, the preliminary investigating magistrate dismissed the charges against four of Autostrade 
Italia’s managers:  the principal, the director and the head of operations at the Pescara VII area office and the 
head of the tender management department. 
The criminal proceedings thus continued  only against the three Autostrade Italia project managers and against 
the Company pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001. 
At the hearing held on 7 June 2022, the Judge acknowledged the occurrence of the conditions set out in art. 17 
of D.Lgs. n. 231/2001 (full compensation of the damage; adoption and implementation of a model of 
organization, management and control; provision of profit for the purpose of confiscation) to exclude the 
application of interdictive sanctions against ASPI, Amplia Infrastructures and SPEA. All the witnesses 
requested by the parties were also admitted. It was then declared the opening of the trial with the first scheduled 
hearing on 13 September 2022 for the examination of the first two witnesses requested by the Public Prosecutor. 
It is important to underline that, for the sole purpose of avoiding the application of disqualification measures in 
the event of a conviction, ASPI during the trial underlined that ASPI satisfied all the conditions provided for by 
art. 17 (“reparation for the consequences of the crime”) of the Decree 231/2001: ASPI compensated all the 
offended persons; ASPI adopted an effective Model 231; ASPI made available an amount of Euro 120.000 for 
the confiscation. 
At the date of this Offering Circular, the proceedings are still pending.

--- Page 93 ---
84 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Investigation by the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Genoa concerning the dismantling of the panels of the 
noise barriers installed on the urban section of the A7 and A10 motorways 
Following the investigation opened in December 2019 by the Public Prosecutor’s Office of Genoa on the alleged 
dangerousness of the integrated safety and noise barriers model “Integautos”, the competent Directorate of the 
I Section of ASPI took steps to remove on several Ligurian sections, including the A7 and the A10, part of the 
soundproofing structures. 
In the meantime, pending approval of the projects aimed at upgrading the barriers in question, the dismantled 
panels, which were intended to mitigate traffic noise towards neighbouring homes, have not yet been replaced. 
Hence the further and independent investigation, which stems from the complaints submitted by the inhabitants 
of the sections under investigation and involves the then Head of Operations of the 1st Section Management of 
Autostrade Italia for the offences of disturbing the occupation or rest of persons and dangerous throwing of 
things. 
At the date of this Offering Circular the investigations are still pending. 
Proceedings involving Autostrade Italia and Craft S.r.l. and Alessandro Patané 
Summoning by ANAS S.p.A. in the lawsuit against Alessandro Patanè 
By writ dated 13 October 2020, ANAS S.p.A. summoned both ASPI and Movyon to appear in the proceedings 
brought against it and the Ministry of the Interior by Alessandro Patané.  In this case, Patané is requesting 
confirmation of the defendants’ unlawful exploitation of the SICVe (Vergilius) system and related software, 
with a consequent claim for pecuniary and non-pecuniary damages (the former amounting to approximately 
€21 million). 
ANAS joined the proceedings, summoning ASPI and Movyon to be indemnified and held harmless. The 
Ministry of Interior failed to appear in the proceeding. 
ANAS, ASPI and Movyon filed a motion to suspend the proceedings due to the fact that the proceedings at the 
Court of Appeal of Rome are pending with Patané, regarding the ownership of the software, and with CRAFT, 
regarding the infringement. 
At the hearing of 15 September 2021 the judge suspended the judgment pending the conclusion of both the 
judgment with Patanè, pending before the Rome Court of Appeal regarding ownership of the software, and that 
with Craft, pending before the Rome Board of Directors regarding infringement. 
Proceeding before the Court of Appeal of Rome - ASPI and Movyon v. Alessandro Patanè 
With judgment no. 120/2019, the Court of Rome dismissed Patané’s claim for a declaration of groundlessness 
in respect of the SICVe software, on the grounds that the ownership of such software had not been proved.  The 
Court also rejected Patané’s counterclaim.  ASPI and Movyon appealed against the judgment before the Court 
of Appeal of Rome. 
At a hearing held on 15 June 2021, Patané filed a new suit of forgery (querela di falso) against the documents 
filed by ASPI and Movyon. The court ruled that the action was inadmissible and adjourned the hearing until 10 
May 2022 for a clarification of the pleadings. 
At the date of this Offering Circular, the case is withheld for decision. 
Proceeding before the Court of Appeal of Rome - ASPI v. CRAFT 
In judgment No. 21405 of 14 August 2019, the Supreme Court, in upholding Autostrade Italia’s appeal, quashed 
the judgment issued by the Court of Appeal in Rome in 2018.  The Supreme Court deemed the Court of Appeal’s 
decision regarding the infringement of the plaintiff’s patent to be based on erroneous criteria, and has requested 
the Court of Appeal in Rome to hear the case again, applying the legal principle indicated by the Supreme Court.  
The Italian Supreme Court decided that Craft’s cross-appeal had lapsed.

--- Page 94 ---
85 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
As a result of the Italian Supreme Court judgment, all the actions required under the Appeal Court ruling are 
inapplicable. 
Autostrade Italia has reopened the case before the Court of Appeal in Rome which, on 19 February 2020, 
reserved judgment. 
In the proceedings resumed by ASPI before the Court of Appeal of Rome following the referral ordered by the 
Court of Cassation with sentence 21405/2019, the Court, on 13 April 2021, published sentence no. 2658 
whereby it rejected in full the appeal brought by CRAFT against sentence no. 10887/2009 of the Court of Rome, 
sanctioning the difference between the vehicle detection devices, for the purposes of calculating the average 
speed, of CRAFT and ASPI 
CRAFT appealed to the Court of Cassation and ASPI has constituted itself. 
The Court also ordered CRAFT to pay ASPI the legal costs of all previous instances for a total amount of Euro 
93,601.49.  As a result, it should also repay the legal fees it received in execution of the 2018 judgment of the 
Court of Appeal of Rome, totalling Euro 80,468.95. 
CRAFT and ASPI have agreed on an instalment plan for the amounts to be recovered. 
Tax disputes regarding ground tax and ground rent (TOSAP and COSAP) 
In recent years, city councils and provincial authorities notified Autostrade Italia of numerous demands for the 
payment of considerable sums in the form of ground tax (Tassa per l’Occupazione di Spazi ed Aree Pubbliche 
or TOSAP) and ground rent (Canone per l’Occupazione di Spazi ed Aree Pubbliche or COSAP) now called the 
Single Property Tax (Canone Unico Patrimoniale or CUP) with effect from the 2021 tax year.  The levies are 
allegedly payable in return for the occupation of public land owned by the relevant councils and provincial 
authorities by motorway infrastructure (road bridges, viaducts and underpasses, etc.).  Assessment proceedings 
by the local authorities were further intensified following a number of judgments handed down by the Supreme 
Court, which found against the Company.  As the Company is not in agreement with the basis for the judgments, 
the relevant demands have been appealed and provisions have been made to cover the sums involved in “Other 
provisions for risks and charges”.  Recent judgments on the merits have found in the company’s favour, ignoring 
the rulings of the Supreme Court. 
With judgment no. 8628 of 7 May 2020, the United Sections of the Supreme Court ruled on the matter, partially 
overcoming the guidelines previously expressed and stating that the parties holding a municipal/provincial 
concession are required to pay the tax, regardless of who derives economic benefit from the exploitation of the 
property.  Consequently, the TOSAP should not be applied to occupations carried out by means of motorway 
infrastructures, since they are works built and managed on the basis of a concession granted by the State and 
not by the local authority. 
Recently, the Supreme Court has again intervened on the matter, with judgment no. 16395 of 10 June 2021, and 
then with orders 365-378-508-509/2022, brought against operators, stating that: (i) the occupation of land 
without a local authority concession must be considered “unlawful”, regardless of whether or not the land has 
been occupied in order to build infrastructure of interest to the state, and (ii) COSAP is payable by the entity 
receiving an economic benefit from use of the asset occupying municipally or provincially owned land, 
regardless of whether or not the public land has been rendered inaccessible for collective use. 
Given the importance of this issue for all motorway operators, AISCAT has entered into talks with the Ministry 
of Sustainable Infrastructure and Mobility, in order to clarify that occupation of the land cannot be considered 
"abusive" as the right to build and operate motorway infrastructure is granted by the State via the award of a 
specific concession and by virtue of the law.  
Litigation concerning Società Italiana per il Traforo del Monte Bianco (SITMB) 
With reference to the SITMB Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of October 2017, at which an amendment 
was made to the Articles of Association concerning the “statutory reserves” and the distribution of the “retained 
earnings” allocated therein by previous Shareholders’ Meetings, the shareholder ANAS, in disagreement with 
both the amendment to the articles of association, which set out the criteria for the distribution of those profits,

--- Page 95 ---
86 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
after voting against both resolutions, brought an action against SITMB requesting the annulment of the 
resolutions. 
In the course of the subsequent hearings and following the judge’s exhortations to find a settlement agreement 
for the disputes, having failed, despite the attempts made by SITMB, to reach a settlement of the dispute, the 
panel of judges of the Court of Turin - Civil Division 1 of the Companies, in judgment no. 231/2021 published 
on 18 January 2021, on the one hand dismissed ANAS’s appeal against the resolution of the Extraordinary 
Shareholders’ Meeting of 24 October 2017 relating to the amendments to Articles 13 and 20 of the company’s 
articles of association and, on the other hand, annulled the resolution of the Company’s Ordinary Shareholders’ 
Meeting of 24 October 2017 relating to the distribution of retained earnings and ordered the Company to pay 
ANAS the sum of €28,136, plus CPA and VAT, by way of reimbursement of 50% of the costs of the 
proceedings. 
On 16 July 2021, SITMB gave a mandate to appeal against the decision of the panel of judges, concerning the 
annulment of the distribution of retained earnings and the order to pay the costs of the proceedings.  Also on 
16 July 2021, SITMB’s lawyer received notification of an independent notice of appeal brought by ANAS, 
which challenged the judgment on the grounds that it held that the appeal against the resolution of the 
extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of 24 October 2017 concerning the 2017 amendment of articles 13 and 20 
of the articles of association was unfounded.  Moreover, with regard to two further disputes concerning the 
challenge of the 2018 and 2019 financial statements, the Court of Turin, with two separate orders of 19 July 
2021, with a view to pursuing a settlement of the disputes has ordered the trial of the mediation procedure during 
the course of the proceedings (so-called mediation delegated by the Judge), assigning the parties a deadline of 
15 days to submit the mediation request before an appointed body and inviting them to take, in that occasion, a 
precise conciliatory position and to devote their best efforts to ensure a positive outcome. 
In compliance with the requests contained in the July 2021 orders issued by the examining magistrate in the two 
legal actions challenging the financial statements, ANAS filed for mediation before the mediation body of the 
Turin Bar Association. The request for mediation submitted by ANAS is broader in scope than the legal actions 
in which it was delegated by the court and covers all disputes between ANAS and SITMB. 
ANAS has voluntarily extended the scope of mediation to include not only the two legal actions challenging the 
financial statements (for 2018 and 2019) but also: (i) the legal action relating to the resolutions of 27 October 
2017 regarding the distribution of profits and amendments to the Articles of Association currently pending 
before the Court of Appeal; and (ii) the challenge to the resolution approving the 2020 financial statements, 
which has not yet been proposed.  
SITMB participated in the mediation, which continued after the first meeting and is now pending. The parties 
have taken the first steps to determine whether the conditions are in place to reach a comprehensive and total 
settlement of their disputes through mediation. On 19 July 2022, a mediation hearing was held and a subsequent 
hearing was scheduled for 26 September 2022. 
Class action launched by certain Councilors of the Liguria Region 
On 25 March 2022, ASPI learned from the press that the Councilors of the Liguria Region Ferruccio Sansa and 
Roberto Cenci have activated a class action pursuant to articles 840-bis and following of the Italian civil 
procedure code before the Court of Rome, aimed at obtaining the alleged compensation for the image, economic 
and social damage suffered by the residents of the Liguria Region due to the collapse of the Polcevera bridge 
and the consequent construction sites installed for maintenance activities on the network. 
The nature of the action is represented on the website created by the Councilor Sansa and an invitation is 
addressed to Ligurian residents to join, with an allegation of the appeal and an appraisal that would have 
quantified the damage in approximately Euro 3,000 for each resident of the Liguria Region who will adhere to 
the action during the proceedings. 
On 4 July 2022, the applicants notified ASPI of the appeal, together with the decree that ordered the 
postponement of the first hearing to 14 October 2022. 
At the date of this Offering Circular, the extent of the class action brought was not communicated to the Issuer, 
nor therefore the amount of the compensation claim. However, even if the class action is ruled to be admissible,

--- Page 96 ---
87 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
it should be noted that Autostrade Italia has already put in place a series of initiatives to mitigate traffic problems 
for the citizens of the Liguria region, such as example, exemption from paying the toll on various Ligurian 
motorway sections, as well as the adoption of cashback for inconveniences deriving from construction sites. 
Recent developments 
Effectiveness of Settlement Agreement, EFP and Third Addendum 
Following the collapse of a section of the Polcevera Bridge on the A10 motorway in Genoa, Italy, which 
occurred on 14 August 2018 causing the deaths of 43 people, the Concession Grantor initiated a procedure 
alleging Autostrade Italia’s serious breach of the Single Concession Contract (the “Procedure”). Despite 
ASPI’s belief that such Procedure was groundless, Autostrade Italia, with notes dated 11, 13, 14 and 15 July 
2020, the latter two signed jointly with Atlantia (which was then the majority shareholder of ASPI), 
communicated its proposal to the Italian Government. In such proposal Atlantia expressed its willingness, inter 
alia, to proceed with the disposal of its entire stake in ASPI to a state-controlled entity. The proposed disposal 
was subject to the agreement on the conclusion of such procedure, which needed to include the definition of 
ASPI’s regulatory and tariff framework, through the execution of a new addendum to the Single Concession 
Contract, including a new EFP.  In response, on 15 July 2020, the Italian Government announced that, in view 
of the proposed settlement, it “has decided to begin the settlement process as provided for by law, without 
prejudice to the fact that the right to revoke the concession will only be waived once the settlement agreement 
has been finalised” (the “Settlement Process”). 
Following such announcement, ASPI and the Concession Grantor discussed the terms of a settlement agreement 
for the closure of the Procedure (the “Settlement Agreement”), which included a €3.4 billion compensation 
relating to the Polcevera Bridge Collapse in the form of support for the people of Genoa, toll discounts and 
additional works, as well as the third addendum to the Single Concession Contract (the “Third Addendum”).  
In addition, ASPI prepared revised versions of the EFP. 
In the context of such interactions, ASPI held discussions with the representatives of the Italian Government 
and with the local authorities of the Liguria Region (the Region, the Municipality of Genoa and the Harbour 
Authority) in connection with the Settlement Agreement.  Upon demand of the local authorities, which have 
been significantly impacted by the Polcevera Bridge Collapse, on 1 October 2021 the Issuer requested the 
Concession Grantor and to the administrations involved to concentrate the compensation measures envisaged 
in the Settlement Agreement in the area of the Liguria Region, by redistributing their destination – as envisaged 
under the agreement itself – in order to identify the best public interest in their utilisation. 
On 14 October 2021, the Issuer and the MIT entered into the Settlement Agreement providing for the closure 
of the Procedure, which took up the above mentioned measures required by the affected local authorities of the 
Liguria Region, object of a specific agreement entered into on the same date by ASPI and the same local 
authorities. 
The Settlement Agreement confirmed the overall €3.4 billion compensation due by the Issuer while modifying 
the split of the compensation in order to provide €1.4 billion for initiatives benefitting the local community in 
Liguria, including:  (i) the construction of a tunnel under the port of Genoa and of a tunnel improving the road 
network in the Fontanabuona valley in the Province of Genoa; (ii) delivery of mobility, logistics and digital 
projects in the Genoa area; (iii) initiatives benefitting the port of Genoa; and (iv) compensation payable to 
residents of the properties located beneath the Bisagno Viaduct (located in Genoa). 
The Settlement Agreement satisfies all claims for compensation claimed by the Concession Grantor against the 
Issuer, as well as the claims of the local authorities in Liguria. 
On 17 March 2022, the Court of Auditors announced that it had validated the decision of the MIT to approve 
the Settlement Agreement between the MIT and Autostrade Italia and the CIPESS determination containing its 
opinion on the Third Addendum and the related EFP. 
On 21 March 2022, ASPI and the MIT signed the Third Addendum (with the related annexes, including the 
EFP), which was then formally approved via a joint decree issued by the MIT, in agreement with the MEF, on 
23 March 2022. The latter was filed with the Court of Auditors on 29 March 2022 and thus became effective 
from that date. Following the satisfaction of the remaining conditions precedent to the Acquisition (as defined

--- Page 97 ---
88 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
below), the Third Addendum and the new EFP for the period 2020-2024 became effective, providing the 
regulatory and legislative certainty enabling Autostrade Italia to allocate over €20 billion for investment and 
maintenance of the Autostrade Italia Network through to 2038. 
Changes in Shareholding Structure of ASPI 
On 12 June 2021, a consortium comprising CDP Equity S.p.A. (a subsidiary of CDP), The Blackstone Group 
International Partners LLP and Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 6 SCSP (the “Consortium”) entered 
into a share purchase agreement (the “SPA”) for the acquisition of the entire shareholding held in Autostrade 
Italia by Atlantia (the “Acquisition”).   
Following the satisfaction of the applicable conditions precedent set out in the SPA, on 5 May 2022 Atlantia 
and the Consortium completed the Acquisition. For information on the current shareholding structure of ASPI, 
see “Shareholders”. 
Consent solicitation on certain series of existing Notes issued by ASPI 
On 20 October 2021, the Issuer announced invitations to holders of the outstanding notes listed in the table 
below to consent to the release of the guarantee issued by Atlantia in respect of such notes and the modifications 
of the terms and conditions of each series by approving an extraordinary resolution of the holders of such series 
(such invitations in respect of the affected series, the “Consent Solicitation”).  The Consent Solicitation is being 
carried out in connection with the Acquisition.  For additional information, see “ – Changes in Shareholding 
Structure of ASPI”. 
Description of the Notes 
Maturity Date 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
Outstanding 
Coupon per 
annum 
£500,000,000 6.25 per cent.  Notes due 
2022 
9 June 2022 
XS0193942124 
£500,000,000 
6.250 per cent. 
€1,000,000,000 5.875 per cent.  Notes due 
2024 
9 June 2024 
XS0193945655 
€1,000,000,000 
5.875 per cent. 
€500,000,000 Senior Guaranteed Notes due 
2025 
16 September 2025 
XS0542534192 
€500,000,000 
4.375 per cent. 
€135,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior 
Guaranteed Notes due 2 April 2032 
2 April 2032 
XS0761524205 
€135,000,000 
0 per cent. 
€35,000,000 4.800 per cent.  Senior Notes 
due 9 June 2032 
9 June 2032 
XS0789521480 
€35,000,000 
4.800 per cent. 
€75,000,000 3.750 per cent.  Senior Notes 
due 9 June 2033 
9 June 2033 
XS0928529899 
€75,000,000 
3.750 per cent. 
€125,000,000 3.24 per cent.  Senior Notes 
due 10 June 2034 
10 June 2034 
XS1075052024 
€125,000,000 
3.240 per cent. 
€75,000,000 3.625 per cent.  Senior Notes 
due 9 June 2038 
9 June 2038 
XS1024746353 
€75,000,000 
3.625 per cent. 
¥20,000,000,000 Fixed Rate Notes due 
10 December 2038 
10 December 2038 
XS0468468854 
¥20,000,000,000 
2.730 per cent. 
In respect of the Consent Solicitation, the separate meetings of holders of the affected series of notes, held on 
22 November 2021, approved, respectively, the proposed resolutions above.  
On 5 May 2022, concurrently with the completion of the Acquisition, the Issuer, Atlantia, the Trustee and the 
Paying Agent entered into the supplemental trust deeds and supplemental agency agreements implementing the 
noteholders’ meeting resolutions, resulting in the release of the guarantee issued by Atlantia in respect of such 
notes. See also “ – Changes in Shareholding Structure of ASPI” and “Shareholders”. 
2022 Tariff decisions 
On 31 December 2021, the Concession Grantor announced that “the tolls applied on the motorways operated 
by companies whose concession arrangements are being updated/revised are also confirmed for 2022. Any 
increase will be applied exclusively to the newly drawn up contracts, which will implement the tariff framework 
laid down by the Transport Regulatory Authority”. As a result, no tariff increase was granted to ASPI and the 
other Motorway Companies, except for Società Italiana per Azioni per il Traforo del Monte Bianco, which 
operates under a different regulatory regime, the Intergovernmental Committee for the Mont Blanc Tunnel 
awarded a toll increase of 2.87% for 2022. This is based on the average of the inflation rates registered in Italy

--- Page 98 ---
89 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
and France from September 2020 to August 2021, plus 0.95% linked to the extraordinary increase for the Frejus 
Tunnel and also applied to Traforo del Monte Bianco. For additional information, see “Regulatory”. 
Handover of Concession held by Autostrade Meridionali 
The Concession for the operation of the A3 Naples-Pompei-Salerno highway held by Autostrade Meridionali 
expired on 31 December 2012, but upon request of the Concession Grantor, Autostrade Meridionali carried on 
the ordinary management of the relevant Concession whilst awaiting the transfer of the Concession to a new 
operator. On 4 February 2020, the Concession Grantor announced that the concession for the A3 Naples-
Pompei-Salerno motorway had been provisionally awarded to the SIS consortium.   
Following the determination of the takeover right payment by the incoming operator, with effect from 1 April 
2022 Autostrade Meridionali ceased to operate the Concession for the A3 Naples-Pompei-Salerno highway, 
which was handed over to the new operator. At the same time, Autostrade Meridionali received a part of the 
takeover right payment, equal to €410 million, while the remaining amount will be paid by the MIT within 30 
days of the filing of the Interministerial Decree approving the determination of the takeover right with the Court 
of Auditors, occurred on 29 June 2022. On 18 July 2022 Autostrade Meridionali and the MIT agreed on the 
final takeover right payment, set at €443 million. The outstanding amount due, equal to €33 million, will be 
paid following completion of certain administrative steps by the MIT.  
Credit Rating Actions in 2022 
On 6 April 2022, the rating agency Moody’s has upgraded Autostrade Italia’s credit rating to “Ba1” / positive 
outlook (from “Ba2” / review for upgrade). 
On 10 May 2022, Fitch Ratings, following completion of the Acquisition, removed the Rating Watch Positive 
and affirmed Autostrade Italia’s “BB+” credit rating assigning a Positive Outlook to the rating. 
On 7 June 2022, the rating agency S&P Global Ratings, following completion of the Acquisition, has upgraded 
Autostrade Italia credit rating to ‘BBB-’. The rating has returned to investment grade and the outlook assigned 
is positive.  
On 27 October 2022, Fitch Ratings has upgraded Autostrade Italia’s credit rating to “BBB” from “BB+” and 
affirmed Autostrade Italia’s “BBB” credit rating has returned to Investment Grade and the outlook assigned is 
Stable. 
On 8 November 2022, the rating agency Moody’s has upgraded Autostrade Italia’s credit rating to “Baa3” / 
positive outlook from “Ba1” /positive outlook. 
Sustainability Ratings 
On 23 February 2022, Moody’s ESG Solutions assigned to the Group an A2 (‘Robust’) Sustainability Rating, 
affirming the solid efforts and capacity for incorporating ESG factors into the Group’s strategy and operations. 
The Sustainability Rating is supported by a number of factors including the planned investments during the 
2020-2024 period, which are expected to enable a major upgrade of the Autostrade Italia Network, thereby 
paving the way to reduce its environmental impact in terms of emissions, noise and light pollution. 
Moody’s ESG Solutions rating assignment considers also the investment in major works put in place by the 
Group as a key driver to remove bottlenecks on the key sections of the network (including the Bologna by-pass), 
its plan to install 100 fast-charging stations for electric vehicles along the highway network for a total investment 
of €70 million, and the Group’s newly-established Elgea, newco for generating renewable energy by installing 
photovoltaic panels alongside the network. 
Autostrade Italia also achieved its highest scores in both the “Human Capital” and “Social” areas in which the 
company has realized important objectives. 
In addition, on 9 September 2022, Science Based Targets Initiative validated the Company’s greenhouse gas 
reduction targets with reference to scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. In this regard, Autostrade Italia’s targets are 
the following:

--- Page 99 ---
90 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
reducing the Group’s our absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 67.8% by 2030 as 
compared with 2019 levels; 
 
reducing scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions (other indirect emissions) by 52% for every million euros 
invested in modernisation of the network operated under concession, and reducing scope 3 emissions 
from goods and services purchased for use in Amplia Infrastructures’ non-captive construction business 
by 55% as compared with 2019 levels. 
 
Covid-19 impacts on traffic volumes 
The global spread of the Covid-19 virus around the world since February 2020, and the Italian Government’s 
resulting declaration of a health emergency, have limited or halted activity in many sectors of the economy and 
led to the imposition of quarantine measures or, in any event, restrictions on movement.  These measures have 
had a major negative impact on traffic throughout the Italian Group Network. 
Following the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Italian economy contracted sharply during 2020 and 
entered a new recession.  In 2021 GDP recovered, although it remains below the levels reached before the 
COvid-19 pandemic. 
The following table shows weekly traffic figures from the beginning of 2022 until the most recently available 
data in 2022, compared with the corresponding period in 2021 and in 2019, for the Autostrade Italia Network: 
Toll Roads (% ch. in Km travelled) 
Autostrade Italia Network 
 
 
 
 
 
(Preliminary figures subject to 
update) 
 
 
Change vs equivalent week 
of 2021 
Change vs equivalent week of 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Year to date  
(1/1/2022 to 30/11/2022) 
 
 
9.9% 
-2.0% 
week 49 
 
 
-4.1% 
-6.6% 
week 48 
 
 
0.0% 
-1.8% 
week 47 
 
 
-1.4% 
0.2% 
week 46 
 
 
4.3% 
5.2% 
week 45 
 
 
1.5% 
2.2% 
week 44 
 
 
1.8% 
2.6% 
week 43 
 
 
-2.6% 
-3.3% 
week 42 
 
 
-0.6% 
1.3% 
week 41 
 
 
0.8% 
-1.3% 
week 40 
 
 
-1.4% 
-0.6% 
week 39 
 
 
-1.8% 
-0.9% 
week 38 
 
 
0.8% 
3.0% 
week 37 
 
 
-1.2% 
5.2% 
week 36 
 
 
-2.4% 
6.3% 
week 35 
 
 
-2.1% 
3.2% 
week 34 
 
 
-5.9% 
-1.5% 
week 33 
 
 
2.0% 
7.0% 
week 32 
 
 
-2.5% 
2.4% 
week 31 
 
 
-1.0% 
-0.7% 
week 30 
 
 
-0.5% 
-0.7% 
week 29 
 
 
0.5% 
-1.0% 
week 28 
 
 
0.7% 
-4.7% 
week 27 
 
 
0.1% 
-2.1% 
week 26 
 
 
1.7% 
-4.5% 
week 25 
 
 
6.9% 
-2.1% 
week 24 
 
 
9.0% 
-2.3% 
week 23 
 
 
11.7% 
3.1% 
week 22 
 
 
7.3% 
-1.0% 
week 21 
 
 
10.0% 
1.9% 
week 20 
 
 
13.9% 
2.5% 
week 19 
 
 
8.2% 
-3.3% 
week 18 
 
 
19.6% 
5.0%

--- Page 100 ---
91 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
week 17 
 
 
55.5% 
-6.1% 
week 16 
 
 
55.1% 
-7.6% 
week 15 
 
 
47.8% 
-6.3% 
week 14 
 
 
35.0% 
-10.6% 
week 13 
 
 
41.9% 
-9.3% 
week 12 
 
 
44.7% 
-11.6% 
week 11 
 
 
36.7% 
-8.9% 
week 10 
 
 
35.9% 
-4.5% 
week 9 
 
 
25.0% 
-5.4% 
week 8 
 
 
18.5% 
-5.9% 
week 7 
 
 
18.0% 
-7.1% 
week 6 
 
 
11.9% 
-7.7% 
week 5 
 
 
19.3% 
-1.3% 
week 4 
 
 
20.9% 
-9.5% 
week 3 
 
 
15.8% 
-13.6% 
week 2 
 
 
62.7% 
-3.4%

--- Page 101 ---
92 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
REGULATORY 
The Group’s core business is heavily regulated under EU and Italian law and this may affect the Group’s 
operating profit or the way it conducts business.  Although this summary contains all the information that the 
Issuer considers material in the context of the issue of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable 
laws and regulations.  Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the 
legislation and regulations applicable to the Group and of the impact they may have on the Group and any 
investment in the Notes and should not rely on this summary only. 
Introduction 
The Italian toll road sector is governed by a series of laws, ministerial decrees, resolutions of the Italian 
Interministerial Committee for Economic Planning and Sustainable Development (Comitato Interministeriale 
per la Programmazione Economica e lo Sviluppo Sostenibile) (“CIPESS”), which have been issued and 
amended over time, and resolutions of the Transport Regulatory Authority, as well as generally applicable laws 
and special legislation, such as the road traffic code.  In turn, such laws must comply with, and are subject to, 
EU laws and regulations applicable either during the award/renewal phase of the concessions or during the life 
of the concessions.  Motorway concessionaires must operate pursuant to this regulatory framework, as well as 
pursuant to the concession agreements entered into by the concessionaires and the Concession Grantor. 
In accordance with the European Directive 23/2014 and the Legislative Decree 50/2016, concessions are 
awarded by public tender and have a limited duration estimated on the basis of the construction and/or operation 
services requested to the operator. 
As a result, at the end of the concession term, the operator has an obligation to hand over all the motorway 
infrastructure built (the “reversible assets”) to the Concession Grantor.  
The motorway sections and the related infrastructure which are the subject of the Concession are required to be 
transferred without compensation unless the Concession arrangement provide for the right to receive a sum 
based on the so-called “takeover value” and in good state of repair to the Concession Grantor upon the expiry 
date of the concession. 
The Italian Group Network is operated under five motorway Concessions, as per the following table listing the 
Concessions held by the Group’s Italian Motorway Companies as at 30 June 2022, specifying the expiry date 
and the number of kilometres granted under each Concession: 
 
Section of motorway 
Kilometres under 
concession 
 
Expiry date 
Autostrade per l’Italia 
See “Business Descprition of the Group 
- The Italian Group Network” 
2854.6 
 
2038 
Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta 
A5 Aosta – Mont Blanc 
32.3 
 
2032 
Tangenziale di Napoli 
Naples ring road 
20.2  
2037 
Autostrada Tirrenica 
A12 Livorno – Civitavecchia 
54.8  
202811 
Società Italiana per azioni per il Traforo 
del Monte Bianco 
Mont Blanc tunnel 
5.8  
2050 
The concession relationship is governed by an arrangement between the Concession Grantor and each operator. 
In particular, on the one hand, the operators have an obligation to manage the infrastructure under concession, 
keeping the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability by performing maintenance and repairs and 
network upgrades. Operators are also responsible for upgrading the network via contracting out works, 
submitting designs for improvement, upgrade and extraordinary maintenance projects to the Concession Grantor 
                                                     
11 Italian Law Decree no. 162 of 2019 converted into law by Law No. 8/2020 introduced a provision shortening the SAT concession 
period from 2046 to 2028 and which, by repealing certain provisions of Law No. 531 of 1982, limited the concession granted to SAT to 
the management of the sections of the A12 Livorno-Grosseto-Civitavecchia motorway open to the traffic as at the date of entry into force 
of the Law No. 8/2020 itself; to this purpose Law No. 8/2020 provides for the revision of the concession agreement with MIT which is 
currently pending. However, such provision is subject to ongoing litigation.

--- Page 102 ---
93 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
for approval and for paying the related concession and sub-concession fees to the State. On the other hand, the 
operator has the right to collect tolls, applying and updating the related tariffs in accordance with a mechanism 
established in each concession arrangement and in compliance with Transport Regulatory Authority’s 
Resolutions. 
In fact, in 2019, after a consultation, the Transport Regulatory Authority published a determination setting out 
a new tariff system for each operator based on a RAB based price cap mechanism with determination of an “X” 
factor for efficiency, to be set every five years by the Transport Regulatory Authority (see “– Transport 
Regulatory Authority – quantification of COVID-19 financial aid following losses incurred as a result of the 
health emergency caused by Covid-19”).  
Società per il Traforo del Monte Bianco’s concession arrangement provides for tariff increases based on the 
average inflation rates recorded in France and Italy. 
 
Transfer of the functions of Concession Grantor from ANAS to MIT 
As a result of Law Decree 98 of 6 July 2011, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 111 of 
15 July 2011, certain policymaking, supervision and oversight functions previously exercised by ANAS, a 
joint-stock company owned by the Italian Ministry of Economics and Finance, which acted as Concession 
Grantor for Autostrade Italia until the effective date of such Law Decree No. 98/2011, were supposed to be 
transferred to a newly-established Roads and Highways Agency within the MIT which would have assumed 
such functions, as well as the role of grantor for existing motorway concessions, and administrator and grantor 
for any subsequent concessions put to public tender.  However, since the required corporate documents were 
not approved by 30 September 2012, the Roads and Highways Agency was abolished and the responsibilities 
allocated to it were transferred to the MIT as of 1 October 2012 as Concession Grantor. 
As a result of such reorganization process, ANAS will continue to: (i) build and operate toll public roads and 
motorways, including those reverted to State control as a result of the expiry or early termination of a relevant 
concession; (ii) perform upgrades and improvements of public roads and motorways and the road signs system; 
(iii) acquire, maintain and improve the tangible and intangible assets of the road and motorway network; 
(iv) provide traffic police services along the motorway network; and (v) approve projects relating to works on 
the non-toll road and motorway network which are of public interest.  Therefore, the MIT’s step-in (i) does not 
refer to rights and obligations that have arisen pursuant to the motorway concessions before 1 October 2012 (so 
called ex nunc effectiveness) and (ii) does not affect the judicial proceedings commenced by (or against) ANAS 
before such date. 
Regulatory Background — Important Developments in the Regulatory History of the Concessions 
Motorway concessions were historically granted by the State.  In 1992, Law No. 498/92 granted CIPESS 
(Comitato interministeriale per la programmazione economica e lo sviluppo sostenibile) the authority to issue 
directives in relation to the revision of existing motorway concessions and toll rates. 
CIPESS, by a resolution dated 21 September 1993, established the criteria for the review and renewal of 
motorway concessions.  Pursuant to such criteria, any bid: 
(i) 
must contain an investment plan (which provides estimates of the economic and financial performance 
of the concessionaire and includes the investments to be performed by the concessionaire during the 
concession, the estimated cost of such works and expected State subsidies, if any and which is 
complying with a standard model approved by the former MIT and the former Ministry of the Budget 
and of the Economic Programming and Treasury Ministry (now MEF); 
(ii) 
must set out rules for the allocation of investments according to applicable law in force, including EU 
environmental legislation; 
(iii) 
can broaden the concessionaire’s scope of activity, with the aim of improving its management and 
diversifying services offered to customers; and 
(iv) 
must eliminate restrictions on the shareholding structure of the concessionaire companies.

--- Page 103 ---
94 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Since 1993, CIPESS has issued several directives regarding the relationship between the Concession Grantor 
and the individual concessionaires, which form the basis for a standard concession agreement prepared by the 
MIT (the “Standard Concession Agreement”).  The Standard Concession Agreement provided the general 
terms which were expected to govern subsequent concession agreements with the concessionaires. 
Regulatory changes were also introduced in the legal framework governing motorway concessions to clarify the 
roles of the State vis-à-vis the Italian regions.  Italy’s regions have administrative, legislative and executive 
powers at the local level, and can act in matters specifically under their domain or in areas which are not 
specifically reserved for the State.  Regions are responsible for managing the network of roads and motorways 
which do not have a national interest and may grant concessions for the construction and management of 
regional toll motorways. 
Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, which was converted into law on 24 November 2006 as Law 
No. 286/2006 (as subsequently amended, “Law 286/06”) and subsequently amended by Law No. 296/2006 
(“Law 296/06”) and by Law No. 101/2008, established a new regime for motorway concessions primarily 
through the requirement that concessionaires enter into a comprehensive new concession agreement following 
binding guidelines.  All concessionaires were required to enter into such new concession agreement upon the 
earlier to occur of an update to the relevant concession’s financial plan (the “Concession’s Financial Plan”) or 
revision of the relevant concession agreement following the effectiveness of the new legislation.  Law 286/06 
provides, among other things, for: 
(i) 
the rate to be used in calculating annual tariff adjustments based on traffic and cost trends and the 
concessionaire’s efficiency and service quality; 
(ii) 
the terms for the allocation of additional profits generated by the commercial use of motorway areas; 
(iii) 
the terms for the recovery of toll revenues related to commitments under investment plans; 
(iv) 
the recognition of tariff adjustments in return for investments included in the investment plan only after 
the related investments have been verified by the grantor of the concession to have been effectively 
carried out; 
(v) 
the documentation to be provided to the Concession Grantor; and 
(vi) 
a system of sanctions and penalties in the event of a breach of the concession. 
New concession agreements are subject to the technical review by the Consulting Unit for the implementation 
and regulation of public utility services (Nucleo di consulenza per l’attuazione delle linee guida sulla 
regolazione dei servizi di pubblica utilità or “NARS”) as well as the CIPESS and the Transport Regulatory 
Authority, followed by a review by the relevant Parliamentary Commissions.  New concession agreements are 
approved by interministerial decree from the Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport and the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance, subject to a preliminary review of legitimacy by the Corte dei Conti, the independent 
institute responsible for supervising public finances, among others. 
Pursuant to Article 43 of Law Decree No. 201/2011 which was converted into law on 22 December 2011 as 
Law No. 214/2011, any updating (at the end of each five year regulatory period) or revision (due to the 
occurrence of extraordinary events) of the concession agreements relating to toll roads, as well as of the relevant 
Concession’s Financial Plan which are an integral part thereto, shall undergo the following approval procedure: 
 
if such updating (aggiornamento) or revision (revisione) determines a variation or a modification of the 
investment plan or to regulatory aspects impacting on public finance, the MIT provides, after 
consultation with the Transport Regulatory Authority for the matters of its competence pursuant to 
article 37 of the same Law Decree, for its transmission to the CIPESS which, subject to prior 
examination of the NARS, shall provide its opinion through an ad hoc resolution within 30 days of such 
transmission.  The final approval is then granted by an inter-ministerial decree of MIT and MEF within 
30 days of the transmission of the relevant modification proposal by the competent grantor; and 
 
if such updating or revision does not determine a variation or a modification of the investment plan or 
to regulatory aspects impacting on public finance, the final approval is granted by an inter-ministerial

--- Page 104 ---
95 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
decree of MIT and MEF within 30 days of the transmission of the relevant modification proposal by 
the competent grantor12. 
On the other hand, the rebalancing process, if in line with the above-described provisions set out under the 
relevant concession agreement and the applicable regulatory framework, does not require, in principle, any 
authorisation from the EU Commission.  In fact, Article 43 of EU Directive 2014/23/EU concerning concession 
contracts expressly allows modifications to concession contracts being made, where such modifications, 
irrespective of their value, are not substantial.   
 
Transport Regulatory Authority 
Law Decree 201/2011 (the so-called Salva-Italia, or “Save Italy”, legislation), converted, with amendments, 
into Law 214/2011, set up the Transport Regulation Authority (Autorità di Regolazione dei Trasporti) to oversee 
conditions of access and prices for rail, airport and port infrastructure and the related urban transport links to 
stations, airports and ports.  This legislation was subsequently amended by article 36 of Law Decree 1/2012 (the 
so-called Liberalizzazioni, or “Deregulation”, legislation), extending the scope of the new regulator’s 
responsibilities to include the motorway sector.   
Starting from the entry into force of the Decreto Genova, the Transport Regulatory Authority is, inter alia, 
bound to establish, by virtue of Article 37, paragraph 2, letter of Law Decree No 201/2011 (so called “Decreto 
Salva Italia”), the toll tariff systems in accordance with a price cap methodology and a productivity index X to 
be updated every five years: 
(a) 
for new concession agreements (as it was required by the Decreto Salva Italia before the entry into force 
of Decreto Genova); and 
(b) 
for ongoing concession agreements at the date of the entry into force of the Decreto Salva Italia when 
an update (aggiornamento) or amendment (revisione) occurs under Article 43, paragraph 1 and, for the 
matters regarding the Transport Regulatory Authority competence, paragraph 2 of the same decree, 
whether such updates or revisions involve (paragraph 1), or not (paragraph 2), changes or modifications 
to the investment plan or to regulatory aspects impacting on public finance. 
The new authority is, among other things, responsible for: (i) determining tariff mechanisms based on the “price 
cap” mechanism for new concessions and those concessions existing at the date of the entering into force of 
Save Italy Law Decree (i.e., 28 December 2011), if an update (aggiornamento) or amendment (revisione) 
occurs, with the calculation of the X factor (i.e., the Annual Tariff Adjustment Percentage Factor described 
below) every five years for each concession; (ii) deciding the concession schemes to be included in tenders for 
management and construction; (iii) defining the arrangements of tenders intended for motorway companies for 
new concessions; (iv) determining the ideal management areas of motorway sections in order to promote a plural 
management of the sections and to enhance competition; (v) formulate, for the profiles of competence, remarks 
to the Concession Grantor in the context of the tariff adjustments procedures for motorway concessions; and 
(vi) giving an opinion to the Concession Grantors in the procedure to verify the application of the criteria to 
determine the toll tariffs when an update (aggiornamento) or amendment (revisione) of the concessions occurs, 
taking into account the implementation status of the investments already included in the relevant toll tariff.  The 
Transport Regulatory Authority started its activity on 17 September 2013. 
                                                     
12 Changes are deemed not substantial when the concession is not materially different from the one initially concluded.  In 
principle, a modification is considered substantial, if, for example:  (i) it introduces conditions which, had they been part 
of the initial concession award procedure, would have allowed for the admission of applicants other than those initially 
selected or for the acceptance of a tender other than that originally accepted or would have attracted additional participants 
in the concession award procedure; (ii) it changes the economic balance of the concession in favour of the concessionaire 
in a manner which was not provided for in the initial concession; (iii) it extends the scope of the concession considerably; 
or (iv) it is a modification where a new concessionaire replaces the one to which the contracting authority or contracting 
entity had initially awarded the concession in other cases than those legitimately provided for under the concession 
agreement or otherwise.

--- Page 105 ---
96 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
More generally, the Transport Regulatory Authority may, inter alia: 
 
propose the suspension, termination or revocation of concession agreements, public service contracts, 
program contracts and any other instrument that can be regarded as equivalent, if legal and regulatory 
conditions allow so; 
 
order the cessation of any action that does not comply with the regulatory requirements and of 
contractual undertakings entered into with entities subject to regulation, taking the appropriate 
measures; and 
 
issue fines of up to 10% of the turnover of the relevant company in the case of:  (i) non-compliance 
with criteria for the setting and updating of the tariffs, fees, tolls, rights and prices subject to 
administrative control (ii) non-compliance with criteria for accounting separation and disaggregation of 
costs and revenues related to the activities of public services; (iii) breach of the regulations relating to 
access to the networks and to infrastructure or conditions imposed by the Transport Regulatory 
Authority itself; as well as (iv) non-compliance with orders issued and measures taken by the Transport 
Regulatory Authority itself. 
Although the Transport Regulatory Authority has been granted the above-mentioned powers and 
responsibilities, strengthened under “Decreto Genova, Article 36 of the Save Italy Law Decree specifies that 
the MIT, the MEF and the CIPESS keep their regulatory powers  on the approval of program agreements and 
concession deeds, with particular reference to matters concerning public finance.  In particular, article 16, 
paragraph 1, of the Decreto Genova strengthened the powers of the Transport Regulatory Authority on 
motorway concessions, conferring the Transport Regulatory Authority powers to issue new guidelines for the 
determination of tariffs and to assess regulatory aspects also for concessions already granted (and therefore, not 
only for new and future concessions).  Moreover, the Milleproroghe Decree imposed the adoption of the new 
scheme to all concessionaires at the time of approval of their EFPs at the end of the five-year regulatory period 
Resolution 16/2019 of the Transport Regulatory Authority started the procedure, aimed at determining the tariff 
system based on a price cap methodology and on a productivity factor X to be updated every five years for new 
concession agreements and for the existing ones whose regulatory period have already expired.   
The Transport Regulatory Authority Resolution No. 16/2019 is focused on establishing, as a priority, the tariff 
systems for the 16 ongoing concession agreements listed in the addendum of Annex A to Resolution 
No. 16/2019 (including Autostrade Italia, Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta, Società Autostrada Tirrenica 
and Tangenziale di Napoli) for which the five year regulatory period has expired: 
(a) 
in the period following the entry into force of Decreto Genova; and 
(b) 
before the entry into force of the Decreto Genova, without the process of updating the EFP having been 
completed by such date. 
In particular, the tariff systems established for each of the above 16 concession agreements applied starting from 
1 January 2020 and include a safeguard measure aimed at ensuring that concessionaires recover those 
investments already carried out or ongoing in compliance with the level of profitability resulting from the 
application of the previous tariff systems. 
This tariff system allows each of the 16 concessionaires to establish the Concession’s Financial Plan and 
regulatory plan that the grantor, subject to its own evaluation, will submit to the Transport Regulatory Authority, 
which will then issue its opinion as stipulated in Article 43 of the Decreto Sblocca Italia. 
The Transport Regulatory Authority’s Resolution No. 16/2019 as well as its explanatory report (relazione 
illustrativa) specifies that the it shall issue further resolutions - based on the same tariff methodology under 
Resolution No. 16/2019 - in respect of the remaining ongoing concession agreements (other than the above 16 
concession agreements) both at the end of the relevant five year regulatory period (i.e., an update of the 
Concession’s Financial Plan) and in case of a revision of the Concession’s Financial Plan due to extraordinary 
events.  In this respect, the explanatory report (relazione illustrativa) specified that (i) the new tariff 
methodology shall not have an innovative nature (being just an application of the current price cap/X factor 
method) and (ii) it is expressly recognised that, in relation to the investments already carried out, the

--- Page 106 ---
97 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
remuneration of investment costs shall be recognised in compliance with the previous tariff system, in order to 
ensure certainty and reliance on the existing arrangements. 
In particular, the new tariff system presents the following features: 
 
a five  year regulatory period; 
 
a differentiation of activities between: 
o activities which are directly subject to tariff regulation (which directly refer to the operation 
motorway); 
o activities which are not directly subject to tariff regulation, but are relevant for the purpose of 
allocating the extra profitability from the performance of ancillary activities (i.e. ancillary 
activities such as service stations); 
o activities which are not relevant for the tariff system (as not directly or indirectly related to the 
concession); 
 
identification of the methods for the calculation of toll tariffs, through: 
o identification of the perimeter of the concessionaire’s eligible costs (i.e. capex and opex) and 
related evaluation; 
o identification of traffic flows; 
o application of the “price cap method”, with determination of the productivity factor “X” every 
five years for the operational/management tariff component (ASPI’S productivity factor 
formalized in the EFP has been determined for the period 2020-2029); 
o identification of the initial maximum toll tariff, to be determined ex ante using the references 
and criteria specified under Resolution No. 16/2019 in relation to the individual tariff 
components and the related traffic volume forecasts;  
o tariff linearization during the entire regulatory period via using the “figurative items” 
mechanism; 
 
a tariff reduction mechanism, in case of increased revenues resulting from higher actual traffic volumes 
compared to those estimated under the traffic forecasts (potentially underestimated); 
 
a comprehensive penalty/premium system for the quality of the service; 
 
an automatic of tariff adjustment mechanism associated with actual degree of implementation of 
investments, with provision of penalties if the delay in carrying out the investments is attributable to 
the concessionaire; 
 
accounting separation obligations for the concessionaire and provision of related regulatory accounting 
system. 
As far as investments are concerned, it is provided that existing and ongoing investments (the “RAB ante”), 
already contracted out at the time of application of the new Transport Regulation Authority regime, are 
remunerated at the implied internal rate of return (IRR) of the previous regulatory regime. Conversely, the new 
investments (the “RAB post”) shall be remunerated at the weighted average cost of the capital (WACC) 
calculated under the new Transport Regulatory Authority regulation. The Transport Regulatory Authority 
provides a strong safeguard on returns blending the historical rate of returns on existing assets with the weighted 
average cost of the capital approach on new investments for the remuneration of the “figurative items” (poste 
figurative). Furthermore, in general terms, the RAB-based tariff regime provides protection against changes in 
traffic volumes with the possibility at each five year update to rebalance on the basis of the new estimated flows.

--- Page 107 ---
98 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
In particular, the remuneration rate for the new works (investments to be carried out) is determined, similarly 
to the previous regime, according to the weighted average cost of the capital method (WACC, called R under 
the new regulation), based on the following components: 
 
Rd:  cost of debt; 
 
Re:  cost of equity; 
 
g:  % of financial debt (gearing); 
 
(1 - g):  % of equity; 
 
t:  tax shield, i.e. corporate income tax (IRES) rate; 
 
T:  income tax rate, i.e. IRES+IRAP (corporate income tax + regional tax on productive activities). 
Tariff Adjustment Procedure 
Following the Resolutions by which the Transport Regulatory Authority adopted the new toll charging system, 
for the concessionaires that have incorporated the new toll system into their agreements (including Autostrade 
Italia, which signed the Third Addendum to the Single Concession Contract), the regulatory framework 
confirms that the concessionaire notifies the grantor, within 15 October of each year, a proposal containing the 
tariff increases that it intends to apply. 
In particular for Autostrade Italia, the Single Concession Agreement, as recently amended, requires that, by 
15 November of each year, the Concession Grantor shall submit to the Transport Regulatory Authority the 
proposal for adjusting the tariff for the following year and the proposal for updating the PFR. By 30 
November of each year, the Transport Regulatory Authority verifies the correct application of the principles 
and criteria set forth in Resolution No. 71/2019 and, in particular, it verifies the occurrence of following 
conditions: 
 
application of the price cap methodology to the management tariff component; 
 
equality of the discounted value of the expected toll revenues, related to the construction tariff 
component, and of the expected eligible costs related to investments, obtained by discounting the 
relative amounts as reported in Appendix E; and 
 
zeroing of the discounted value of any notional items; 
 
compliance with the principles and eligibility criteria set forth in the Regulatory Accounting Principles 
set forth in the Transport Regulatory Authority  Resolution No. 71/2019. 
By 15 December of each year, the MIT, in agreement with the MEF, should enact, t, pursuant to Art. 21, p. 
5, of Law Decree n. 355/2033,a decree, approving or rejecting the proposed tariff changes.  The decree may 
concern exclusively the verifications regarding the accuracy of the values inserted in the revisioning formula 
and related calculations or the occurrence of severe violations of the provisions set forth in the concession 
and that have already been formally notified to the concessionaire by the previous 30 June.  
Law Decree 162 of 30 December 2019 (the Milleproroghe Decree) 
The Milleproroghe Decree introduced two provisions that have a direct impact on motorway operators, with the 
stated aim of amending the terms and conditions of existing concession contracts. 
Article 13 of the Milleproroghe Decree (as modified by article 13 of Law Decree No. 183 of 31 December 2020 
and subsequently by the Law Decree no. 121 of 2021) states that:  “For operators whose five year regulatory 
period has expired, the deadline for increasing motorway tolls for 2020 and 2021, as well as the tolls for all the 
years included in the new regulatory period, shall be postponed until the procedure has been defined for revising 
the financial plans prepared in compliance with the resolutions adopted pursuant to art. 16, paragraph 1 of Law 
Decree 109 of 2018, by the Transport Regulatory Authority, pursuant to art. 37 of Law Decree 201 of 
6 December 2011, converted, with amendments, into Law 214 of 22 December 2011.  By 30 March 2020, the 
operators are to submit proposals to the Grantor for revising their financial plans, to be reformulated in

--- Page 108 ---
99 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
accordance with the above regulations, which annul and replace any previous update proposals.  The update of 
the financial plans submitted by the deadline of 30 March 2020 must be completed by 31 October 2022”. 
Article 35 of the Milleproroghe Decree introduced new regulations regarding termination of the concession for 
a breach of the arrangement by the motorway operator, providing for:  on the one hand, pending completion of 
the tender to award the concession, the possibility for ANAS to provisionally manage the concession; and, on 
the other hand – among other things – the application of article 176, paragraph 4 letter (a) of the Legislative 
Decree no. 50/2016 which provides for specific criteria for calculating the compensation due to an operator in 
the event of early termination of the concession due to a breach of the concession contract by the operator. As 
a result of the entry into force of the Third Addendum, the Single Concession Contract contains provisions 
which are consistent with the requirements set forth under article 35 of the Milleproroghe Decree.  See “-The 
Autostrade Italia Concession – Expiry or Termination of Concession”. 
Public tenders by motorway concessionaires 
Legislative Decree No. 50/2016 and subsequent modifications 
Starting from 19 April 2016, the legal framework governing the concessions and public contracts has been 
significantly reformed.  By means of Legislative Decree No. 50/2016, the Italian Government has adopted the 
new code of public contracts, implementing European Directives 2014/23/EU, 2014/24/EU and 2014/25/EU, 
concerning the award of concession and public contracts as well as the awarding procedure by entities operating 
in the water, energy, transport and postal services sectors (as amended, including by Legislative Decree 
No. 56/2017, the “Public Contracts Code”).  The Public Contracts Code – which replaces Legislative Decree 
No. 163/2006 – is effective from its publication in the Italian Gazette (i.e., 19 April 2016). 
In general terms, the Public Contracts Code has significantly changed the regime of the concessions, affecting 
the revision of the financial and economic plans, the risk allocation between grantor and concessionaire, early 
termination events and termination payments, step-in-right, conditions for contractual changes, variations and 
additional works, regime of works, services and supplies subcontracted by the concessionaires, designs etc.  
Notwithstanding the above, Article 216, paragraph 1, of the Public Contracts Code provided a specific 
provisional regime whereby, without prejudice to the provisions under Article 216 or to specific provisions set 
forth under the Public Contracts Code, the latter shall apply: 
(i) 
to tenders and contracts whose calls for tender or tender notice have been published after its entry into 
force (i.e. 19 April 2016); or 
(ii) 
in case of contracts awarded without any publication of call for tender or public notice, to the tenders 
and contracts in relation to which invitations to submit bids have not been sent to the candidates at the 
date of entry into force of the Public Contracts Code. 
Therefore, based on this provisional regime, the Public Contracts Code shall not apply to existing concessions 
at the date of entry into force of the Public Contracts Code save for specific provisions stating their applicability 
to concession agreements existing at the date of entry into force of the Public Contracts Code. 
Article 177 of the Public Contracts Code, concerning “concessionaire awarding”, has introduced the obligation 
to award to a third party 60% of the works, services and supply contracts for €150,000 or more, via public and 
open tender procedure for state or private entities which do not operate in the so called “excluded sectors” and 
which have been granted motorway concessions as of the entry into force of the Public Contracts Code, and 
which have not been subject to project financing or awarded through a public tender procedure in accordance 
with the European framework of rules.  Furthermore, the above Public Contracts Code provides that the 
remaining part (equal to 40%), in particular for private entities, can be carried out through companies directly 
or indirectly controlled or connected.  The Italian Anticorruption Authority (“ANAC”) is entitled to verify 
annually that the concessionaires comply with the above mentioned percentages according to procedures to be 
defined through specific guidelines.  In case of repeated imbalance found by ANAC, specific penalties may be 
applied by ANAC.  The concessionaires were required implement the provisions under Article 177 within a 
transitional period until 31 December 2020, as set forth by Article 1, paragraph 20, letter bb), Law No. 55/2019. 
Following the publication of the ANAC guidelines under article 177 of the Public Contracts Code, AISCAT 
(the association of the motorway toll operators) and the operators, including Autostrade Italia, have challenged

--- Page 109 ---
100 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
such guidelines before the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio, which has ruled the challenges as 
inadmissible as they did not meet the requirement that the guidelines would cause immediate harm.  The 
decision of the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio has been appealed before the Council of State, where 
judgment is pending. 
The Italian Constitutional Court, through ruling 218/2021, declared the constitutional illegitimacy of article 177 
of the Public Contracts Code, and of article 1, paragraph 1, lett. iii)  of Law 11/2016, which implemented certain 
EU directives regarding public procurement. 
In particular, according to the Constitutional Court, the requirement that holders of existing concessions, which 
have not been awarded under a project financing model or via public tender, must award 80% (60% for 
motorway operator) of the contracts via a public tender process constitutes “an unreasonable and 
disproportionate measure with respect to the purpose of the legislation, albeit legitimate, and is therefore 
detrimental to economic freedom”. 
As a result, operators of concessions included within the scope of application of article 177 of the Public 
Contracts Code, including motorway operators, are no longer legally obliged to outsource works, services and 
supply contracts and may freely decide how to perform the services provided for in their concession agreements, 
either through the award of contracts to external contractors, or by insourcing services, either directly or via 
subsidiaries.  
Article 178 of the Public Contracts Code, concerning motorway concessions and the interim regime, provides 
that the grantor of a motorway concession that has expired as of 19 April 2016, shall, within 6 months from the 
date thereof, call a tender offer to award the concession.  However, article 178 also provides that the grantor 
may operate the motorway in-house.  In addition, article 178 (i) prohibits the extension of the term of 
concessions, (ii) provides that the operational risk set forth in article 3, paragraph 1, lett. zz), shall also include 
the “traffic risk” and (iii) provides that the former concessionaire will be entitled to receive from the new 
concessionaire an indemnity for investment made and not yet amortised, net of amortizations and certain assets. 
Law No. 78/2022 
On 21 June 2022, Law No. 78 delegating the Government in the field of public contracts to revise the current 
Public Contracts Code was published in the Official Gazette. In particular, the Government will have to adopt, 
within six months from the date of entry into force of the law (being 9 January 2023), one or more legislative 
decrees to amend the discipline of public contracts, also in order to adapt it to European law and to the principles 
expressed by the case law of the Constitutional Court and of the higher, domestic and supranational courts, and 
to rationalise, reorganise and simplify the current discipline of public contracts relating to works, services and 
supplies, as well as to avoid the initiation of infringement procedures by the European Commission and to 
achieve the resolution of the procedures initiated.  
Some of the delegation criteria concern the streamlining of the regulations on the procedures for the award of 
contracts by the concessionaires, as well as the regulation of existing concessions that have not been awarded 
through public procedures, especially with regard to the situations in which - according to criteria of gradualness 
and proportionality and taking into account the size and character of the concessionaire, the time of award of 
the concession, its duration, its purpose and its economic value - there must be an obligation to award to third 
parties, through public procedures, part of the contracts relating to the same concessions. 
 
The Autostrade Italia Concession 
Legal Framework 
The Autostrade Italia Concession  governing the Group’s most significant motorway network, is governed 
pursuant to a concession agreement entered into on 12 October 2007 (the “Single Concession Contract”), as 
amended by three subsequent addenda. 
  Prior to the enactment of the Single Concession Contract, the Autostrade Italia Concession was governed by a 
concession agreement entered into with ANAS in 1997 and a series of supplementary addenda, the most 
significant of which was entered into in 2002 (the “2002 Supplementary Agreement”).  The 2002

--- Page 110 ---
101 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Supplementary Agreement approved a new investment plan at that time and introduced new criteria for 
determining some of the elements of the price-cap mechanism previously instituted to regulate tariff increases 
in order to compensate Autostrade Italia for the additional capital expenditure commitments undertaken at that 
time.  See “—Works” and “— The Autostrade Italia Concession — Tariff Rates”. 
The Single Concession Contract has been recently amended through the entry into force of the Third Addendum 
on 29 March 2022 (which included the new EFP applicable to the Autostrade Italia Concession). For additional 
information, “Business Description of the Group – Recent Developments” and the paragraphs below. 
Key Concession Terms 
Under the Single Concession Contract, Autostrade Italia has the right to continue to operate and manage the 
motorways and related infrastructure granted under the concession until 31 December 2038. 
Autostrade Italia’s Obligations 
In particular, Autostrade Italia’s main obligations include the duty: 
(i) 
to manage and maintain the motorway infrastructure, ensuring an optimal level of safety conditions in 
accordance with the EFP, as well as to monitor the state of the infrastructure and to plan maintenance 
activities in accordance with the most advanced standards; 
(ii) 
to organise, maintain and promote motorist assistance services; 
(iii) 
to design and execute works specified in the Single Concession Contract, such as the construction of 
additional lanes and motorway sections and junctions; 
(iv) 
to keep detailed financial accounts, including traffic data, for each section of motorway; 
(v) 
to include a clause in the by-laws of Autostrade Italia requiring that its Board of Statutory Auditors 
include an officer of the Concession Grantor; 
(vi) 
to maintain a debt service coverage ratio (“DSCR”) throughout the period of the applicable concession; 
(vii) 
for activities directly connected to the construction and maintenance of highways, to grant works, 
services and supplies in accordance with existing laws and regulations; 
(viii) 
not to provide financing to or guarantees for entities that are controlling, controlled by, otherwise under 
common control or affiliated with Autostrade Italia pursuant to Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code, 
except for subsidiaries of affiliated companies operating in roadway infrastructure or in order to enable 
larger capital raising at more favourable terms; and 
(ix) 
to establish and maintain procedures to prevent conflicts of interests and independence requirements 
for the members of its board of directors. 
In addition, the entity controlling Autostrade Italia shall be required to maintain a net worth of at least 
€10 million for every percentage point of share capital of Autostrade Italia held by it, and shall maintain its 
registered office in a white-list country and ensure that the offices and management of Autostrade Italia are 
located in Italy. 
Sanctions and penalties identified in the Third Addendum to the Single Concession Contract may be applicable 
in the event of violations of the obligations set forth above.  Penalties vary from €10,000 to €1 million.  
Sanctions vary from €25,000 to €5 million.  The highest fine is imposed in connection with the failure to request 
prior authorisation of the Concession Grantor for the execution of extraordinary transactions, within the terms 
of article 10 bis of the Convention, as well as for any loss of functionality that results in motorways becoming 
impracticable.  The maximum aggregate annual amount of such sanctions may not exceed 10% of total annual 
revenue of Autostrade Italia, and in any case may not exceed €150 million per year.  With respect to sanctions, 
in the event that such total annual amount is exceeded  such circumstance constitutes a serious breach of the 
Single Concession Contract, which may lead to proceedings aimed at the revocation of the Concession (see 
“Risks that are specific to the issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
notes - Risks relating to the financial condition and future performance of the Group”).If penalties incurred for

--- Page 111 ---
102 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
two consecutive years exceed 2% of the annual turnover, such circumstance constitutes a serious breach of the 
Single Concession Contract, which may lead to proceedings aimed at the revocation of the Concession (see 
“Risks that are specific to the issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
notes - Risks relating to the financial condition and future performance of the Group”). 
Powers of the Concession Grantor  
The Concession Grantor, may: 
 
request information and conduct controls, with powers of inspection, access, acquisition of documents and 
useful information concerning compliance with the obligations set forth in the Single Concession Contract 
and Article 11, paragraph 5, of Law 498/1992, as amended, and its own measures; 
 
issue directives concerning the provision of services by the Concessionaire, defining in particular the 
general levels of quality referred to the whole of the services and the specific levels of quality referred to 
the single service to be guaranteed to the user, after consulting the concessionaires and the representatives 
of users and consumers; 
 
issue directives for accounting and administrative separation and checking the costs of individual services, 
on the basis of analytical accounts kept in compliance with the rules laid down by the Transport Regulatory 
Authority, and ensuring that the data are publicised; 
 
impose, unless the case constitutes an offence, in the event of non-compliance with the obligations set forth 
in the Single Concession Contract and in Article 11, paragraph 5, of Law 498/1992, as amended, as well 
as in the event of non-compliance by the Concessionaire with requests for information or those related to 
the performance of controls, or in the event that the information and documents acquired are not true, 
administrative fines of no less than Euro 25. 000 and not exceeding a maximum of Euro 150 million, for 
which the provisions of Article 16 of Law 689/1981; 
 
report to the Antitrust Authority, with reference to the acts and conduct of the companies subject to its 
control, as well as of those participating in the awarding of works, supplies and services carried out by the 
latter, the existence of hypotheses of breach of Law 287/1990; 
 
in the event of inaction on the part of the concessionaire in fulfilling its obligations under the Single 
Concession Contract, as amended by the third addendum, and the annexed PEF/PFR, to take action - subject 
to a warning to comply and in the event of non-compliance with the warning itself - by way of substitution 
at the expense of the concessionaire itself. 
Extraordinary Transactions 
Certain extraordinary transactions involving Autostrade Italia, such as mergers, de-mergers, liquidation, 
winding-up, change in purpose or movement of its headquarters, require the prior express approval of the 
Concession Grantor.  The Concession Grantor must also give prior approval to the sale of the controlling interest 
in the majority of the Group’s Concessions.  If the DSCR of Autostrade Italia is less or equal to a certain index, 
the sale of shares held by Autostrade Italia in companies other than those listed in the Single Concession 
Contract, is not subject to the prior approval of the Concession Grantor, only if those operation entail, in the 
financial year in which the transaction is completed, an improvement in that index. Transactions involving the 
acquisition by the Concessionaire of shareholdings, including controlling shareholdings, without prejudice to 
the obligation to communicate the operation to the Concession Grantor, are not subject to prior authorization of 
the Concession Grantor..  However, the Concession Grantor’s consent is required for transactions that could 
result in a change of control of Autostrade Italia. 
Revenue Sharing 
In addition, there is a built-in revenue sharing mechanism for toll revenue deriving from traffic growth that 
exceeds the traffic growth figures forecasted in the Single Concession Contract.  Autostrade Italia is required to 
pay net revenue from traffic exceeding such forecasted amounts into a fund dedicated to investments for quality 
improvements along the Autostrade Italia Network.

--- Page 112 ---
103 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Starting from the next regulatory period, where average annual traffic growth exceed such forecasts by 2%, a 
portion of the average extra-revenues attributable, increasing from 50% to 100% as the difference from +2% to 
+10% of the average annual amount of the greater revenue, attributable to the excess traffic will be accounted 
for as poste figurative that will reduce the amount of expenses allowed for the immediately next regulatory 
period, or the termination value in case of the last regulatory period. This higher revenue shall be calculated as 
the difference between: 
 
the revenues, net of the charges referred to in paragraph 8 of the Transport Regulatory Authority  
Resolution No. 71/2019, deriving from the tariff in force in each year, applied to the actual traffic 
volumes recorded; 
 
the revenue, net of the charges set forth in paragraph 8 of the Transport Regulatory Authority Resolution 
No. 71/2019, resulting from the tariff in force in each year, applied to the traffic volumes forecasted ex 
ante increased by 2% (threshold revenue). 
Pass-Through Mechanism (Additional Concession Fee) 
Autostrade Italia shall have a right to adjust tariff rates (applying a surcharge) in order to be compensated in the 
event of an increase in the concession fee or the introduction of taxes having a specific impact on the motorway.  
Prior to 2009, a surcharge levied on tolls paid in Italy by users of the Italian Group Network (the “Surcharge”) 
was passed through directly to ANAS. 
Pursuant to Law Decree 78/2009 and Law Decree 78/2010, from August 2009 the Surcharge was abolished and 
Law Decree 78/2010 introduced an additional concession fee payable to ANAS (the “Additional Concession 
Fee”) calculated on the basis of the number of kilometres travelled amounting to 6 thousandths of a euro per 
kilometre for toll classes A and B and 18 thousandths of a euro per kilometre for classes 3, 4 and 5.  The amount 
of such Additional Concession Fee, payable to ANAS, is recovered by the concessionaire through a 
corresponding increase in tariffs.  As a result, such Additional Concession Fee is recognised in toll revenue and 
offset by an equivalent amount in operating costs. 
The Additional Concession Fee for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 recognised as Group revenue 
was equal to €357 million and €298,2 million, respectively.   
Concession Payments 
Autostrade Italia is required to pay an annual fee equal to 2.4% of net toll revenue (net of VAT and the 
Additional Concession Fees) and 5.0% of the revenues derived from any subconcessions or subcontracts, 
including fees related to the commercial use of the telecommunications networks, which annual fee on 
subconcessions or subcontracts increases to 20.0% for new services coming into existence after 8 June 2008 or 
which relate to services in new service areas. 
Expiry or Termination of Concession 
Upon the expiry of the Single Concession Contract, Autostrade Italia is required to transfer to the Concession 
Grantor the motorways and related infrastructure without compensation and in a good state of repair. 
The Single Concession Contract sets out procedures for early termination of the concession in the event of 
material and continuing non-performance by Autostrade Italia of the material terms of the concession as well 
as  from other causes (including acts and/or actions of extraordinary and unforeseeable nature and/or material 
changes in the legal framework of the concession).  In the above-mentioned scenarios, the Concession Grantor 
would step into the shoes of Autostrade Italia, assuming all its obligations and rights under the Autostrade Italia 
Concession. 
In case of a serious breach of the obligations set forth in the Single Concession Contract or under applicable 
law (defined as an event causing a definitive and very serious damage to the functionality or safety of a 
significant part of the motorway network), the Concession Grantor will have the right to claim the non-
compliances to ASPI, which will have the faculty to present its counter –arguments.  If such counter-arguments 
are not accepted, the Concession Grantor will request a Commission (whose three members will be appointed 
one by the cConcession Grantor, one by ASPI and the third by common agreement or, in case of disagreement,

--- Page 113 ---
104 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
by the Chairman of the Council State) to prepare a detailed preliminary report on the disputed facts in order to 
ascertain the seriousness of the breach. 
If the serious breach is ascertained, the Concession Grantor will declare the termination of the concession, 
effective by law.  In such event, ASPI will be entitled to receive an amount equal to the value of the works 
carried out plus ancillary charges, net of depreciation (determined on the basis of the Italian generally accepted 
accounting principles) or, with respect to works that are subject to a testing phase, the costs actually incurred 
by Autostrade Italia.  On the other side, in such scenario, effectiveness of the termination is not subject to the 
payment by the Concession Grantor of such termination amount, which will be paid by the new concessionaire 
on the date of the handover of the motorway assets of the Autostrade Italia Concession.  The Concession Grantor 
will also have the right to be compensated for damages suffered as a consequence of ASPI’s breach of the Single 
Concession Contract.  The new concessionaire will take over all assets and liabilities owned by the 
concessionaire under the Single Concession Contract.  However, pending the handover to a new concessionaire 
(which will only occur upon payment of the termination amount to ASPI), and notwithstanding the termination 
of the concession, ASPI will have the obligation (unless otherwise indicated by the Concession Grantor) to 
continue the management of the motorway network (and, therefore, to continue to collect revenues generated 
pursuant to the Autostrade Italia Concession) under the same terms and conditions of the Single Concession 
Contract, within the limits strictly necessary to guarantee needs, going concern and regularity of service and 
without prejudice to the maintenance obligations to guarantee traffic safety. 
In any other case, Autostrade Italia is entitled to receive a payment based on the net present value, discounted 
at market rate, of revenues from operation until the end of the term of the concession, net of projected costs, 
liabilities, investments and projected taxes for such period, plus taxes due payable by the concessionaire 
following receipt of such indemnification amount by the Concession Grantor, less (i) the outstanding financial 
debt assumed by the Concession Grantor at the date of transfer from Autostrade Italia, (ii) and projected cash 
flows from ordinary business until the end of the term of the concession.  The effectiveness of these other cases 
of early termination of the Concession is conditional upon the payment of the termination value to the Issuer. 
 
Five year update to the financial plan 
On 29 March 2022, the new EFP related to the regulatory period 2020-2024 entered into force. In accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations, EFPs shall be updated for each five-year regulatory period. 
Second Addendum to the Convenzione Unica of Autostrade Italia 
The Second Addendum to the Single Concession Contract, governing the inclusion of the Casalecchio 
Interchange – Northern section among Autostrade Italia’s investment commitments, was signed on 
22 February 2018.  On 18 July 2019, an  Agreement between the Grantor, ANAS and Autostrade Italia was 
signed and  Autostrade Italiacommitted to pay  €155.5 million to ANAS in return for construction of the 
Northern Section of the Casalecchio Interchange.  The amount will then be recouped on the basis of the terms 
set by Single Concession Contract. 
Agreement on the upgrade of the existing motorway system/ring road interchange serving Bologna 
With regard to the agreement on the upgrade of the existing motorway system/ring road interchange serving 
Bologna, on 15 April 2016, Autostrade Italia, the MIT, Emilia-Romagna Regional Authority, the Bologna 
Metropolitan Authority and Bologna City Council signed an agreement for the upgrade of the existing motorway 
system/ring road interchange serving the city of Bologna.  Further discussions and an in-depth review at the 
request of the Ministry then resulted in the production of a revised design included in an addendum to the 
agreement, signed on 6 November 2019. 
At the services conference held on 16 June 2020, the authorities involved requested reinstatement of the 
previously identified design solution, to which they wish to see certain changes made.  Once updated, the final 
project was sent to the Conference of Services and, on 29 July 2021, a new meeting of the Conference of 
Services set out new requirements for such project.  ASPI carried out a technical analysis of such requirements 
and delivered them to the MIT.

--- Page 114 ---
105 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The Concession Grantor agreed with this technical analysis, and subsequently convened the third meeting of 
the Services Conference for 18 January 2022. At the meeting of 18 January 2022, further requirements emerged 
which will be assessed in agreement with the Concession Grantor and incorporated in the detailed design, unless 
the Concession Grantor decides otherwise. At the end of the Services Conference, having assessed the outcomes 
and taken into account the favourable opinions expressed or recorded at the meeting, the chairman declared the 
proceedings to be closed, together with the approval of the Bologna ring road.  The total amount of the final 
design, which takes into account the requests of change approved by the Concession Grantor and the last update 
of the prices, is currently € 1.7 million. The final design has been sent to the Concession Grantor for approval. 
Upon the approval expected by March 2023, the activities related to expropriations, interference management 
and other preliminary activities will start. Meanwhile, the Detail Design has been started. 
Moreover, after further requests to supplement the project presented by Bologna City Council and deemed by 
the MIT to be “feasible in phase 2”, at the same meeting of the Services Conference, Bologna City Council 
requested that a second trilateral agreement be signed between the MIT, ASPI and the Bologna City Council, 
before commencement of the works, in addition to and independent of the existing agreements between the 
MIT, ASPI and the other bodies, aimed at regulating eligibility, timing and methods regarding the design and 
implementation of the “phase 2” works. This request was supported by the MIT and ASPI, which confirmed its 
willingness to sign this additional agreement regarding assessment of possible design solutions and the 
implementation of future projects, and the related financing, in accordance with the Concession Grantor’s 
determinations. The “phase 2”  is related to additional works not included into the current scope of work of the 
project. Therefore, the signature of the agreement does not have any impact on the start and the regular execution 
of the works. 
Tariff systems and regulatory net invested capital 
 
Autostrade Italia applies the new regulatory mechanism for setting tariffs based on Transport Regulatory 
Authority  Determination 71/2019.  
A price-cap regulation is a form of economic regulation that sets a limit on the tariff increase that Autostrade 
Italia can charge. The linearized tariff increase is set according to several economic factors, such as expected 
traffic, expected recovery of operative costs for the management of the infrastructure, recovery of Capital costs, 
efficiency savings and inflation. 
The price cap based on RAB is based on the periodical (5 years) determination by Transport Regulatory 
Authority of an “X” factor for efficiency. This mechanism has three specific components: 
 
an operational charge, to remunerate operating costs and investment in non-reversible assets deemed 
eligible by the Grantor; 
 
a construction charge, remunerating investment in reversible assets recognised by the Grantor; and 
 
an additional charge, remunerating specific costs that the operator is required to pay to the State and 
other entities. 
With regard to the construction charge, the Regulatory Net Invested Capital – “NIC” has been divided into two 
categories: 
 
 
“Construction services completed or in progress” as at the end of 2019 – to which a “safeguard 
mechanism” applies, thereby guaranteeing remuneration at an internal rate of return equal to 13.87% 
(nominal fixed pre-tax IRR) calculated on the basis of the previous tariff framework;  
 
 
“Construction services to be performed” remunerated at the WACC indicated in the Transport 
Regulatory Authority determination and equal to 7.09% (Nominal pre-tax regulatory WACC). 
Goodwill, recognised by ASPI at the time of the extraordinary transaction that took place in 2003, is deemed 
eligible for remuneration as part of regulatory NIC after deducting amortisation calculated on the basis of the 
expiry of the concession;

--- Page 115 ---
106 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
For the purposes of determining initial regulatory NIC, reversible assets eligible for remuneration include rights 
deriving from specific obligations to perform construction services (concession rights accounted for in the 
financial statements under IFRIC 12), and from the expansion, upgrade and improvement of motorway 
infrastructure, net of the present value of any construction services to be performed in the future, adjusted to 
coincide with NIC determined under ITA GAAP; 
Regulatory NIC includes notional items deriving from the pre-existing tariff framework and adjusted to take 
into account all the investment costs incurred in previous years that the Grantor has not recognised, applying 
cuts to design costs following an expert appraisal; 
Reversible assets used in determining regulatory NIC refer to investment/construction services less 
depreciation, provided that they are recognised by the Grantor; this category also includes the works included 
in the Extraordinary Maintenance Plan; they do not, on the other hand, include investment costs to be borne 
entirely by the operator as agreed with the Government and the authorities in Liguria, as described in the 
settlement agreement signed on 14 October 2021. 
Autostrade Italia’s regulatory NIC as at 31 December 2021, derived from the financial Plan submitted to the 
Grantor, amounts to €13,525 million. 
 
Tariff Rates 
The tariff increase rate, applicable from 1 January of each year as per Third Addendum to the Concession, 
effective from 29 March 2022, is calculated in accordance with the regulatory framework defined by the 
Transport Regulatory Authority  resolution 71/2019: 
ASPI’s new tariff formula (detailed below in the document) can be synthesised in 
T = Tg + Tk + Toi  
where: 
 
“Tg” is the Management Component: aimed at recovering the operating costs for the management of 
the infrastructure, estimated with reference to the base year, adjusted by the inflation, the efficiency 
parameter and the penalties/premium on service quality; 
 
“Tk” is the Construction component: aimed at recovering the Capital costs (amortization and NIC 
remuneration (i) at WACC for investments to be carried out and (ii) at the set IRR based for investments 
recognized as at December 2019); 
 
“Toi” is the tariff component for additional charges that the concessionaire is required to pay to the 
State or to other subjects previously identified. 
Annual tariff increases must be communicated to the Concession Grantor and approved also in accordance with 
the procedures set out in Law 98/2013. Once approved, such increases become effective by the first day of the 
following year. 
To ensure a linear and gradual evolution of tariffs and smooth unforeseen increases/decreases driven by changes 
in capital expenditures, an off-balance sheet item (poste figurative – financial adjustment) is included. The poste 
figurative will be then remunerated as an element of the construction tariff to anticipate/postpone tariff 
dynamics. 
 
Other Concessions of the Group 
The Group’s other motorway concessions are governed pursuant to a series of different Single concession 
agreements effective from November and December 2010. 
All the Group’s operators including ASPI have submitted revised Financial Plans that reflect application of the 
new tariff framework to the Grantor.

--- Page 116 ---
107 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
Motorway Companies 
Submission of the new EFP 
Status   
Autostrade per l’Italia 
5/11/2021 
Effective since 29/3/2022  
Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta 
30/7/2021 
Pending approval by MIT  
Tangenziale di Napoli 
5/7/2021 
Pending approval by MIT  
Autostrada Tirrenica 
28/1/2022 
Pending approval by MIT  
Società Italiana per azioni per il Traforo del 
Monte Bianco 
Not applicable 
CPI Based formula 
  
 
Tangenziale di Napoli 
Società Tangenziale di Napoli is the concessionaire of the Naples motorway under the relevant Concession 
entered into with the Concession Grantor on 28 July 2009, which will expire on 31 December 2037. 
The EFP for the 2020 - 2024 regulatory period, in accordance with the new tariff model set out in the resolutions 
of the Transport Regulatory Authority  has been sent in its final version on 6 July 2022 to the Grantor and the 
Transport Regulatory Authority jointly to the second Addendum  to the 2009 single concession. 
On 2 August 2022, CIPESS issued a favourable opinion, with prescriptions, on the proposed update of the 
business plan , pending approval at the date of this Offering circular by MIT and registration of teh Court of 
Auditors. 
  
Among other things, the proposed EFP provides for: 
 
the introduction of “non-recurring maintenance” costs in the construction charge component; 
 
recovery of the effects of Covid-19 in the period March-June 2020 through the “additional charge” 
component of tolls. As the economic effects will be quantified on the basis of total data at the end 
of the state of emergency, the figures shown in the proposed EFP are purely provisional and will 
be subject to adjustment on the basis of the memoranda issued by the Transport Regulatory 
Authority during 2021. 
Società Autostrada Tirrenica 
Società Autostrada Tirrenica (SAT) is the concessionaire of the Livorno - Civitavecchia motorway under the 
relevant Concession entered into with the Concession Grantor on 11 March 2009, which will expire on 
31 December 2028. 
Article 35, paragraph 1-ter, of the Milleproproghe Decree provides that the subject matter of the SAT 
Concession no longer refers to the entire Livorno - Civitavecchia motorway, but only to the sections in operation 
(i.e. Livorno - S. Pietro in Palazzi and Civitavecchia - Tarquinia), setting the expiry date of the relevant 
Concession in 2028.  Therefore, SAT brought an appeal before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court (TAR 
Lazio) to ascertain the European and constitutional illegality of the above rule.  However, such provision is 
subject to ongoing litigation and, once determined, will need to be reflected in the relevant single concession 
contract which currently stipulates that the Concession expires in 2046.”. 
In 2022, SAT sent its EFP for the regulatory period 2020 – 2024 considering 2028 as the expiry date of the 
relevant Concession and with the new tariff model set out in the resolutions ofTransport Regulatory Authority. 
Law 156/2021, established that, in order to reduce the time needed to implement the extension project, pending 
definition of the procedure to revise SAT’s concession, ANAS is authorised to purchase the designs drawn up 
by SAT, subject to payment of a set amount exclusively regarding the design costs and intellectual property 
rights referred to in article 2578 of the Civil Code. In this respect, a government grant of €36.5 million has been 
allocated, subject to verification of the designs by ANAS.

--- Page 117 ---
108 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Moreover, the Budget Law (Law 234/2021) provides for SAT to draw up an updated EFP within 30 days of its 
entry into force, authorising total expenditure of up to €200 million as a grant to ensure the feasibility of the 
EFP for the Concession granted to SAT, and specifying that payment of the grant is subject to completion of 
the approval procedure relating to the agreements. 
On the basis of this new regulatory framework, in a memorandum dated 28 January 2022, SAT sent the 
Concession Grantor a proposal regarding an addendum to the agreement relating to the Concession and an EFP 
rebalanced to take into account the expiry of the concession on 31 October 2028, together with the related 
annexes. 
Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta 
Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta is the concessionaire of Raccordo Autostradale Valdostano under the 
relevant Concession entered into with the Concession Grantor on 29 December 2009, which will expire on 31 
December 2032. 
Raccordo Autostradale Valle d’Aosta sent, first in June 2020, and then in October 2020 with updates, the EFP 
for the 2020 - 2024 regulatory period, in accordance with the new tariff model set out in the Transport 
Regulatory Authority  resolutions. 
Società Italiana per azioni per il Traforo del Monte Bianco 
A French company named ATMB and the Società per il Traforo del Monte Bianco (SITMB) are the 
concessionaires of the Traforo del Monte Bianco, pursuant to the terms of an international convention dated 14 
March 1953 concluded between Italy and France and relating to the construction and operation of a road tunnel 
under Monte Bianco.  Società per il Traforo del Monte Bianco’s concession is set to expire on 31 December 
2050. 
The relevant concession agreement provides for yearly tariff increases based on the average inflation rates 
recorded in France and Italy. 
See “Risk Factors — Risks Relating to the Business of the Group” and “— Other Group Concessions — Legal 
Framework.” 
Concession Fees and Surcharges 
Pursuant to Article 1, Paragraph 1020, of Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006 (“Law 296/2006”) the motorway 
concessionaires must pay to the grantor, as of 1 January 2007, a concession fee equal to 2.4% of the net revenues 
of toll fees13. 
Law No. 102 of 3 August 2009 (“Law 102/2009”) converting into law (with amendments) Law Decree 78 of 
1 July 2009, introduced an increase of the concession fee charged to the motorway concessionaire (the 
“Surcharge”) to be remitted to ANAS and calculated on the basis of the distance in kilometres covered by each 
vehicle using the motorway (the Surcharge is equal to Euro 0.006 per kilometre for vehicles in classes A and B 
and to Euro 0.018 per kilometre for vehicles in classes 3, 4 and 5). 
In any event, the concessionaire recovers the greater fee to be paid to the grantor (i.e,  the Surcharge) by 
proportionally increasing the relative toll tariffs. 
Subcontracts for Services on the Motorways 
Subcontracts for food and beverage and mini-market and petrol service stations are granted to third parties for 
the management of service areas through competitive procedures.  The offers proposed by the candidates are 
evaluated on technical, qualitative and economic bases.  Generally, the Subcontracts grant each Subcontractor 
the right to perform one or more services in a single service area.  Pursuant to the Subcontracts, the 
Subcontractor is typically required to build the structures necessary to provide the service and, subsequently, to 
manage and maintain those services either directly or through management contracts with third parties.  Upon 
the expiry of a Subcontract, the buildings and infrastructure built by the Subcontractor must be transferred to 
                                                     
13 
Currently, a percentage of 42% is destined to ANAS. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 362, of Legislative Decree No. 
90/2014, starting from 2017 such percentage will be reduced to 21%.

--- Page 118 ---
109 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
the Group in a good state and condition with no compensation to the Subcontractor.  Under a Subcontract, the 
Subcontractor undertakes to pay to the relevant Motorway Company a fixed amount plus a royalty based on the 
revenues generated from sales. 
Upon the expiry of a Subcontract, a new Subcontract must be granted following a competitive bidding 
procedure, in accordance with the concession agreement, relevant law and, with respect to food and beverage 
Subcontracts, pursuant to decision number 8090 of the Italian Anti-Trust Authority dated 2 March 2000. 
Investments and Cost Overruns 
ASPI and the other Motorway Companies (except for Società Italiana per Azioni per il Traforo del Monte 
Bianco) under the respective Concession Contracts, as integrated by 2019 the Transport Regulatory Authority 
regulation measures have entered into “realignment/rebalancing” concession, which provides for a realignment 
of tariffs every five years to reflect investment costs. Such Motorway Companies have therefore assumed the 
obligation to finance cost overruns only in excess of the Approved Investment Amount, with the exception of 
cost overruns due to force majeure or resulting from acts by third parties.  
Transport Regulator – quantification of COVID-19 financial aid following losses incurred as a result of 
the health emergency caused by Covid-19 
Following a specific request from AISCAT, the Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure and Mobility has 
requested the Transport Regulatory Authority  to formulate a clear, consistent scheme to be applied to all 
motorway operators to quantify how much financial aid is due to each operator to mitigate losses incurred as a 
result of the health emergency caused by Covid-19. 
 
The Transport Regulatory Authority  highlighted the need for operators, at the time of each periodic update of 
their financial plans, to formally account for the progressive impact for the entire period of the state of 
emergency (which came to an end on 31 March 2022), based on the quantification method provided by the 
Transport Regulatory Authority. 
In this sense, ASPI has included recovery of losses incurred for the lockdown period from March to June 2020 
in the linearized tariff of the current regulatory period.  
 
In addition, the amount of the losses due to the pandemic through to 31 December 2021, has been computed in 
the first half of 2022, certificated by an audit firm, is to be recovered via use of a specific component for 
additional expenses at the time of periodic revision of the Financial Plan. 
 
The progressive impact relating to the expiry of the state of emergency, and any further impact resulting from 
a prolongation of the emergency, has been quantified and in accordance with the procedure drawn up by the 
Transport Regulatory Authorityit will be recovered in tariff. 
 
Tariff Increases for 2022 and 2023 
 
On 15 October 2021 and 14 October 2022, respectively, Autostrade Italia submitted its proposal for a tariff 
increase for the years 2021 and 2022 of 3.12%, and of a further 1.59% to be applied from 1 January 2023. 
Both tariff adjustment procedures, despite multiple reminders sent by Autostrade Italia for the 2022 tariff request 
- which should have been applied after the III Addendum became effective (i.e. from 29 March 2022) - have 
not yet been concluded, as they are known to be still ongoing.  
The administrative procedures to be carried out by the Concession Grantor and the Transport Regulatory 
Athority should be concluded by 31 December 2022. 
 
Support Decree 
 
In May 2022 the Government approved the Law Decree n. 50/2022, converted with amendments by Law no. 
91 of 15 July 2022 (so called “Support Decree”) to face the current exceptional increases of prices of building 
materials, as well as fuel and energy products.

--- Page 119 ---
110 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Art.27 of the Support Decree allows to adjust prices for capex plan projects on the basis of an updated official 
pricing list. It applies to relevant projects approved or about to be approved at the date of the Support Decree 
and to be awarded by 31.12.2023 (For capex that haven’t been submitted or approved the new price-list will be 
applied). Price increases will be included in the RAB and recovered through amortization.

--- Page 120 ---
111 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Autostrade Italia (the “Board of Directors”) has been composed of fourteen members 
since 5 May 2022, except for Mr. Gianluca Ricci, who has been appointed to the Board of Directors on 6 October 
2022.  The current members of the Board of Directors were elected on 5 May 2022 and will hold office until 
the shareholders’ meeting called for the approval of the financial statements for the year ending 
31 December 2024.  The current members of the Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Age 
Independence 
Elisabetta Oliveri .................................................................. 
Chairwoman ............................................ 
59 
Yes 
Roberto Tomasi .................................................................... 
Chief Executive Officer .......................... 
55 
No 
Gianluca Ricci ...................................................................... 
Deputy Chairman .................................... 
46 
No 
Massimo Romano ................................................................ 
Director ................................................... 
63 
Yes 
Francesca Pace ..................................................................... 
Director ................................................... 
61 
Yes 
Roberta Battaglia .................................................................. 
Director ................................................... 
39 
No 
Fabio Massoli ....................................................................... 
Director ................................................... 
53 
No 
Andrea Valeri ....................................................................... 
Director ................................................... 
50 
No 
Jonathan Grant Kelly............................................................ 
Director ................................................... 
40 
No 
Sergio Buoncristiano ............................................................ 
Director ................................................... 
50 
Yes 
Robert Edward William Desmond Watt ............................... 
Director ................................................... 
35 
No 
Fulvio Conti ......................................................................... 
Director ................................................... 
75 
Yes 
Christoph Holzer .................................................................. 
Director ................................................... 
43 
Yes 
Hongcheng Li ....................................................................... 
Director ................................................... 
53 
Yes 
_________ 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had no outstanding loans to members of the Board of Directors.  
Other offices held by members of the Board of Directors 
The table below sets forth the offices on the Boards of Directors, other than those within the Issuer, held by the 
members of Autostrade Italia’s Board of Directors. 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside of Issuer 
Elisabetta Oliveri .................. Chairman of the Board 
of Directors ................  
Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of SAGAT S.p.A.
 
 
Director of ERG S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of Industrie De Nora S.p.A.  
 
 
Director of Trevi Finanziaria Industriale S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of Stella S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of Fondazione Centro Nazionale di Ricerca High-Performance 
Computing, Big Data and Quantum Computing 
 
 
Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of Fondazione Furio Solinas 
ONLUS 
Roberto Tomasi .................... Chief Executive 
Officer 
Chief Executive Officer of Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A.
 
 
Deputy Chairman of AISCAT 
 
 
Chairman of Consorzio Elis 
Gianluca Ricci ...................... Deputy Chairman .......  
Director of Open Fiber S.p.A. 
 
 
Deputy Chairman of Open Fiber S.p.A. 
 
 
Manager of MGIF Mandel Holdings S.à.r.l.  
Massimo Romano ................ Director ......................  
Sole Director of Alfa Consulting S.r.l. 
 
 
Liquidator of Alfa Salento S.r.l. in liquidazione 
Francesca Pace ..................... Director ......................  
Director of AEFFE S.p.A. 
Roberta Battaglia .................. Director ......................  
Head of Infrastructure of CDP Equity S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of Open Fiber Holdings S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of Open Fiber S.p.A. 
Fabio Massoli ....................... Director ......................  
Administration Finance and Control Director of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti 
S.p.A. 
 
 
Professor of Master Corporate Finance/Financial Risk 
Management/Derivatives at Luiss Business School

--- Page 121 ---
112 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside of Issuer 
Andrea Valeri ....................... Director ......................  
Director of JOA Corporate SAS 
 
 
Director of SuperBet 
 
 
Director of Murka 
 
 
Director of KP1 
 
 
Director of Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of Schema Alfa S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of SchemaQuarantadue S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of Società Agricola Tenuta Montione S.s. 
Jonathan Grant Kelly............ Director ......................  
Director of Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of The Childhood Trust 
Sergio Buoncristiano ............ Director ......................  
Director of Cofle S.p.A. 
Robert Edward William 
Desmond Watt ..................... 
Director ......................  
Managing Director within Macquarie Asset Management 
 
 
Director of Farnborough Airport (UK) 
Fulvio Conti ......................... Director ......................  
Sole Director of FAS Partners srl 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of SGI Società Gasdotti Italia SpA 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Fondo Italiano per l’Efficienza 
Energetica SGR SpA  
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Innova Italy Partners S.r.l. 
 
 
Director of AON plc 
 
 
Director of Take Off SpA  
Christoph Holzer .................. Director ......................  
Managing Director of Allianz Leben Infrastrukturfonds GmbH 
 
 
Managing Director of APKV Infrastrukturfonds GmbH 
 
 
Managing Director of AZ-SGD Infrastrukturfonds GmbH 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Appia Investments S.r.l. 
 
 
Non-Executive Director of ITALO Nuovo Trasporto Viaggiatori S.p.A. 
 
 
Director of NeuConnect Britain Ltd. 
 
 
Director of NeuConnect Deutschland GmbH 
Hongcheng Li ....................... Director ......................  
Nominee director of Silver Amber Investment Ltd. 
 
 
Nominee director of PEHP Inc. 
 
 
Nominee director of SDMG Inc. 
 
 
Nominee director of BNR Lotus Holding Limited 
 
 
Nominee director of ACWA Power Harbin Holdings Limited 
 
 
Nominee director of China Three Gorges South Asia Investment Limited 
Internal Committees 
Under the authority conferred on it by the articles of association of ASPI, the Board of Directors has established 
specific committees consisting of some of its members in order to increase the efficiency and the effectiveness 
of its activities. Such committees have a consultative and advisory role. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Board of Directors has set up the following committees: 
- 
Committee for works, responsible for, inter alia, monitoring the status and completion of major works 
carried out by the Group; 
- 
Remuneration and Appointments Committee, which will assist the Board of Directors in the relevant 
evaluations and resolutions on remuneration and appointments; 
- 
Control, Risks, Audit and Related Parties Committee, which will assist the Board of Directors in 
the relevant evaluations and resolutions on internal control system, risk management, internal audit, and 
related parties transactions; 
- 
Environmental, Social and Governance & Health and Safety Committee which will assist the Board 
of Directors in the relevant evaluations and resolutions on ESG and HSE topics. 
Supervisory Body 
Autostrade Italia’s Supervisory Body was established in implementation of the provisions of Decree 231 with 
the task of defining an organisation, management and control model for all the companies of the Group, in order 
to notify Autostrade Italia’s responsibility with regard to unlawful administrative actions. The current 
Supervisory Body is chaired by Anna Doro Tempestini.

--- Page 122 ---
113 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Senior Management 
The principal executive officers of Autostrade Italia and of the Group are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
Age 
Elisabetta Oliveri .................... 
Chairwoman .................................................................................................................. 
58 
Roberto Tomasi ...................... 
Chief Executive Officer – General Manager ................................................................. 
54 
Gianluca Ricci ........................ 
Depuy Chairman ........................................................................................................... 
46 
Nicola Allocca........................ 
Risk, Compliance and Quality Director. ....................................................................... 
45 
Amedeo Gagliardi .................. 
Director of Legal Affairs .............................................................................................. 
50 
Emilia Gagliano Candela ....... 
Director of Purchase and Procurement.......................................................................... 
46 
Vincenzo Cuda ....................... 
Internal Audit Director .................................................................................................. 
40 
Alberto Milvio........................ 
Chief Financial Officer ................................................................................................. 
63 
Gian Luca Orefice .................. 
Human Capital, Organization and HSE Director .......................................................... 
52 
Pier Francesco Ragni 
Study and Strategies Director 
51 
Massimo Iossa ........................ 
Director of Marketing, Brand Strategy and Customer Experience ................................ 
54 
Carlo Parmeggiani .................. 
Director of External Relations and Institutional Affairs ............................................... 
64 
Umberto Vallarino ................. 
Director of Finance ....................................................................................................... 
58 
Danilo Gismondi .................... 
Director of IT and Digital Trasformation…………………………………………. ...... 
47 
Giulio Bozzini ........................ 
Planning and Control Director ...................................................................................... 
59 
Luca Fontana .......................... 
Engineering and Construction Business Unit Director.................................................. 
54 
Fernando De Maria ................ 
Operation Business Unit Director ................................................................................. 
47 
Giorgio Moroni ...................... 
Director of Service Areas .............................................................................................. 
54 
Marco Perna ........................... 
Maintenance and Plant Engineering Director ............................................................... 
46 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to Italian law, the Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) must oversee Autostrade Italia’s 
compliance with applicable laws and bylaws, proper administration, the adequacy of internal controls and 
accounting reporting systems as well as the adequacy of provisions concerning the supply of information by 
subsidiaries.  The Board of Statutory Auditors is required to report specific matters to shareholders and, if 
necessary, to the relevant court.  Autostrade Italia’s directors are obliged to report to the Board of Statutory 
Auditors promptly, and at least quarterly, regarding material activities and transactions carried out by Autostrade 
Italia.  Any member of the Board of Statutory Auditors may request information directly from Autostrade Italia 
and any two members of the Board of Statutory Auditors may convene meetings of the shareholders, the Board 
of Directors, seek information on management from the Directors, carry out inspections and verifications at the 
company and exchange information with Autostrade Italia’s external auditors.  The members of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors are required to be present at meetings of the Board of Directors and shareholders’ meetings. 
Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are elected by the shareholders for a three year term and may be 
re-elected.  Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors may be removed only for just cause and with the 
approval of an Italian court.  The term of office of the present members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, who 
were appointed on 5 May 2022 is scheduled to expire at the shareholders’ meeting called for the purpose of 
approving Autostrade Italia’s financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023. 
The current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are as follows: 
Name(*) 
Title 
Principal activities outside of Issuer 
Angelo Gervaso Colombo .........  
Chairman .............................  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fedex Express Italy S.r.l. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Gruppo Cimbali S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Maersk Italia S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Oliver Wyman S.r.l. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Open Fiber S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Safety Kleen Italia S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of S.G.I. S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of TNT Global Express S.r.l. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Vado Gateway S.p.A. 
 
 
Statutory Auditor of Marsh S.p.A. 
 
 
Statutory Auditor of Sky Italia S.r.l. 
Franco Cadoppi .........................  
Auditor ................................  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of CARECA Italia S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of CARECA S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of E4 Computer Engineering 
S.p.A. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of GEMA – Magazzini Generali 
Banca Popolare di Verona Banco S. Gimignano e S. Prospero S.p.A.

--- Page 123 ---
114 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Name(*) 
Title 
Principal activities outside of Issuer 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Organismo Controllo Qualità 
Produzioni Regolamentate S.C. 
 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Al Centro S.p.A. 
 
 
Deputy Chairman of Enrico Giovanzana S.r.l. 
Marino Marrazza .......................  
Auditor ................................  
Statutory Auditor of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane – FS S.p.A. 
 
 
Account Auditor of Rioda Imm.re S.r.l. 
 
 
Account Auditor of Fondazione Pubblicità Progresso 
 
 
Account Auditor of VITA Editoriale 
Donato Liguori ..........................  
Auditor ................................  
Government Manager of Gestione governativa navigazione laghi 
 
 
Administrative manager of Ministero delle infrastrutture e della mobilità 
sostenibili 
 
 
Statutory Auditor of Gestioni Aeroporti Sardi S.p.A. 
 
 
Statutory Auditor of Società per Azioni Autovie Venete 
 
 
Statutory Auditor of Autorità di Sistema Portuale del Mar Tirreno centro 
settentrionale 
Roberto Colussi .........................  
Auditor ................................  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Italthierry Auto Leather S.p.A.
Statutory Auditor of Titan Italia S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Italtractor ITM S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Turboden S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Eni Mediterranea Idrocarburi S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Mase Generators S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Patheon Italia S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Goppion S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Suez Trattamento Acque 
S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Tupperware Italia S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of M.M. Automobili Italia S.p.A.  
Special Prosecutor of Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas  
Statutory Auditor of S&P Global Italy S.r.l.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditor of Altroconsumo Edizioni S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Kodak S.p.A.  
Shareholder and Director of Immobiliare Pontaccio di Giuseppe Deiure e C. 
S.N.C.  
Alternate Statutory Auditor of Versalis S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of 3lettronica Industriale S.p.A.  
Alternate Statutory Auditor of AGB N.M.R. Holding S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of ITX Italia S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Expertise S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of ITNET S.r.l.  
Sole Director of Archimede Securitisation S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of The Nielseniq (Italy) S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Valassis S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Eni Plenitude S.p.A. Società benefit  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Farmo S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of IPG Photonics (Italy) S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Autostrade and Logistics S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fermi S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Wind Tre Italia S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Affidea Lombardia S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Wind Tre S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Belron Italia S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Symi S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of PIA S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Transmed S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of IEOC S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of IGS S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Johnson Control Systems and Service Italy S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Vitale & Co Holding S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Affidea S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Wind Tre Retail S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Objectway S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Sarpi Waste Services Italia 
S.r.l.  
Liquidator of NL Investments I S.r.l.  
Alternate Statutory Auditor of Eni West Africa S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of McGraw-Hill Education (Italy) S.r.l.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Nuova Castelli Group S.p.A. in 
liquidazione 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of WRH1 S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Johnson Controls Italia S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Johnson Controls Automotive S.r.l.  
Sole Director of Panthom S.r.l.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of UCFS Italia S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Verde 21 S.p.A SB 
Sole Shareholders and Chairman of the Board of Directors of CFO S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of RB S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Polos S.r.l.

--- Page 124 ---
115 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Name(*) 
Title 
Principal activities outside of Issuer 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of DGG S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Nielsen Media Services Italy S.r.l. 
Sole Director of THXD S.r.l.  
Sole Director of Equity Venture Club S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditor of Tethys Holding S.r.l.  
Alternate Statutory Auditor of Novamont S.p.A. 
Alternate Statutory Auditor of Mater-Biopolymer S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Criocabin S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Iniziativa Medica S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of Stern Energy S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Gen Set S.p.A. 
Sole Director of 4BEM S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of Promea S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of Promeafin S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditor of IRMET S.r.l.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Innogest SGR S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Salvaterra, Save The Land, La 
Castellana, Antica Vigna, S.T., G.A.N., V.L.C., S.T.L., L.A.C., Corte Giona, 
Tenute Salvaterra, Riposato S.r.l. 
_________ 
(*) As at 30 June 2022, the Group had no outstanding loans to members of the Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 125 ---
116 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
Ownership Structure 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. holds 88.06% of the share capital of 
ASPI, other shareholders are Appia Investment S.r.l., holding 6.94% and Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd, holding 5% 
of the share capital of ASPI.   
The following table shows the shareholders of Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. as of 20 December 2022. 
Shareholder 
Number of shares 
held 
Ownership 
Interest 
Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. .................................................................................. 
547,776,698 
88.06% 
Appia Investment S.r.l. .................................................................................................. 
43,148,952 
6.94% 
Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd ............................................................................................... 
31,101,350 
5.00% 
Total ............................................................................................................................. 
622,027,000 
100.00% 
 
_________ 
(1) Source:  Autostrade Italia’s company Search, dated 20 December 2022. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. (“HRA”) is owned: 
 
51% by CDP Equity S.p.A. (“CDP Equity”) through shares of class A¸ 
 
24.5% by entities controlled, advised or managed by affiliates of Blackstone Inc. (individually or 
together with its affiliates as the context may require (“Blackstone”)) through shares of class B; and  
 
 and 24.5% is owned by an entity controlled, advised or managed by affiliates of Macquarie Group 
Limited (“Macquarie”) through shares of class C. Each share in HRA of any class grants to the relevant 
shareholder one voting right in HRA’s shareholders’ meetings. 
HRA Shareholders’ Agreement 
On 3 May 2022, CDP Equity and the entities belonging to, respectively, Blackstone and Macquarie (i.e., on one 
hand, BIP Miro (Lux) SCSp and BIP-V Miro (Lux) SCSp and, on the other, Italian Motorway Holdings 
S.À.R.L.) entered into a shareholders’ agreement (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”) governing the relationship 
among the parties with respect to their shareholdings in HRA and the corporate governance of HRA, ASPI and 
any subsidiary of ASPI., as partly published on Autostrade Meridionali website at the following link 
http://www.autostrademeridionali.it/it/patti-parasociali. 
The Shareholders’ Agreement became effective on 5 May 2022 as a result of the completion of the acquisition 
by HRA of the entire shareholding held in ASPI by Atlantia S.p.A.. For additional information, see “Business 
Description of the Group – Recent Developments”. The Shareholders’ Agreement will expire on the earlier of 
the following dates: (i) 5 May 2025 (the “Initial Term”) and (ii) the date on which the Shareholders’ Agreement 
is jointly terminated by the parties by means of a written agreement. The Shareholders’ Agreement will be 
automatically renewed on the Initial Term and each third anniversary thereafter, unless any party to the 
Shareholders’ Agreement notifies the termination thereof at least 12 months in advance of the Initial Term or 
each of the third anniversary thereafter.  
Below is a summary of the principal provisions of the Shareholders’ Agreement that pertain to the corporate 
governance of HRA: 
• 
Board Appointment/Removal—each class of shares is entitled to appoint one member of the board of 
directors for each stake equal or higher than 11.15% of HRA share capital represented by such class of 
shares. Directors appointed by holders of a class of shares may be removed by the same holders. To the 
extent class A shares represent not less than 30% of HRA’s share capital, holders of class A shares will 
appoint the Chairperson and the CEO. Otherwise, the Chairperson and the CEO will be jointly appointed 
by holders of class of shares representing more than 15% of HRA’s share capital. 
• 
Board Meetings—board meeting resolutions will be approved in accordance with the quorum and majority 
required under Italian law. However, the approval of resolutions relating to certain matters (including, inter

--- Page 126 ---
117 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
alia, approval of, the entering into, or termination of, partnerships, profit sharing or joint ventures 
agreements; granting loans or incurring financial indebtedness exceeding a de minimis threshold; 
transactions with related parties; purchase of additional ASPI’s shares or sale of all or part of ASPI’s shares; 
purchase or disposal of assets exceeding a de minimis threshold other than as set out in the business plan; 
the exercise of voting rights in ASPI’s shareholders’ meeting with respect to certain items; changes to the 
powers granted to the Chairperson, the CEO and the CFO; material changes to accounting or tax principles 
or policies with reference to ASPI’s financial statements; approval of, or amendment to, the business plan 
and budget; establishment of any internal committee; remuneration of senior managers and incentive plans; 
approval of, or material amendments to, environmental, occupational safety and health, anti-
corruption/bribery/sanctions, social or govenance policies; strategy of interaction with public or regulatory 
authorities; capex and opex not included in the business plan; granting of encumbrance over HRA’s assets; 
guarantees or indemnities exceeding a de minimis threshold; insurance agreements) requires the favourable 
vote of the majority directors in attendance, provided that such majority include the favourable vote of at 
least one director designated each class of shares holding a stake of at least 15% of HRA’s share capital, 
unless in case of abstention of all directors of HRA appointed by a same class of shares due to a conflict of 
interests or failure to attend duly convened HRA’s Board  meetings for two consecutive calls by all 
directors of HRA appointed by a same class of shares (in such events, the relevant resolution may be 
adopted without the vote of the directors appointed by such class of shares)  . 
• 
Shareholders’ Resolutions—each shareholders’ resolution will be approved in accordance with the quorum 
and majority required under Italian law. However, the approval of certain matters (including, inter alia, 
amendments to the by-laws; extraordinary transactions, such as share capital increases, mergers, demergers 
and transformations; issuance of securities and/or other instruments convertible into HRA shares; changes 
to the dividend policy; changes to the capital structure policy; liquidation and/or winding-up of HRA; 
material changes to accounting or tax principles or policies with reference to HRA financial statements or 
tax position; remuneration of senior managers and incentive plans; authorization to any resolution of 
HRA’s Board on purchase of additional ASPI’s shares and/or sale of all or part of ASPI’s shares; material 
changes to the scope or nature of HRA, ASPI and any of their subsidiaries) requires the favourable vote of 
holders of shares representing more than 50% of HRA’s share capital which shall include also the 
favourable vote of the holders of more than 50% of each class of shares representing at least 15% of HRA’s 
share capital. 
Below is a summary of the principal provisions of the Shareholders’ Agreement that pertain to the corporate 
governance of ASPI: 
• 
Board Appointment/Removal—each class of shares is entitled to provide instructions to HRA in order to 
designate one non-independent director within the board of directors of ASPI for each 11.15% of HRA 
share capital represented by such class of shares. Each class of shares is entitled to provide instructions to 
HRA in order to designate a number of independent directors within the board of ASPI equal to half of the 
number of non-independent directors such class of shares has the right to designate (rounded down to the 
nearest integral).Directors appointed by holders of a class of shares may be removed by the same holders. 
To the extent class A shares represent more than 30% of HRA’s share capital, holders of class A shares 
will provide instructions to HRA to appoint, among the ASPI Directors designated by them, the 
Chairperson and the CEO of ASPI. Otherwise, the Chairperson and the CEO will be designated by HRA 
upon instructions received jointly by holders of class of shares representing more than 15% of HRA’s share 
capital. The Shareholders’ Agreement provides that the CEO of HRA shall be also the CEO of ASPI and 
the CFO of HRA shall be also the CFO of ASPI. 
• 
Board Meetings—board meeting resolutions will be approved in accordance with the quorum and majority 
required under Italian law. However, the approval of resolutions relating to certain matters (including, inter 
alia, items set out under Articles 31.5 and 33.3 of ASPI’s by-laws; capex exceeding a de minimis amount 
or opex not provided for in the business plan exceeding a de minimis amount; guarantees and indemnities 
exceeding a de minimis amount;  approval of, the entering into, or termination of, partnerships, profit 
sharing or joint ventures agreements; granting loans or incurring financial indebtedness not in compliance 
with the capital structure policy ; transactions with related parties; issuance of securities and/or other 
financial instruments convertible into ASPI shares; purchase or disposal of assets other than as set out in 
business plan; changes to the powers granted to the Chairperson, the CEO and the CFO; material changes 
to accounting or tax principles or policies with reference to ASPI’s financial statements; approval of, or

--- Page 127 ---
118 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
amendment to, the business plan and budget; establishment of internal committee; remuneration of senior 
managers and incentive plans; approval of, or material amendments to, environmental, occupation safety 
and health, anti-corruption/bribery/sanctions, social or governance policies; strategy of interaction with 
public or regulatory authorities; settlement of claims exceeding a de minimis threshold; entering into, 
amendments to or termination of material agreements exceeding a de minimis threshold) requires the 
favourable vote of the majority directors in attendance, provided that such majority include the favourable 
vote of at least one director (other than the independent directors) designated by HRA upon the instructions 
received by each class of shares holding a stake of at least 15% of HRA’s share capital, unless in case of 
abstention of all directors designated by HRA upon the instructions received by a same class of shares due 
to a conflict of interests or in case of  these latter, fail to attend duly convened HRA’s Board  meetings for 
two consecutive calls (in such events, the relevant resolution may be adopted without the vote of the 
directors designated by HRA upon the instructions of such class of shares). 
• 
Shareholders’ Resolutions—HRA’s voting instructions to the person representing HRA at the 
shareholders’ meeting of ASPI will be resolved within the board of directors of HRA in accordance with 
the quorum and majority required under Italian law. However, the voting instructions regarding the 
approval or rejection of  resolutions relating to certain matters (including, inter alia, matters as set out in 
article 25.2 of ASPI’s by-laws; issuance of securities convertible into ASPI shares; changes to the dividend 
policy or the approval of dividends not in compliance with the dividend policy; changes to the financial 
structure policy; material changes to the corporate object of ASPI and any of its subsidiaries; remuneration 
of senior managers and incentive plans) shall be approved in accordance with the reinforced majority for 
HRA’s board resolutions. 
• 
Governance of ASPI’s subsidiaries—ASPI’s CEO will manage the governance of ASPI’s subsidiaries in 
accordance with applicable standards and laws. However, matters to be resolved at ASPI’s subsidiaries 
shareholders’ meetings or board meetings that would require an enhanced majority if passed by ASPI’s 
shareholders’ meetings or board meeting will be subject to the approval of ASPI’s board meeting applying 
enhanced majorities. 
Below is a summary of the principal provisions of the Shareholders’ Agreement that pertain to the shareholdings 
of the parties in HRA: 
• 
Share Transfers—parties are subject to lock-up up to 5 May 2027, subject to certain exceptions. Following 
the expiration of the lock-up period, transfer of shares is allowed only to the extent provided for in the 
Shareholders’ Agreement. In this respect, the Shareholders’ Agreement sets forth exit procedures, 
including rights of first offer, tag-along rights, drag-along rights, and earn-outs, with respect to HRA’s 
shares. In addition, parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement have undertaken not to dispose of their shares 
in HRA if such transaction would result in a change of control triggering. 
• 
Dividend Policy—the Shareholders’ Agreement provides that HRA, ASPI and their respective subsidiaries 
shall distribute the available cash to their shareholders on a halfy-yearly basis (as to ASPI and their 
respective subsidiaries, out of net income and retained earnings), subject to compliance with applicable 
laws and the Concession, and in accordance with the by-laws of HRA and ASPI, as well as the capital 
structure policy. 
Capital Structure Policy—the Shareholders’ Agreement provides that the HRA and ASPI final structures shall 
be compatible with investment grade metrics agreed upon by the parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement.  
• 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), with or without interest coupons 
attached, or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be 
issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes will be issued both outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S or otherwise in private transactions that are exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 128 ---
119 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note, without interest coupons, 
or a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Each Bearer Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The clearing system will be notified prior to the 
Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes as to whether the Notes are to be issued in NGN form or CGN form. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as at 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In respect of the Notes in bearer form, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA C”) 
or U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA D”) are applicable in relation to the Notes, 
or that TEFRA is not applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without interest 
coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, 
without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note 
unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, 
interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specify that TEFRA C is applicable or that TEFRA is not applicable, then the Notes

--- Page 129 ---
120 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that TEFRA D is applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of 
a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form.  As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited 
circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of 
a minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000 or €99,000.  For the avoidance of doubt, each 
holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an 
amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note.  However, 
a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive 
Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the 
minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange.  Where the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the 
Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to 
Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 130 ---
121 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (“Registered 
Global Notes”).  Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable 
to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such 
Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer.  The clearing system will be 
notified prior to the Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes as to whether the Notes are to be held under the NSS 
or otherwise. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding 
structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with 
market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the “New Safekeeping Structure” or 
“NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), subject to the conclusion of 
the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press release also stated that the new arrangements for 
Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as at 30 June 2010 
and that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New 
Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by a Registered Global Note will either be:  (a) in the case of a Certificate which is not 
to be held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Registered Global Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Registered 
Global Note to be held under the NSS, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered 
form. 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 1 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the 
Issuer, the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an

--- Page 131 ---
122 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (1) in the case of Notes registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently 
to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available, or 
(2) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 8 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which would not be required were the Registered Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form or (3) such other event as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (2) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice is 
received by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note.  No beneficial owner of an 
interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable.  
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note 
and a holder of such Note so represented and credited to his account with the relevant clearing system(s) gives 
notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving of such notice 
payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such Global Note, holders of 
interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) will become entitled 
to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing 
system(s) on and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 132 ---
123 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
For so long as any Bearer Notes are represented by Bearer Global Notes and such Bearer Global Note(s) is/are 
held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Notes to be redeemed will be 
required under Condition 6(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at the option of the Issuer in the event 
that the Issuer exercises its option pursuant such Condition 6(f) in respect of less than the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding at such time.  In such event, the partial redemption will be effected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion). 
Payment Business days 
Notwithstanding the definition of “business day” in Condition 7(g) (Non-Business days), while all the Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, “business day” means:  (i) (in the case of payment in euro) any day which is a 
TARGET Business Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or (ii) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) any day which is a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent 
Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; except that for so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is also a requirement of applicable laws or regulations, 
such notices shall also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin, which as of the date of this Offering 
Circular is https://live.euronext.com/, the Issuer’s website and through other appropriate public announcements 
and/or regulatory filings pursuant to mandatory provisions of Italian law.

--- Page 133 ---
124 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
completed in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series.  Either (i) the full 
text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), 
shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes.  All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be.  References 
in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the 
“Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated 22 December 2022 between Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. (“Autostrade 
Italia” or the “Issuer”, which expression shall include any company substituted in place of the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 11(f) or any permitted successor(s) or assignee(s)) and BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the 
trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below).  These terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below.  An 
Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 22 
December 2022 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New 
York Mellon as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it.  The issuing and paying agent, 
the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression 
shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall 
include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
Copies of, inter alia, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by appointment 
during normal business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at 160 Queen Victoria Street, 
EC4V 4LA London, United Kingdom) and at the specified office of each of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and any other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents being 
together referred to as the “Agents”) at the Trustee’s and the relevant Agent’s option, such inspection may be 
provided electronically.  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable by appointment during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents at the relevant Agent’s option, such inspection may 
be provided electronically save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note, the Final Terms will only be obtainable by 
a Noteholder holding one of more unlisted Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and of the Noteholder’s identity. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Bearer Notes 
and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency 
Agreement. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) in 
each case in the Specified Denomination(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 134 ---
125 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same 
holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery.  Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”).  Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not 
it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on 
the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note 
is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein or in 
the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to 
be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form 
of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and 
any other evidence as the Registrar or the Transfer Agent may reasonably require.  In the case 
of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor.  All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee.  
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder 
upon request. 
(b) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of any redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer or Noteholders in respect 
of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect 
of the balance of the holding not redeemed.  In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates 
shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms.  New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent.  In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be 
issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.

--- Page 135 ---
126 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a) or (b) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange.  
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or 
of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for 
exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option 
of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant 
request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be 
so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer 
Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify.  In 
this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which 
banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent 
or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option 
or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the 
period of fifteen (15) days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the 
period of fifteen (15) days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by 
the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(f), (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption or (iv) during the period of seven (7) days ending on (and including) any Record 
Date. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes constitute “obbligazioni” pursuant to Article 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code.  The 
Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to the provisions of Condition 4(a) (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are 
both mandatory and of general application. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
neither the Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (“Security”) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant 
Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, except for Permitted 
Encumbrances (as defined below) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed (A) are secured equally and 
rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in 
substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, in each case to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other 
arrangement as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less

--- Page 136 ---
127 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by a Resolution (as defined 
in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Autostrade Italia Concession” means the legal concession granted by the MIT as concession 
grantor to Autostrade Italia pursuant to the Roadway Regulations, to construct and 
commercially to operate part of the toll highway infrastructure in Italy under terms and 
conditions provided under the Single Concession Contract; 
“Consolidated Assets” means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total assets of the 
Group for such date, as reported in the most recently published consolidated financial 
statements of the Group; 
“Consolidated Revenues” means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total revenues of 
the Group for such date, as reported in the most recently published consolidated financial 
statements of the Group; 
“Entity” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, foundation, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not 
having separate legal personality; 
“Group” means Autostrade Italia and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“Holding Company” means, in relation to a company or corporation, any other company or 
corporation in respect of which it is a Subsidiary; 
“Material Subsidiary” means any member of the Group which accounts for more than 10% 
of the Consolidated Assets or Consolidated Revenues of the Group; 
“MIT” means the Ministry of the Sustainable Infrastructure and Transport of the Republic of 
Italy; 
“Permitted Encumbrance” means: 
(i) 
any lien arising by operation of law or required by the Autostrade Italia Concession; 
(ii) 
any Security in existence on the Issue Date of the Notes; 
(iii) 
in the case of any Entity which becomes a Subsidiary (or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
which is deemed to become a Material Subsidiary) of any member of the Group after 
the Issue Date of the Notes, any Security securing Relevant Debt existing over its assets 
at the time it becomes such a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary (as applicable) provided 
that the Security was not created in contemplation of or in connection with it becoming 
a Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary (as applicable) and the amounts secured have not 
been increased in contemplation of or in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
any Security created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the Security 
is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be converted 
and secures only the obligations of the Issuer or any relevant Material Subsidiary, as 
the case may be, to effect the conversion of the bonds or notes into such assets; 
(v) 
any Security securing Relevant Debt created in substitution of any Security permitted 
under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above over the same or substituted assets provided that 
(1) the principal amount secured by the substitute security does not exceed the principal 
amount outstanding and secured by the initial Security and (2) in the case of substituted 
assets, the market value of the substituted assets as at the time of substitution does not 
exceed the market value of the assets replaced, as determined and confirmed in writing 
to the Trustee by the Issuer; and

--- Page 137 ---
128 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
any Security other than Security permitted under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above directly 
or indirectly securing Relevant Debt, where the principal amount of such Relevant Debt 
(taken on the date such Relevant Debt is incurred) which is secured or is otherwise 
directly or indirectly preferred to other general unsecured financial indebtedness of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, does not exceed in aggregate 10% of the total net 
shareholders’ equity of the Group (as disclosed in the most recent annual audited and 
unaudited semi-annual consolidated balance sheet of Autostrade Italia); 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means indebtedness where the recourse of the creditors 
thereof is limited to any or all of (a) the relevant Project (or the concession or assets related 
thereto), (b) the share capital of, or other equity contribution to, the Entity or Entities 
developing, financing or otherwise directly involved in the relevant Project; and (c) other credit 
support (including, without limitation, completion guarantees and contingent equity 
obligations) customarily provided in support of such indebtedness; 
“Project” means any project carried out by an Entity pursuant to one or more contracts for the 
development, design, construction, upgrading, operation and/or maintenance of any 
infrastructure or related/ancillary businesses, where any member of the Group has an interest 
in the Entity (whether alone or together with other partners) and any member of the Group 
finances the investment required in the Project with Project Finance Indebtedness, shareholder 
loans and/or its share capital or other equity contributions; 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, or other securities that are for the time being, or are intended to be, 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or any other securities market 
(including any over-the-counter market) except that in no event shall indebtedness in respect of 
any Project Finance Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity of the same) be considered as 
“Relevant Debt”; 
“Roadway Regulations” means the regulatory framework for the granting by the MIT to third 
parties of the concessions to construct and commercially operate part of the toll highway 
infrastructure in Italy (including, but not limited, to laws No. 462/1955; No. 729/1961; 
No. 385/1968; No. 531/1982; No. 498/1992; No. 537/1993; No. 286/2006; No. 296/2006; 
No. 101/2008; CIPESS Directive 39/2007 and Law Decree 98 of 6 July 2011; Law Decree 109 
of 28 September 2018; Legislative Decree 50 of 18 April 2016; Law Decree 162 of 
30 December 2019; ART Resolution 16 of 18 February 2018 and ART Resolution 71 of 
19 June 2019); 
“Single Concession Contract” means the concession agreement entered into on 
12 October 2007 between Autostrade Italia and ANAS S.p.A. (subsequently replaced by the 
MIT) which governs the Autostrade Italia Concession, as approved by Law No. 101/2008, as 
from time to time amended and supplemented; and 
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Entity at any particular time, any company or 
corporation in which: 
(a) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders’ meeting 
is held, directly or indirectly, by the Entity; or 
(b) 
the Entity holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give the Entity a 
dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary shareholders’ meeting of such 
company or corporation, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No. 1 and 2, of the Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 138 ---
129 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  If a Fixed Coupon 
Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be 
payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The 
amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note for any period for which no Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified shall be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(g) below. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date.  Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the applicable Final Terms 
as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination 
shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate.  For the purposes of this

--- Page 139 ---
130 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as 
defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (I) unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA at www.isda.org); or (II) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined 
therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series, (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under 
which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have 
the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In connection with any Compounding/Averaging Method or Index Method 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA definitions to: 
- “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
- “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
- “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
- “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
If the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions: 
- “Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
- if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the 
definition of “Temporary Non-Publication–Alternative Rate” shall be replaced 
by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 140 ---
131 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of 
such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(1) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is 
a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one 
entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(2) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if 
sub-paragraph (1)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page 
at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if 
sub-paragraph (1)(II) above applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates 
appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference 
Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(3) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Issuer 
determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the 
Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency that at least two out of five leading banks selected by the 
Issuer in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency or, if the Specified Currency is euro, in the Euro-zone as 
selected by the Issuer (the “Principal Financial Centre”) are quoting 
at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would 
customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective 
Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading 
banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Issuer determines that 
fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in 
Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any 
Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which Rate of Interest is to be determined in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 141 ---
132 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be determined) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be 
determined), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall appoint an Independent 
Adviser to determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, 
the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(D) 
Compounding 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and: (I) Compounding with Lookback is specified 
as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; (II) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is specified as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or (III) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(E) 
Averaging 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: (I) Averaging with Lookback is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in 
relevant Final Terms; (II) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified 
as the Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or (III) Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (y) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (z) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 142 ---
133 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(F) 
Index Provisions 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be 
applicable and, (I) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and (II) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, 
the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount 
of such Zero Coupon Note.  As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(c)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in 
this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, Rate 
Multipliers and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either 
(x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value 
(if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, then (subject to Condition 6(a)) any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may 
be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen.  
For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount of such Note by the 
Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in 
respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for 
such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula).  Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the

--- Page 143 ---
134 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of 
interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable is respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such 
other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other 
relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the fourth Business Day after such determination.  Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and 
the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance 
with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires.  The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres.

--- Page 144 ---
135 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, an amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, which may be less than, or equal to, but not greater than, the Specified 
Denomination for such Series. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual — ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(v) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(vi) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Note Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30 day months (unless (a) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30 day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30 day month)); 
(viii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30;

--- Page 145 ---
136 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(ix) 
if “Actual/Actual - ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
(x) 
if “30E/360 – ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date 
relates. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 146 ---
137 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given it in the Trust Deed. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time), unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Noteholders’ Representative” has the meaning given it in the Trust Deed. 
“Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (or any successor replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service) (including, but not limited to, Reuters EURIBOR 01 (“Reuters”)) as may 
be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Relevant Rate. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none, four major banks selected by the Issuer in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone). 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the 
case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Rate” means EURIBOR (or any successor or replacement rate) as specified on the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the 
local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered 
rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant 
Financial Centre or, if no such customary local time exists, 11.00 hours in the Relevant

--- Page 147 ---
138 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Financial Centre and for the purpose of this definition “local time” means, with respect to 
Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels time. 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Trust Deed. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest 
Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii). 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other 
number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding.  If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable 
or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall (with the prior approval 
of the Trustee) appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
to act as such in its place.  Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of 
the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions.  If the Calculation 
Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the 
prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place.  The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 5, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate, and in each case an Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and whether any Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread no later than three 
(3) Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest 
Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”, and such next succeeding Interest 
Period, the “Affected Interest Period”) for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future

--- Page 148 ---
139 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(j) during any 
other future Interest Period(s)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer.  In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, any Paying Agent, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(j). 
If prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 5(j), then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j) no later than two Business Days prior to 
the Reset Determination Date (the “Issuer Determination Cut-Off Date”) for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period 
and all Interest Periods thereafter (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(j) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not determined 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(j) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall 
be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j) prior 
to the IA Determination Cut-off Date) prior to the Issuer Determination Cut-Off Date 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 5(j) during any other future Interest Period(s)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii) 
(Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(j) during any 
other future Interest Period(s)); 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(j)(i) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date) prior to the Issuer 
Determination Cut-Off Date acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be).

--- Page 149 ---
140 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date) prior to the Issuer Determination Cut-Off Date acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner determines (A) that amendments to these 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to any Reference 
Banks, Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Financial Centre and/or 
Relevant Screen Page (all as defined in the Final Terms) applicable to the Notes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with any 
applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document 
issued by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v) (Notices), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Trustee, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. At the request of the Issuer, but subject to 
receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 5(j), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur 
with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) whether or not such 
amendments are prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to 
the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent or 
any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser 
in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(j) to 
which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition5(j), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its 
own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent 
shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the

--- Page 150 ---
141 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability 
for not doing so. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) will be notified 
immediately by the Issuer to the Trustee and each of the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders and Couponholders.  Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(j)(i) to 5(j)(iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(b)(iii) above will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
(vii) 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) as a result 
of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied), 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of notes 
denominated in euro and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if 
such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate.

--- Page 151 ---
142 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that (a) the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
of its relevant underlying market or (b) the methodology to calculate the 
Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B), (C) and (E) above, the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on: 
(1) 
in the case of (B) above, the date of cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate; 
(2) 
in the case of (C) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate; 
(3) 
in the case of (E), the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
prohibited from use, 
and further provided that a change of the Original Reference Rate methodology that is 
not material does not constitute a Benchmark Event.  In the event of a change in the 
formula and/or (mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Original 
Reference Rate, reference shall be made to the Original Reference Rate based on the 
formula and/or methodology as changed. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i) (Independent Adviser). 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(G) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(H) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(j).

--- Page 152 ---
143 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(I) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(J) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Step Up Option and Premium Payment 
(i) 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 5(k)(i) (Step Up Option) applies to Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable (“Step Up 
Notes”). 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in this Condition 5 (Interest and other 
Calculations) and in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up Event has 
occurred, then for the calculation of the Interest Amount with respect to any Interest 
Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following 
the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by 
the relevant Step Up Margin (such increase, a “Step Up”).  
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up Events, or a 
Cumulative Step Up Event (comprising more than one Step Up Event), shall apply in 
respect of each Series of Step Up Notes and the relevant Step Up Margin in respect of 
each such event. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Cumulative Step Up Event is applicable 
(comprising more than one Step Up Event), upon the occurrence of all Step Up Events 
comprising the Cumulative Step Up Event the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by 
the Cumulative Step Up Margin from the next following Interest Period.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that more than one Step Up Event is applicable 
and specifies that a Cumulative Step Up Event is not applicable, upon the occurrence 
of any Step Up Event so specified, the Rate of (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or 
Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the relevant 
Step Up Margin for such Step Up Event from the next following Interest Period. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Event and the related increase in the 
Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Initial Margin (in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes) to be notified to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and, in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and

--- Page 153 ---
144 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
in no event later than the relevant Step Up Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes), the Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date. 
Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether 
a Step Up Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to 
this Condition 5(k)(i) (Step Up Option) without further enquiry or liability. 
(ii) 
Premium Payment 
This Condition 5(k)(ii) (Premium Payment) applies to Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Premium Payment Condition is applicable 
(“Premium Payment Notes”). 
If a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall – without prejudice 
to any other amount payable, if any, on such Premium Payment Date pursuant to these 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms – pay in respect of the relevant Premium 
Payment Notes an amount equal to the relevant Premium Payment Amount on the 
Premium Payment Date.  
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Premium Payment 
Trigger Events or a Cumulative Premium Payment Trigger Event (comprising more 
than one Premium Payment Trigger Event), shall apply in respect of each Series of Step 
Up Notes and the relevant Step Up Margin in respect of each such event. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Cumulative Premium Payment Trigger 
Event (comprising more than one Premium Payment Trigger Event), upon the 
occurrence of all Premium Payment Trigger Events comprising the Cumulative 
Premium Payment Trigger Event the Issuer shall – without prejudice to any other 
amount payable, if any, on such Premium Payment Date pursuant to these Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms – pay in respect of the relevant Premium Payment Notes 
an amount equal to the Cumulative Premium Payment Amount on the Premium 
Payment Date. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that more than one Premium Payment Trigger 
Event is applicable and specifies that a Cumulative Premium Payment Trigger Event 
is not applicable, upon the occurrence of any Premium Payment Trigger Event so 
specified, the Issuer shall – without prejudice to any other amount payable, if any, on 
such Premium Payment Date pursuant to these Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms – pay in respect of the relevant Premium Payment Notes an amount equal to the 
Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Premium Payment Trigger Event to be 
notified to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the 
relevant Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
Premium Payment Amount. 
Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether 
a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 5(k)(ii) (Premium Payment) without further enquiry or 
liability. 
(iii) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below:

--- Page 154 ---
145 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements; 
“Concession” refers to the Autostrade Italia Concession and any other concession to 
operate toll highway infrastructure held by the Group;  
“Cumulative Premium Payment Trigger Event” means the occurrence of all or a 
combination of (a) Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event and/or (b) a Scope 3 Emissions (A) 
Intensity Event and/or (c) a Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Event and/or (d) an EV 
Charging Points Event, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, in 
each case, as so specified as being the Cumulative Premium Payment Trigger Event; 
“Cumulative Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Cumulative Premium Payment Amount; 
 “Cumulative Step Up Event” means the occurrence of all or a combination of (a) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event and/or (b) a Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Event 
and/or (c) a Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Event and/or (d) an EV Charging Points 
Event, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, as so 
specified as being the Cumulative Step Up Event in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Cumulative Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Cumulative Step Up Margin; 
“Emissions Redetermination Event” means: 
(1) in relation to each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions and/or Scope 3 Emissions (A) 
and/or Scope 3 Emissions (B) the occurrence of any of the following: 
(I) 
any change to the business model (including as a result of of the outsourcing 
or insourcing of business activities or emitting activities) or the perimeter of 
the Group affecting (x) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and/or Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity during an 
Observation Period or (y) the Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions Baseline 
and/or Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline and/or Scope 
3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline; or 
(II) 
any correction of a data error or any correction of a number of cumulative 
errors; 
(III) 
any change in the calculation methodology or improvements in the accuracy 
of emission factors or activity data; 
(IV) 
any material adverse effect on (x) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and/or 
Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity in 
respect of the relevant Observation Period or (y) the Scope 1 and 2 
Redetermined Emissions Baseline and/or Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions 
(A) Intensity Baseline and/or Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity 
Baseline, in each case arising from an amendment to the Italian legal or 
regulatory framework applicable, directly and/or indirectly, to the operation of 
toll roads; 
(V) 
any event which, according to a recommendation published by the SBTi, 
requires a redetermination or recalculation of emissions; and 
(VI) 
changes in the mix of projects’ type required by the relevant Concession 
contract or limited availability of low emission construction materials in the 
market, 
which in each case accounts for (x) 5 per cent. or more of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Amount and/or Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity

--- Page 155 ---
146 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
or (y) a variation of 5 per cent. or more on the Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions 
Baseline and/or Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline and/or Scope 
3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline, as the case may be, in such 
Observation Period 
(2)  
the confirmation by the External Verifier in a report that such redetermination 
is consistent with the Issuer’s sustainability strategy; and 
(3)  
the publication by the Issuer of an explanation of the events requiring the 
redetermination and its quantum in the latest SLB Progress Report, 
(the later of the date on which the relevant report published by the External Verifier) 
or, as the case may be, the SLB Progress Report is published, the “Emissions 
Recalculation Date”). 
Any such Redetermination Event shall result in redetermination of either  (1) the Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Amount and/or Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 
Emissions (B) Intensity or (2) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline and/or Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline and/or Scope 3 Emissions (B) Baseline Intensity, and 
as of the Emissions Recalculation Date:  
(y) 
 the Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions Amount and/or Scope 3 
Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 Redetermined 
Emissions (B) Intensity shall replace the original Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Amount and/or Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 Emissions (B) 
Intensity and any reference to the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and/or 
Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity in 
these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Redetermined Amount and/or Scope 3 Redetermined 
Emissions (A) Intensity and/or Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity; 
or, in the alternative 
(z)  
the Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions Baseline and/or Scope 3 
Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline and/or Scope 3 Redetermined 
Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline shall replace the original Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Baseline and/or Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline and/or 
Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline and any reference to the Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Baseline and/or Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline and/or 
Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline in these Conditions thereafter shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Redetermined 
Baseline and/or Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline 
and/or Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline. By purchasing 
the Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, as the case may be, a 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have consented, for itself and any and all 
successors or assigns, and to have irrevocably authorised the Issuer to make 
any such recalculation or redetermination without the prior consent or 
consultation of the Noteholders;  
“EV Charging Point” means charging points for electric vehicles installed by the 
Group and operating throughout the entire toll road network under the management of 
the Group, as well as in other areas, the number of which is determined by the number 
of vehicles that can be charged simultaneously at one single charging device/column 
installed in the service area/station and also in other areas such as local offices of the 
Issuer ;  
“EV Charging Point Baseline” means 18 EV Charging Points, being the number of 
EV Charging Points installed by the Group as of 31 December 2021, provided that the 
Issuer may, acting in good faith and without double counting, redetermine (also on a 
pro forma basis) the EV Charging Point Baseline to reflect the occurrence of an EV

--- Page 156 ---
147 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Charging Point Redetermination Event (such redetermined EV Charging Point 
Baseline, the “Redetermined EV Charging Point Baseline”); 
“EV Charging Points Condition” means the condition that: 
(I) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later 
than the relevant Notification Deadline; and  
(II) 
the EV Charging Point Increase on the last day of the Observation Period for 
any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal 
to or greater than the EV Charging Point Increase Threshold in respect of such 
Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph (I) and (II) above are not met by the relevant 
Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the EV Charging Points Condition in respect of such Reference Year; 
“EV Charging Points Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the EV Charging 
Points Condition, provided that no EV Charging Point Event shall occur in case of the 
failure of the Issuer to satisfy the EV Charging Point Condition as a result of a change 
in law or regulation with an impact on the installation and/or operation of EV Charging 
Points, as determined in good faith by the Issuer; 
“EV Charging Point Increase” means, in respect of the last day of any Observation 
Period, the number by which the Number of EV Charging Points as of such last day of 
such Observation Period exceeds the then current EV Charging Point Baseline, as 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier and reported 
by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report;  
“EV Charging Point Increase Threshold” means the threshold (expressed in integral 
numbers) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the EV Charging Point Increase 
Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the 
Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such 
higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of any EV Charging Points Redetermination 
Event will not result in any adjustment to the EV Charging Points Threshold(s), but 
may result in the redetermination (including any such redetermination calculated on a 
pro forma basis) of the Number of EV Charging Points; 
“EV Charging Points Redetermination Event” means:  
(1) 
any change to the perimeter of the Group affecting the Number of EV 
Charging Points during an Observation Period which accounts for 5 
per cent. or more of the Number of EV Charging Points as at the last 
day of the immediately preceding Observation Period; 
(2) 
the confirmation by the External Verifier in a report that such 
redetermination is consistent with the Issuer’s sustainability strategy; 
and 
(3) 
the publication by the Issuer of an explanation of the events requiring 
the redetermination and its quantum in the latest SLB Progress Report 
(the later of the date on which the relevant report published by the 
External Verifier) or, as the case may be, the SLB Progress Report is 
published, a “EV Charging Points Recalculation Date”).  
Any such Redetermination Event shall result in redetermination of 
either the Number of EV Charging Points or the EV Charging Point 
Baseline, and as of the EV Charging Points Recalculation Date:

--- Page 157 ---
148 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(y) 
the Redetermined Number of EV Charging Points shall replace the 
original Number of EV Charging Points and any reference to the 
Number of EV Charging Points in these Conditions thereafter shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the Redetermined Number of EV Charging 
Points; or, in the alternative  
(z) 
the Redetermined EV Charging Point Baseline shall replace the 
original EV Charging Point Baseline and any reference to the EV 
Charging Point Baseline shall be deemed to e a reference to the 
Redetermined EV Charging Point Baseline. 
By purchasing the Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, as the case may 
be, a Noteholder shall be deemed to have consented, for itself and any and all 
successors or assigns, and to have irrevocably authorised the Issuer to make 
any such recalculation or redetermination without the prior consent or 
consultation of the Noteholders; 
“External Verifier” means either (i) the external auditors of the Issuer from time to 
time appointed by the Issuer to audit the Issuer’s financial statements; or (ii) an 
independent, qualified third party assurance provider or other independent expert with 
relevant expertise to be appointed by the Issuer, as determined in good faith, or, in the 
event that either of such assurance providers resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other 
independent, qualified provider(s) with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer, as 
determined in good faith; 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol, A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” 
(including all appendices thereto) published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes or Premium 
Payment Notes); 
“GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards” means the document titled “GRI 305: 
Emissions 2016” published by the Global Reporting Initiative (as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes or Premium 
Payment Notes); 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Margin” means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Notification Deadline” means the deadline or deadlines specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the relevant Notification Deadline; 
“Number of EV Charging Points” means the aggregate number of EV Charging 
Points cumulatively installed by the Group, either on the infrastructure subject to the 
Concessions or elsewhere, up to (and including) the last day of any Observation Period, 
as calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Observation Period, provided 
that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, and without double counting, redetermine the 
Number of EV Charging Points to reflect the occurrence of an EV Charging Points 
Redetermination Event (the “Redetermined Number of EV Charging Points”); 
“Observation Period” means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous 
calendar year and ending on 31 December in the previous calendar year; 
“Premium Payment Amount” means the amount per Calculation Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being the Premium Payment Amount or, in respect of

--- Page 158 ---
149 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
any Premium Payment Trigger Event comprising a Cumulative Premium Payment 
Trigger Event, the Cumulative Premium Payment Amount, in each case expressed as a 
percentage of the principal amount of the Notes, each such amount, the “relevant 
Premium Payment Amount”. 
 “Premium Payment Date” means the date of payment of the Premium Payment 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Premium Payment Trigger Event” means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Event and/or a Scope 3 Emission (A) Intensity Event and/or Scope 
3 Emissions (B) Intensity Event and/or EV Charging Points Events and/or a 
Cumulative Premium Payment Trigger Event, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and, each such event, the “relevant Premium Payment Trigger Event”. 
 “Reference Year” means the calendar year(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the Reference Year(s); 
“Reporting Requirements” means in respect of each Observation Period in each 
Reporting Year, the requirement that the Issuer publishes on its website, and in 
accordance with applicable laws: 
(I) 
(u) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, 
Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions Amount (if any), Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Redetermination Amount (if any) and the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage for the relevant Observation Period; (w) the then current Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity, Scope 3 
Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity (if any), Scope 3 Emissions (A) 
Intensity Redetermination Amount (if any) and the Scope 3 Emissions (A) 
Intensity Percentage for the relevant Observation Period; (x) the then current 
Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity, 
Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity (if any), Scope 3 Emissions (B) 
Intensity Redetermination Amount (if any) and the Scope 3 Emissions (B) 
Intensity Percentage for the relevant Observation Period; (y) the Number of 
EV Charging Points and the Redetermined Number of EV Charging Points (if 
any); and (z) whether the EV Charging Points Condition, the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Condition 
and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition have been satisfied, as 
well as in each case under (u), (w), (x) and (y) above, the relevant calculation 
methodology, all as indicated in its sustainability-linked bond progress report 
(the “SLB Progress Report”); 
(II) 
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier (the “Assurance Report”) 
in respect of the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 
Redetermined Emissions Amount (if any), Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Redetermination Amount (if any) Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage, Scope 
3 Emissions (A) Intensity, Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity (if 
any), Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Redetermination Amount (if any), Scope 
3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage, Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity, Scope 
3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity (if any), Scope 3 Emissions (B) 
Intensity Redetermination Amount (if any), Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity 
Percentage, Number of EV Charging Points and the Redetermined Number of 
EV Charging Points (if any) provided in the SLB Progress Report, provided 
that, in the event an Emissions Redetermination Event or an EV Charging 
Points Redetermination Event occurs or persists in the reasonable opinion of 
the Issuer during the relevant Observation Period and the Issuer, in good faith, 
redetermines (including any such redetermination calculated on a pro forma 
basis) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) 
Intensity Baseline, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline, the Scope 1

--- Page 159 ---
150 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
and 2 Emissions Amount, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity, the Scope 3 
Emissions (B) Intensity and/or the EV Charging Points, such Assurance Report 
shall also confirm the redetermination of the relevant items referred to above 
(including the Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions Amount (if any), Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Redetermination Amount (if any), Scope 3 Redetermined 
Emissions (A) Intensity Amount (if any), Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity 
Redetermination Amount (if any), Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (B) 
Intensity Amount (if any),  Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Redetermination 
Amount (if any), Redetermined EV Charging Points (if any) and EV Charging 
Points Redetermination Amount (if any)); 
“Reporting Year” means, for any Series of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment 
Notes, each calendar year, commencing with the calendar year in which such Notes are 
issued, up to and including the latest Reference Year for such Notes; 
“SBTi” means the initiative that stems from the collaboration between the Carbon 
Disclosure Project (CDP), the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the World 
Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) aimed at 
verifying alignment with the indications of the Paris Agreement reached at the 21st 
Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 
Change (COP 21), or any replacement or successor thereto; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions” means, collectively: 
(I) 
direct carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from sources owned, controlled or 
operated by the Group, as calculated in accordance with the GRI Sustainability 
Reporting Standards and the GHG Protocol Standard (the “Scope 1 
Emissions”); and 
(II) 
indirect carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from electricity, energy, heating, 
cooling and steam purchased or acquired by the Group calculated using the 
market-based method and in accordance with the GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Standards and the GHG Protocol Standard s (the “Scope 2 Emissions”);  
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount” means, in tCO2, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Observation Period, confirmed 
by the External Verifier and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, 
provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith and without double counting, 
redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount to reflect 
the occurrence of an Emissions Redetermination Event (such redetermined Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Amount, the “Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions Amount” and the 
quantum of such redetermination, the “Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Redetermination 
Amount”); 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline” means 126,926 tCO2, being the sum of Scope 1 
Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2019 and 
ending on 31 December 2019, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith and 
without double counting, redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Baseline to reflect the occurrence of an Emissions Redetermination Event 
(such redetermined Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, the “Scope 1 and 2 
Redetermined Emissions Baseline”),  
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition” means the condition that: 
(I) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later 
than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(II) 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Observation Period 
for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was

--- Page 160 ---
151 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
equal to or greater than the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in 
respect of such Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph (I) and (II) above are not met by the relevant 
Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition in respect of such Reference Year; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Condition; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emission Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, 
the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by 
which Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount or Scope 1 and 2 Redetermined Emissions 
Amount, as applicable, for such Observation Period are reduced in comparison to the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed 
by the External Verifier and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as 
a percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if 
applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold 
Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of any Emissions Redetermination Event 
will not result in any adjustment to the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold(s), but may result, as the case may be, in the redetermination (also on a pro 
forma basis) of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline or the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Amount, as applicable; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (A)” means indirect carbon dioxide equivalent emissions related 
to capital goods linked to the development of the infrastructure subject to each 
Concession, as such emissions are defined by the GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Standards and the GHG Protocol Standard. For the avoidance of doubt, the Scope 3 
Emissions (A) do not include emissions related to any other source (other than capital 
goods linked to the development of the infrastructure subject to each Concession) 
specified for the calculation of scope 3 emissions in the GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Standards and GHG Protocol Standard; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity” means the ratio between absolute Scope 3 
Emissions (A) (expressed in tCO2) and capital expenditures linked to the development 
of the infrastructure subject to each Concession (expressed in millions of Euro) 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Observation Period, confirmed 
by the External Verifier and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, 
provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith and without double counting, 
redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity to reflect 
the occurrence of an Emissions Redetermination Event (such redetermined Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity, the “Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity” and 
the quantum of such redetermination, the “Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity 
Redetermination Amount”); 
“Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline” means 831 tCO2 / Euro million, 
corresponding to the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity for the period beginning on 1 
January 2019 and ending on 31 December 2019, provided that the Issuer may, acting 
in good faith and without double counting, redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the 
Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline to reflect the occurrence of an Emissions 
Redetermination Event (such redetermined Scope 3 Emissions (A) Baseline, the 
“Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline”); 
“Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Condition” means the condition that:

--- Page 161 ---
152 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(I) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later 
than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(II) 
the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage in respect of the Observation 
Period for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report 
referred to in paragraph (I) above, was equal to or greater than the Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference 
Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph (I) and (II) above are not met by the relevant 
Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Condition in respect of such Reference 
Year; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 
3 Emissions (A) Intensity Condition; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation 
Period, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded 
upwards) by which Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity or Scope 3 Redetermined 
Emissions (A) Intensity, as applicable, for such Observation Period are reduced in 
comparison to the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline, as calculated in good faith 
by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier and reported by the Issuer in the 
relevant SLB Progress Report; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage Threshold” means the threshold 
(expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 
3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference 
Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold 
Increase Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of any Emissions Redetermination Event 
will not result in any adjustment to the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage 
Threshold(s), but may result, as the case may be, in the redetermination (also on a pro 
forma basis) of the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline or the Scope 3 Emissions 
(A) Intensity, as applicable;  
“Scope 3 Emissions (B)” means indirect carbon dioxide equivalent emissions related 
to the purchase of goods and services by the Group linked to the development of the 
infrastructure which is not subject to any Concession, as such emissions are defined by 
the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards and the GHG Protocol Standard. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) do not include emissions related to any 
other source (other than purchase of goods and services by the Group linked to the 
development of the infrastructure which is not subject to any Concession) specified for 
the calculation of scope 3 emissions in the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards and 
GHG Protocol Standard; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity” means the ratio between absolute Scope 3 
Emissions (B) (expressed in tCO2) and operating profit linked to the development of 
the infrastructure which is not subject to any Concession (expressed in millions of 
Euro) calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Observation Period, 
confirmed by the External Verifier and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB 
Progress Report, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith and without double 
counting, redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity 
to reflect the occurrence of an Emissions Redetermination Event (such redetermined 
Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity, the “Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (B) 
Intensity” and the quantum of such redetermination, the “Scope 3 Emissions (B) 
Intensity Redetermination Amount”);

--- Page 162 ---
153 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline” means 2,190 tCO2 / Euro million, 
corresponding to the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity for the period beginning on 1 
January 2019 and ending on 31 December 2019, provided that the Issuer may, acting 
in good faith and without double counting, redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the 
Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline to reflect the occurrence of an Emissions 
Redetermination Event (such redetermined Scope 3 Emissions (B) Baseline, the 
“Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline”); 
“Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition” means the condition that: 
(I) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later 
than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(II) 
the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Percentage in respect of the Observation 
Period for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report 
referred to in paragraph (I) above, was equal to or greater than the Scope 3 
Emissions (B) Intensity Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference 
Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph (I) and (II) above are not met by the relevant 
Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition in respect of such Reference 
Year; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 
3 Emissions (B) Intensity Condition; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation 
Period, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded 
upwards) by which Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity or Scope 3 Redetermined 
Emissions (B) Intensity, as applicable, for such Observation Period are reduced in 
comparison to the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Baseline, as calculated in good faith 
by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier and reported by the Issuer in the 
relevant SLB Progress Report; 
“Scope 3 Emissions (B) Intensity Percentage Threshold” means the threshold 
(expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 
3 Emissions (B) Intensity Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference 
Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold 
Increase Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of any Emissions Redetermination Event 
will not result in any adjustment to the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Percentage 
Threshold(s), but may result, as the case may be, in the redetermination (also on a pro 
forma basis) of the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Baseline or the Scope 3 Emissions 
(A) Intensity, as applicable;  
“SLB Progress Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements; 
“Step Up Date” means, following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the first day of 
the next following Interest Period; 
“Step Up Event” means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Event and/or a Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Event and/or a Scope 3 Emissions (B) 
Intensity Event and/or EV Charging Points Events and/or a Cumulative Step Up Event, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, each such event, the “relevant Step Up 
Event”;

--- Page 163 ---
154 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
the Step Up Margin or, in respect of any Step Up Event comprising a Cumulative Step 
Up Event, the Cumulative Step Up Margin, as indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and, each such margin, the “relevant Step Up Margin”. 
“tCO2” means tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
The Notes are obbligazioni pursuant to Article 2410, et seq. of the Italian Civil Code and, 
accordingly, the Redemption Amount of each Note shall not be less than its nominal amount.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6(a), “Redemption Amount” means, as the case may be, 
the “Final Redemption Amount”, the “Early Redemption Amount” or the “Optional 
Redemption Amount”. 
(b) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Maturity 
Date”) at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms, is its nominal amount) (the “Final Redemption Amount”). 
(c) 
Early Redemption 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Notes (the “Early Redemption 
Amount”) shall be determined as follows. 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to 
their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date.  The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made 
(as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(c).

--- Page 164 ---
155 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, on giving not less 
than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to the Trustee and the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(c) above) (together with interest accrued and 
unpaid to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
described under Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8), or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (or the date that any successor to the Issuer 
following a Permitted Reorganisation assumes the obligations of the Issuer hereunder), and 
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking commercially reasonable measures 
available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than ninety 
(90) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  Before the publication of any notice 
of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (a) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in 
(i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and (b) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of the change or amendment 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept, without further enquiry or liability, such certificate 
and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the Occurrence of a Relevant Event 
If, at any time while any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), a 
Relevant Event (as defined below) occurs, then, unless at any time the Issuer shall have given 
a notice under Condition 6(d), 6(f), 6(g) or 6(h) in respect of the Notes, in each case expiring 
prior to the Relevant Event Date (as defined below), each Noteholder will, upon the giving of 
a Relevant Event Notice (as defined below), have the option to require the Issuer to redeem any 
Notes it holds on the Relevant Event Date at their principal amount, together with interest 
accrued and unpaid up to, but excluding, the Relevant Event Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e): 
(i) 
a “Relevant Event” occurs if: 
(a) 
a Concession Event has occurred; and/or 
(b) 
a Trigger Event has occurred; 
(ii) 
a “Concession Event” occurs if: 
(a) 
the Autostrade Italia Concession or the Single Concession Contract is revoked 
for public interest reasons (revoca per ragioni di interesse pubblico) and the

--- Page 165 ---
156 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
revocation becomes effective, in each case, pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of the Single Concession Contract and of Italian law; or 
(b) 
the Autostrade Italia Concession or the Single Concession Contract is 
terminated for failure by the MIT to fulfil its obligations thereunder 
(risoluzione per fatto imputabile al Concedente) and the termination becomes 
effective, in each case, pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Single 
Concession Contract and of Italian law; or 
(c) 
either Autostrade Italia or the MIT withdraws from the Autostrade Italia 
Concession or the Single Concession Contract (recesso) and the withdrawal 
becomes effective, in each case, pursuant to the applicable provisions of the 
Single Concession Contract and of Italian law; or 
(d) 
the Autostrade Italia Concession or the Single Concession Contract is 
terminated for failure by Autostrade Italia to fulfil its obligations thereunder 
(decadenza dalla concessione) and the termination becomes effective, in each 
case, pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Single Concession Contract 
and of Italian law, 
where in each case under (a), (b), (c) and (d) above Autostrade Italia receives a 
termination payment to be determined in accordance with the Autostrade Italia 
Concession and/or the Single Concession Contract (such payment, the “Termination 
Payment”), provided that if any of the events described in (a), (b), (c) and (d) above 
occur and the Termination Payment has not been received by Autostrade Italia, such 
circumstances will result in the occurrence of a Concession Event unless Autostrade 
Italia continues to manage the toll road network object of the Autostrade Italia 
Concession and during such period of management, Autostrade Italia continues to 
collect revenues generated pursuant to the Autostrade Italia Concession (which, inter 
alia, may be used to service the Issuer’s debt obligations, including the Notes) until 
Autostrade Italia receives the Termination Payment; 
(iii) 
a “Trigger Event” occurs in respect of any Trigger Event Notes if the Issuer announces 
that a put event (as defined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Trigger Event 
Notes) has occurred and that holders of such Trigger Event Notes become entitled as a 
result thereof to request that Autostrade Italia redeem their Trigger Event Notes; 
(iv) 
“Trigger Event Notes” means any Relevant Debt in respect of which Autostrade Italia 
is the principal debtor, irrespective of whether any such Notes are guaranteed by any 
other entity. 
(A) In the case of a Trigger Event, at the same time as holders of Trigger Event Notes are 
notified of the occurrence of a put event (howsoever described) in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Trigger Event Notes and (B) in the case of a Concession Event, 
promptly upon becoming aware that a Concession Event has occurred, and in any event not 
later than 21 days after the occurrence of the Concession Event, the Issuer shall give notice (a 
“Relevant Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), 
specifying the nature of the Relevant Event and providing all relevant information and the 
procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 6(e). 
To exercise the option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note under this Condition 6(e), the 
Noteholder must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent, on any day 
which is a day on which banks are open for business in London and in the place of the specified 
office falling within the period (the “Relevant Event Period”) of 45 days after the date on 
which a Relevant Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and completed exercise 
notice in the form available from each office of the Paying Agents (the “Exercise Notice”).  
The Note must be delivered to the Paying Agent together with all Coupons, if any, appertaining 
thereto maturing after the date (the “Relevant Event Date”) being the seventh day after the 
date of expiry of the Relevant Event Period, failing which deduction in respect of such missing

--- Page 166 ---
157 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
unmatured Coupons shall be made in accordance with Condition 7(e).  The Paying Agent to 
which such Note and Exercise Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a 
non-transferable receipt (a “Relevant Event Receipt”) in respect of the Note so delivered.  
Payment by the Issuer in respect of any Note so delivered shall be made, if the holder duly 
specified in the Exercise Notice a bank account to which payment is to be made, by transfer to 
that bank account on the Relevant Event Date, and in every other case, on or after the Relevant 
Event Date against presentation and surrender of such Relevant Event Receipt at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent.  An Exercise Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable.  For the 
purposes of these Conditions and the Trust Deed, Relevant Event Receipts issued pursuant to 
this Condition 6(e) shall be treated as if they were Notes. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options 
If Call Option (as defined below) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and, on giving not less than fifteen (15) days irrevocable notice before the giving of the notice 
to the Noteholders, to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee and, in the case of a 
redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, redeem (“Call Option”), or exercise any 
Issuer’s option (as may be described in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to, all or, if so 
provided in such notice, part of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise 
Date, as the case may be, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption.  Any such partial 
redemption or partial exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no 
greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(f) only, the Optional Redemption Amount will either be 
the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount which is the 
higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or  
(b) 
as determined by any of the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of 
the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the 
actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 
366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption 
Margin, 
provided that, in respect of a redemption of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes, as the 
case may be, and the calculation of the sum of the then current values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date), the Rate of Interest, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Step Up Notes, or the Margin, in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes which are Step Up Notes, or the Final Redemption Amount in the case of Premium 
Payment Notes shall be deemed to have increased by the relevant Step Up Margin or Premium 
Payment Amount, as the case may be, (in each case, from the date that would have been the 
Step Up Date or the Premium Payment Date, as the case may be, had a redemption of the Notes 
not occurred) unless the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) 
Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Condition and/or the EVCP Condition, as applicable,

--- Page 167 ---
158 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
have been satisfied prior to the date on which the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders of a 
redemption in accordance with this Condition 6(f). 
As used in this Condition 6(f): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or any international credit 
institution or financial services institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing 
with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the Issuer; and 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to any of the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in 
the reasonable judgement of any of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the 
third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the 
Issuer by any of the Reference Dealers. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given under this Condition 6(f) shall be 
redeemed, or the Issuer’s option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition 6(f). 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of the Issuer’s option, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of 
Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the 
holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been 
exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Trustee may approve and in such 
manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange or other relevant authority requirements.  So long as the Notes are listed on Euronext 
Dublin or any other stock exchange and the rules of the relevant stock exchange so require, the 
Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause 
to be published on the website of Euronext Dublin, which at the date hereof is 
https://live.euronext.com/, or in a leading newspaper of general circulation as specified by such 
other stock exchange, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, from and including any Optional 
Redemption Date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 6(f). 
(g) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-
Up Call Option”) but subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty 
(60) days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes.  
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for 
redemption.

--- Page 168 ---
159 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(h) 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
If the Issuer Maturity par Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, at any time during the Par Call Period commencing on the 
Par Call Period Commencement Date, at its option (“Issuer Maturity par Call Option”), but 
subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes.  Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption, provided 
that, in respect of a redemption of Premium Payment Notes, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be deemed to have increased by the relevant Premium Payment Amount (from the date 
that would have been the Premium Payment Date had a redemption of the Notes not occurred, 
unless the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Condition, the Scope 
3 Emissions (B) Condition and/or the EVCP Condition, as applicable, have been satisfied prior 
to the date on which the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders of a redemption in accordance 
with this Condition 6(h). 
As used in this Condition 6(h): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options 
If Put Option (as defined below) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption (“Put Option”). 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders’ option that may be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
(as applicable) within the notice period.  No Note or Certificate so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
(j) 
Notice of Early or Optional Redemption 
The Issuer will publish a notice of any early redemption or optional redemption of the Notes 
described above in accordance with Condition 17, and, if the Notes are listed at such time on 
Euronext Dublin, the Issuer will publish such notice on the website of Euronext Dublin, which 
at the date hereof is https://live.euronext.com/. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.  Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 169 ---
160 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered 
for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the 
Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith).  Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Obligors in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged.  Any Notes not so surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown 
on the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the day 
prior to the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”) and made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of 
the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business on the Record Date.  Payments of interest on each Registered Note 
shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the 
holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in 
the Register.  Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives to which the Issuer or its Agents may be subject, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are 
listed below.  The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents and (subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement) the Calculation Agent act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the 
approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent,

--- Page 170 ---
161 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed 
in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment.  Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If the Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made 
only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be.  Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(g) 
Non-Business days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum

--- Page 171 ---
162 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
in respect of such postponed payment.  In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within either Italy (or any jurisdiction of incorporation of any successor of the Issuer) or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (each a “Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction”), unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
would have been entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non residence or other similar claim for exemption and did not do so 
within the prescribed time period and/or in the prescribed manner; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Notes or Coupons by reason of his having some connection with a Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on 
such thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended from time to time, and related 
regulations which have been or may be enacted. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”).  Neither the Issuer nor any Agent nor any other 
person will be required or obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding 
is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation.  References in these Conditions to (i) ”principal” shall be deemed to include any premium

--- Page 172 ---
163 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) ”interest” shall be deemed 
to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) ”principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or 
in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the 
case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding or if so directed by a Resolution shall, subject in each case to it being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they 
shall immediately become, due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
the Issuer fails to pay the principal or interest on any of the Notes when due and such failure 
continues for a period of five (5) days (in the case of principal) and five (5) days (in the case of 
interest); or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee 
capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within sixty (60) days after 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: 
(i) any other present or future Indebtedness (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of any event of default (howsoever described), or (ii) any such Indebtedness (other than Project 
Finance Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace 
period, or (iii) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Indebtedness 
(other than Project Finance Indebtedness) within any applicable grace period, provided that the 
aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which 
one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or 
exceeds Euro one hundred million (€100,000,000) in aggregate principal amount or its 
equivalent (as reasonably determined by an investment bank of international repute nominated 
or approved by the Trustee on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against 
the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates, which 
determination shall be binding on all parties); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole (other than in relation to property, assets, receivables or

--- Page 173 ---
164 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
revenues securing Project Finance Indebtedness) and is not discharged or stayed within one 
hundred and eighty (180) days; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgment: 
one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (in each case being a judgment or order from which no 
further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the payment of any 
amount in excess of Euro one hundred million (€100,000,000) or its equivalent (as reasonably 
determined by an investment bank of international repute nominated or approved the Trustee) 
(on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by any 
leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates), whether individually or in 
aggregate, is rendered against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (other than with respect to 
Project Finance Indebtedness), becomes enforceable in a jurisdiction where the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary is incorporated and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 
sixty (60) days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(f) 
Security Enforced: 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing Project Finance Indebtedness), present or future, 
created or assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar 
person); or 
(g) 
Insolvency: 
the Issuer being declared insolvent pursuant to Section 5 of the Royal Decree No. 267 of 1942, 
as subsequently amended, or, in case the Issuer is not organised in the Republic of Italy, being 
declared unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(h) 
Insolvency Proceedings: 
any corporate action or legal proceedings is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the several suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, 
scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Issuer (other than a solvent liquidation or 
pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation of such persons); or 
(ii) 
a composition, assignment or arrangement with all creditors of the Issuer including 
without limitation concordato preventivo, concordato fallimentare; or 
(iii) 
the bankruptcy, the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer, or any of the assets of the Issuer 
in connection with any insolvency proceedings, including without limitation 
amministrazione straordinaria, amministrazione straordinaria delle grandi imprese in 
stato di insolvenza, liquidazione coatta amministrativa; or 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer 
provided that any such corporate action or legal proceedings which is not initiated, approved or 
consented to by the Issuer, is not discharged or stayed within one hundred and eighty 
(180) days; or 
(i) 
Change of Business: 
Autostrade Italia or any successor resulting from a Permitted Reorganisation ceases to carry on, 
directly or indirectly, the whole or substantially the whole of the business Autostrade Italia 
carries on directly (on a non-consolidated basis) at the date of the Trust Deed (otherwise than

--- Page 174 ---
165 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
for the purposes of, or pursuant to, (i) a Permitted Reorganisation or (ii) the occurrence of a 
Concession Event); or 
(j) 
Analogous Events: 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs (d), (e), (f) or (g) above, provided that in the 
case of paragraphs (b), (c), (g) and (h) above the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion 
such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any failure to comply with the Reporting Requirements in connection with the Step Up Notes 
and/or the Premium Notes or any occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event and/or of a 
Scope 3 Emissions (B) Event and/or a Scope 3 Emissions (B) Condition and/or an EV Charging 
Points Event will result in a Step Up or a Premium Payment, as the case may be, however, for 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the failure to comply with any such Reporting Requirements in 
connection with the Step Up Notes and/or the Premium Notes, nor the occurrence of a Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Event and/or of a Scope 3 Emissions (A) Event and/or the Scope 3 Emissions 
(B) Condition and/or an EV Charging Points Event will constitute an Event of Default 
hereunder. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any person for moneys borrowed or raised. 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of the 
Noteholders being required in respect thereof, in any one transaction or series of transactions, 
by any of the Issuer and/or one or more Material Subsidiaries, by means of: 
(a) 
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or de-merger (whether whole or 
partial); or 
(b) 
any contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, or 
any kind of disposal of, all or substantially all, of its assets or its going concern; 
or 
(c) 
any purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or not 
effected through a capital increase subscribed and paid up by means of a 
contribution in kind; or 
(d) 
any lease of its assets or its going concern; or 
(e) 
any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or disposal of the whole (in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary) or a part (in the case of the Issuer or a Material 
Subsidiary) of its business (whether in the form of property or assets, including 
any receivables, shares, interest or other equivalents or corporate stock held or 
otherwise owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, 
as applicable) at a value that is confirmed by way of a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as applicable, to 
be made (or have been made) on arm’s length terms, provided that, in each 
case, following such sale, transfer lease, exchange or disposal, the Group shall 
carry on the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried out 
directly by Autostrade Italia (on a non-consolidated basis) at the date of the 
Trust Deed, 
provided however that (i) in any such reorganisation affecting the Issuer, the Issuer shall 
maintain or any successor corporation or corporations shall assume (as the case may be) all the 
obligations under the relevant Notes and the Trust Deed, including the obligation to pay any 
additional amounts under Condition 8, and (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred or if an 
Event of Default shall have occurred it shall (if capable of remedy) have been cured.

--- Page 175 ---
166 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Threshold Increase, SLB 
Amendments and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of a conference 
call using a videoconference platform, to the extent permitted under any law, legislation, rule 
or regulation of Italy and the by-laws of the Issuer in force from time to time) of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the Notes but are 
subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy and the 
by-laws of the Issuer in force from time to time and shall be deemed to be amended, replaced 
and supplemented to the extent that such laws, legislation, rules and regulations and the by-
laws of the Issuer are amended at any time while the Notes remain outstanding: 
(a) 
a meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the directors of the Issuer, the 
Noteholders’ Representative (as defined below) or the Trustee and such parties 
shall be obliged to do so upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes.  If the Issuer defaults in convening such a meeting following such 
request or requisition by the Noteholders representing not less than 
one-twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding, the 
same may be convened by decision of the President of the competent court in 
accordance with Article 2367, paragraph 2 of the Italian Civil Code; 
(b) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held if (A) there are one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders holding at least half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (B) in the case of a 
second meeting following adjournment of the first meeting for want of quorum 
or a further meeting, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding (i) for the purposes of considering a 
Reserved Matter, at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes; or (ii) for any other purposes, more than one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, provided, however, that 
the Issuer’s by-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable 
Italian law) provide for a higher quorum; and 
(c) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution at any meeting 
(including any meeting convened following adjournment of the previous 
meeting for want of quorum) will be (A) in the case of voting at a first meeting, 
regardless of whether or not voting relates to a Reserved Matter, more than one 
half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; (B) in the case 
of voting at a second meeting or at a further meeting:  (i) for the purposes of 
voting on a Reserved Matter, the higher of (a) at least one half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (b) at least two thirds of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the Meeting; or (ii) for 
the purposes of voting on any other matter, at least two thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes represented at the Meeting, unless a different 
majority is required pursuant to Article 2369, paragraphs 3 and 6 of the Italian 
Civil Code and provided, however, that the by laws of the Issuer may from 
time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a 
larger majority.

--- Page 176 ---
167 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(b) 
Noteholders’ Representative: 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the “Noteholders’ 
Representative”), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may be appointed pursuant 
to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interests under 
these Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders.  If the 
Noteholders’ Representative is not appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders, the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has its 
registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the directors of 
the Issuer.  The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of 
three years but may be reappointed again thereafter and shall have the powers and duties set 
out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
(c) 
Modification and Waiver: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions according to which the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the holders of the Notes, agree:  (i) to any modification of these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of holders of the Notes; and 
(ii) to any modification of the Notes or the Trust Deed which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the holders of the Notes, authorise or waive 
any proposed breach or breach of the Notes or the Trust Deed or determine that any Event of 
Default shall not be treated as such (other than a proposed breach or breach relating to the 
subject of a Reserved Matter) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the holders of the 
Notes will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
Unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be 
notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Threshold Increase 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions according to which the Issuer shall have the right, in 
its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any time to increase the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Percentage Threshold 
and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Percentage Threshold and/or the EV Charging Points 
Threshold with respect to the Notes. Notice of any such increase shall be given promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (a “Threshold Increase Notice”). Any Threshold 
Increase Notice shall be unconditional and irrevocable (subject only to any subsequent 
Threshold Increase Notice further increasing the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 
Emissions (B) Percentage Threshold and/or EV Charging Points Threshold, if applicable) and 
shall specify the date on which any such increase is effective (the “Threshold Increase 
Effective Date”), which for the avoidance of doubt may be the date of the Threshold Increase 
Notice or such other date as may be specified. On the relevant Threshold Increase Effective 
Date, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Percentage Threshold 
and/or EV Charging Points Threshold, as applicable, will be effective and binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and the consent of the Trustee, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders shall not be required. By subscribing for, or purchasing, a 
Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, and accepted, any increase of the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Percentage 
Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (B) Percentage Threshold and/or EV Charging Points 
Threshold, as applicable, made in accordance herewith and the Trust Deed, without the need of 
any consent of the Noteholders or the Trustee.

--- Page 177 ---
168 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(e) 
SLB Amendments: 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11(d) above, the Trust Deed contains 
provisions according to which the Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, and 
without obligation, at any time, subject to the provisions of this Condition 11(e), to amend these 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to reflect any changes to the Issuer’s sustainability 
strategy which occur after the Issue Date of such Notes providing for, inter alia, additional 
events that may trigger the occurrence of a Step Up or the payment of a Premium Payment 
Amount and/or amendments to the definitions applicable to Condition 5(k) (the “SLB 
Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions (A) Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 
3 Emissions (B) Percentage Threshold and/or EV Charging Points Threshold pursuant to 
Condition 11(d) above will not constitute SLB Amendments. Notice of any SLB Amendment 
shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). 
At the request of the Issuer the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer 
in effecting any SLB Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) provided that, in the opinion of the Trustee, such 
SLB Amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the holders of the Notes, and 
further provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) in any way and further provided that SLB Amendments resulting in 
additional sustainability targets or more ambitious sustainability targets shall, in each case, be 
deemed not be materially prejudicial to the interest of the holders of the Notes. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any SLB 
Amendment as described in this Condition 11(e). Any SLB Amendment shall be binding on 
the Trustee and the Noteholders. By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Note, each Noteholder 
shall be deemed to have agreed to, and accepted, any SLB Amendment effected in accordance 
with this Condition 11(e). 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, 
and accepted, any such amendments made in accordance with this Condition 11(e) and the Trust 
Deed, without the need of any consent of the Noteholders or the Trustee. 
No consent of the Trustee or the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
Emissions Redetermination Event and/or EV Charging Points Redetermination Event as 
described in these Conditions. The effects of any Emissions Redetermination Event and/or EV 
Charging Points Redetermination Event shall be binding on the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, 
and accepted, any Emissions Redetermination Event and/or EV Charging Points 
Redetermination Event effected in accordance with these Conditions. 
Any authorisation, waiver, consent, approval, determination or modification made or given in 
accordance with these Conditions and the Trust Deed shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, consent, approval, waiver, 
determination or modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(f) 
Substitution: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree in circumstances including, 
but not limited to, circumstances which would constitute a Permitted Reorganisation, subject 
to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the Issuer’s

--- Page 178 ---
169 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
successor in business, transferee or assignee or any subsidiary of the Issuer or its successor in 
business, transferee or assignee in place of the Issuer or of any previous substituted company, 
as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes.  In addition, notice of any such 
substitution shall be given to Euronext Dublin and published in accordance with Condition 17. 
12. 
Enforcement 
(a) 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Italian law, at any time after the Notes become due and 
payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute or take such 
proceedings and/or other steps or action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) 
against or in relation to the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings, action or step unless 
(a) it shall have been so directed by a Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders 
holding at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding and (b) it shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(b) 
Limitation on Trustee Actions 
The Trustee may refrain from doing anything which would or might in its opinion be contrary 
to any law of any jurisdiction or any directive or regulation of any agency of any state which 
would or might otherwise render it liable to any person and may do anything which is, in its 
opinion, necessary to comply with such law, directive or regulations. 
(c) 
Enforcement by Noteholders 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Italian law (including, without limitation, to Article 2419 
of the Italian Civil Code), no Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to (i) take any steps 
or action against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the Notes or the Coupons or (ii) take any other proceedings (including lodging an appeal 
in any proceedings) in respect of or concerning the Issuer, in each case unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to take any such action, steps or proceedings, fails or is unable to do 
so within a reasonable time and such failure or inability shall be continuing. 
13. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility.  The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity 
related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in Ireland (in the case of Bearer 
Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.

--- Page 179 ---
170 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
15. 
Trustee Protections 
In connection with the exercise, under these Conditions or the Trust Deed, of its functions, rights, 
powers, trusts, authorities and discretions (including but not limited to any modification, consent, 
waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders 
as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders, resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory.  The Trustee shall not be entitled 
to require from the Issuer, nor shall any Noteholders or Couponholders be entitled to claim from the 
Issuer or the Trustee, any indemnification or other payment in respect of any consequence (including 
any tax consequence) for individual Noteholders or Couponholders of any such exercise, subject to 
applicable mandatory provisions of Italian law. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) 
or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue.  References in these Conditions 
to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this 
Condition and forming a single series with the Notes.  Any further securities forming a single series 
with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any 
deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be 
constituted by the Trust Deed.  The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of 
the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the date of mailing and, so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin, shall be 
published on Euronext Dublin’s website, https://live.euronext.com/.. 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published so long as the Notes are listed on 
Euronext Dublin, on the website of Euronext Dublin, which as of the date hereof is 
https://live.euronext.com/. 
Notices will also be published by the Issuer (i) on its website and, (ii) to the extent required under 
mandatory provisions of Italian law, through other appropriate public announcements and/or regulatory 
filings. 
If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe.  Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Talons under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 180 ---
171 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law save for the mandatory provisions of Italian law relating to the 
meetings of Noteholders and the Noteholders’ Representative. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts.  The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the 
jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Law Debenture Corporate Services Ltd. as agent in 
England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 181 ---
172 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded 
(“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”), or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU 
Exit) Regulations 2018.  Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPS Regulation as it 
forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market].  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market].  Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
AUTOSTRADE PER L’ITALIA S.P.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €7,000,000,000

--- Page 182 ---
173 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated 22 December 2022 [and the supplemental Offering Circular dated [●]) 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Offering Circular”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.]  These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Offering Circular [as so supplemented]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated 16 November 2021 which are incorporated by reference in the Offering 
Circular dated 22 December 2022 [and the supplemental Offering Circular dated [●]) which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Offering Circular”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering 
Circular.  [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation.]  These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in 
conjunction with such Offering Circular [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular [as so supplemented].  The Offering Circular [and 
the supplemental Offering Circular] [is] [are] available for viewing [at [, and copies may be obtained from, the 
Central Bank of Ireland’s website at www.centralbank.ie]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and 
copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted.  Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
Issuer: 
Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. 
2.
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with [insert description of relevant Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [21] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
[(iv) 
Trade Date:] 
[●] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 183 ---
174 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate[, 
subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below under 14-17) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
11.
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there] 
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Clean-Up Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below under 19-22)] 
13.
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes] obtained: 
[●] 
 
(N.B.  Only relevant where Board authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [●] per cent. per annum 
[payable [annually/semi annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other] 
[N.B.:  This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
(applicable to Notes in definitive form 
only) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(applicable to Notes in definitive form 
only) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Note Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 – ISDA]

--- Page 184 ---
175 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.  N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Issuing and Paying Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[●]/EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index 
/ USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days

--- Page 185 ---
176 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Onservation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[The Initial Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Note Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 – ISDA] 
 
Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●]

--- Page 186 ---
177 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Note Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 – ISDA] 
 
Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
17.
Step Up Option
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Step Up Notes /Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity Event] [and] [Scope 3 Emissions 
(B) Intensity Event] [and] [EV Charging Points Event]. 
[Cumulative Step Up Event is applicable / Cumulative 
Step Up Event is not applicable] 
(iii) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). 
(iv) 
Scope 
3 
Emissions 
(A) 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). 
(v) 
Scope 
3 
Emissions 
(B) 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). 
(vi) 
EV Charging Points Threshold: 
[●] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if more 
than one Reference Year is included]], subject to increase 
as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in accordance 
with Condition 11(c). 
(vii) 
Step Up Margin(s): 
[[●] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of [●]]] / 
[Cumulative Step Up Margin is [applicable / not 
applicable] 
[set out additional Step-Up Margins in case of multiple 
Step-Up Events] 
(viii) 
Cumulative Step Up Event: 
[Applicable. [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions (B) Intensity Event] [and] [EV Charging 
Points Event] shall be a Cumulative Step Up Event.] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Cumulative Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Notification Deadline: 
[●] 
18.
Premium Payment Option
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Premium Payment 
Notes /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]]

--- Page 187 ---
178 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Premium Payment Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions (A) Intensity Event] [and] [Scope 3 Emissions 
(B) Intensity Event] [and] [EV Charging Points Event] 
[Cumulative Premium Payment Event is applicable / 
Cumulative Premium Payment Event is not applicable] 
(iv) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). 
(v) 
Scope 
3 
Emissions 
(A) 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). 
(vi) 
Scope 
3 
Emissions 
(B) 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). 
(vii) 
EV Charging Points Threshold: 
[●] [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year if more 
than one Reference Year is included]], subject to increase 
as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in accordance 
with Condition 11(c). 
(viii) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of [●]]]  
[Cumulative Premium Payement Amount is [applicable / 
not applicable] 
[set out additional Step-Up Margins in case of multiple 
Step-Up Events] 
(ix) 
Cumulative Premium Payment 
Event: 
[Applicable. [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] 
[Scope 3 Emissions (A) Intensity Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions (B) Intensity Event] [and] [EV Charging 
Points Event] shall be a Cumulative Premium Payment 
Event.] / [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Cumulative Premium Payment 
Amount: 
[[●] per cent. per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Notification Deadline: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
(Either a specified amount or an election 
that redemption should be calculated as 
a Make-Whole Amount) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-Whole Amount] 
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling 
[on [●]/any date from, and including, the Issue Date to 
but excluding [●]]/[and] [[●] per Calculation Amount in 
the period (the “Par Call Period”) from and including 
[insert date] (the “Par Call Period Commencement 
Date”) to but excluding [date]] [and [[●] per Calculation 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
falling [on [●]/in the period from and including [date] to 
but excluding [date]] 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 188 ---
179 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
iv) 
Reference 
Bond: 
 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
[[●]] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19.
Clean-Up Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20.
Issuer Maturity par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Par Call Period: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Par Call Period Commencement 
Date 
[●] 
21.
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
22.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
23.
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24.
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 189 ---
180 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
 
(In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of 
€1,000 (or equivalent), the Global Note shall only be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; and 
(2) default of the Issuer) 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))] 
25.
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26.
Financial Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).  [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Autostrade per l’Italia 
S.p.A. 
 
 ................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 190 ---
181 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Euronext Dublin/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin from 
[the Issue Date].] [Application is expected to be made for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single series 
with the existing issue of [●][●] per cent. Notes due [●] on 
[●].] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated: 
 
[S&P:  [●]] 
 
[Moody’s:  [●]] 
 
[Fitch:  [●]] 
 
[[Other]:  [●]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
Option 1 - CRA is established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 2 - CRA is established in the EEA but CRA is not 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
Option 3 – CRA is not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the

--- Page 191 ---
182 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 4 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but 
CRA is certified under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 5 – CRA is neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and relevant rating 
is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER]
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes, including, without limitation, 
capital expenditures and investments in accordance with 
the Regulatory Framework] / [●] 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price and the fixed rate of interest for such Notes.  It 
is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[●].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does 
not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks

--- Page 192 ---
183 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the “EU 
BMR”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] does/do not fall 
within the scope of the EU BMR by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the EU BMR apply], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to [Article 36] (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK BMR”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [●] does/do not fall within the scope of the UK 
BMR by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK BMR 
apply], such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
United 
Kingdom, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
[FISN Code: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency 
that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
[CFI Code: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency 
that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, SA and 
the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered notes] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that

--- Page 193 ---
184 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ [No. 
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for 
registered notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i)  
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)  
If syndicated 
 
(A) 
names and addresses 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(B) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(C) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii)  
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 194 ---
185 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect.  The information in this section concerning the Clearing 
Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the 
Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System.  Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-Entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for its customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depository and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established 
an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with 
each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system.  The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, transfers directly or indirectly through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system 
in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any 
custodian with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade 
date (T+3).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time.  None of the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests.

--- Page 195 ---
186 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Offering Circular 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made also on a 
retroactive basis. 
The following does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or 
commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes, including, without limitation, the tax 
consequences of receiving payments of interest, principal or other amounts under the Notes. 
This overview will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in this 
overview could become invalid. 
Interest and other proceeds from Notes that qualify as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 239”) 
sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
“Interest”) from notes notes issued, inter alia, by companies resident of Italy for tax purposes whose shares are 
not listed, issuing bonds (obbligazioni) and similar securities (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) traded (negoziati) 
upon their issuance in one of the regulated markets or multilateral trading platforms of EU Member States or 
States party to the EEA Agreement allowing a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian tax 
authorities as included in (i) the decree of the ministry of Economy and Finance of September 4, 1996 as 
subsequently amended and supplemented or (ii) once effective, any other decree that will be issued in the future 
under Article 11 paragraph 4 letter c) of Decree 239. 
For these purposes, pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 
22 December 1986 (“Decree No. 917”), as amended and supplemented from time to time, securities similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are defined as securities that: (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation 
to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value; and that (ii) do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor 
any type of control on the management; and that (iii) do not provide for a remuneration which is linked to 
profits. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of Interest payments under the Notes and is: 
(i) 
an individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(ii) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(iii) 
a private or public institutions (other than companies), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities; or 
(iv) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a substitutive tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied 
at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a 
sale of the Notes), unless the relevant holder of the Notes has entrusted the management of his financial assets, 
including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so called “regime del risparmio gestito” 
(the “Asset Management Regime”) according to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 
21 November 1997, as amended).

--- Page 196 ---
187 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income 
tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to 
Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian 
income tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare (so 
called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, management companies (società di gestione del risparmio), stockbrokers 
and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (together the “Intermediaries” and 
each an “Intermediary”), as subsequently amended and integrated.  An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the 
imposta sostitutiva must (a) be (i) resident in Italy, (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident Intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of 
Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (b) intervene, in any 
way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes.  For the purpose 
of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with 
or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying Interest to a Noteholder.  If Interest on the Notes is not collected through an Intermediary or any 
entity paying Interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners listed 
above will be required to include Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26%. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 
26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial 
activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative 
Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) 
of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2017”), 
Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the 
“Finance Act 2019”), or Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted into Law No. 157 
of 19 December 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree 
No. 34 of 19 May 2020) (the “Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020”), Article 1 (219-225) of Law 
No. 178 of 30 December 2020, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2021”) and 
Article 1 (26-27) of law No, 234 of 30 December 2021, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the 
“Finance Act 2022”). 
Where (a) an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and (ii) the beneficial 
owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the relevant 
Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (“IRES”) and, in 
certain circumstances, depending on the status of Noteholder, also to regional tax on productive activities 
(“IRAP”). 
Italian resident real estate investment funds and Italian resident real estate investment companies with fixed 
capital (società di investimento a capitale fisso, “Real Estate SICAFs”, and, together with the Italian real estate 
investment funds, the “Real Estate Funds”) qualifying as such from a legal and regulatory perspective and 
subject to the regime provided for by, inter alia, Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 are subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of such Real Estate SICAF or Real Estate Funds, 
provided that the Real Estate SICAF or the Real Estate Fund is the beneficial owner of the payments under the 
Notes and the Notes are timely deposited with an authorised Intermediary.  A withholding tax may apply in 
certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per cent. on distributions made by a Real Estate SICAF or a Real 
Estate Fund or upon redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate SICAF or the Real Estate Fund

--- Page 197 ---
188 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real 
Estate Fund owning more than 5 per cent. of the Real Estate SICAF or the Real Estate Fund’s units or shares. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, an investment 
company with variable capital (società di investimento a capitale variabile (SICAV)), an investment company 
with fixed capital (SICAF) other than a Real Estate SICAF (together, the “Funds”) and either (i) the Fund or 
(ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, payments of Interest on such Notes beneficially owned by the Fund will not be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund.  The Fund will not be subject 
to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may in certain circumstances apply to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders or in case of redemption or sale of the units or shares 
in the Fund (the “Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax”). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
payments of Interest relating to the Notes beneficially owned by the pension fund and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of each tax period, subject to a 20 per cent. annual imposta sostitutiva (the “Pension Fund 
Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would 
include Interest accrued on the Notes).  Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension 
Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirementsset forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 
(211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 
1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No.239, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to reither (a) beneficial owners or (b) certain institutional investors, 
even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of establishment, who, in either case, are 
non Italian resident holders of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected provided that: 
(a) 
such beneficial owners or institutional investors are resident for tax purposes in a State or territory 
which allows for an adequate exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial 
Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented (lastly by Ministerial Decree of 
23 March 2017) and possibly further amended by future decrees to be issued pursuant to 
Article 11(4)(c), of Decree No. 239 (the “White List”); and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met 
or complied with in due time. 
Decree No.239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest in 
respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy; and (ii) central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, 
non Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) 
be either (i) the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes or (ii) qualify as one of the above 
mentioned institutional investors, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of 
establishment; 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly, 
with an resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non Italian resident bank or 
SIM, or with a non Italian resident entity participating in a centralised securities management system

--- Page 198 ---
189 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
which is in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance, provided that they appoint 
an Italian representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998) for the purposes of the application of Decree No. 239.; 
and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, inter alia, that he 
or she is resident, for tax purposes, in one of the countries included in the White List.  Such statement 
(autocertificazione), which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 
12 December 2001 (as amended and supplemented), shall be valid until withdrawn or revoked and does 
not need to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent 
uses was previously submitted to the same depository.  The statement (autocertificazione) is not 
required for non Italian resident investors that are international entities or organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy or central banks or entities which manage, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State.  In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders without 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva 
may be reduced by the applicable double tax treaty, if any, subject to timely filing of the required 
documentation. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interests payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible 
for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of tax 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes, provided all conditions for its application are met. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
In case Notes representing debt instruments implying a “use of capital” do not incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value (whether or not providing for interim 
payments) and/or they give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the relevant 
Issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued and/or any type of control on the management, 
Interest in respect of such Notes may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26%. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity pursuant to article 5 of the ITC (with 
the exception of general partnership, limited partnership and similar entities), (c) a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public 
institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax; in all other cases, including when the 
Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes not having 
100% capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer if such Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of 
the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Finance Act 2020, 
Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, the withholding tax may be reduced by the applicable double tax treaty, if any, subject 
to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of 
a single series with the first Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta

--- Page 199 ---
190 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
first Tranche.  This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the 
first Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the first Tranche 
does not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the 
Notes. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the production 
for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity, including the permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected, or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita 
semplice or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities, or (iii) a private 
or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.  Under some conditions and limitations, Noteholders may 
set off losses with gains. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid up to the 
time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and the sale price, 
respectively. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 
per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial 
activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative 
Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable 
as set forth set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 
2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance 
Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. 
According to Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, under some conditions, capital losses realised upon 
sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets specific requirements, give rise to a tax credit equal to the capital losses, 
provided that such tax credit does not exceed the 20 per cent. of the amount invested in the long-term saving 
accounts (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine). 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below. 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the investor holding 
the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the 
Notes carried out during any given tax year.  The relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital 
gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay 
imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year.  Capital losses 
in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the

--- Page 200 ---
191 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
“risparmio amministrato regime”).  Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the 
Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder.  The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation 
of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian 
tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose.  Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such 
loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, 
in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth.  Under the risparmio amministrato 
regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
(c) 
Any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the Asset 
Management Regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary.  Under the Asset Management Regime, any decrease in value of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years.  Under the Asset Management Regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund.  However, a withholding tax may apply in 
certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per cent. on distributions made by a Real Estate Fund or upon 
redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime 
may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate Fund owning more than 5 per cent. of 
the Real Estate Fund’s units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder that is a Fund, a SICAV or a SICAF will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant 
tax period.  Such result will not be taxed at the level of the Fund, the SICAV or the SICAF but income realised 
by unitholders or shareholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares, may be subject 
to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to Pension Fund Tax.  Subject to certain conditions 
(including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 
2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance 
Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets 
are not subject to imposta sostitutiva (subject, in certain cases, to the filing of a self-declaration stating that the 
relevant Noteholder is not resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes). 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the Noteholder (i) qualifies as the beneficial owner 
of the capital gain and is resident for income tax purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) is an 
international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; or (iii) is a

--- Page 201 ---
192 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an 
institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess 
the status of a taxpayer in its own country of incorporation, in any case, to the extent all the requirements and 
procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in 
order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable.  
In this case, if the non Italian Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the Asset 
Management Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due 
course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that 
they meet the requirements indicated above. 
If none of the conditions described above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders 
from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to imposta sostitutiva at 
the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes provided all the conditions for its application are met.  In this case, if the non-Italian 
resident Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the Asset Management Regime, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon the condition that they file in due course with the 
authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the 
competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non Italian Noteholders. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows:  (a) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to a fixed registration tax of €200; (b) private deeds are subject to registration tax 
only in case of use (caso d’uso) or upon occurrence of an “explicit reference” (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
The transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for 
no consideration) are taxed as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of the spouse and of direct descendants or ascendants are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding 
€1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of the brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 
6 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of all other relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law up to the third degree, 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate, mentioned above 
in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a 
long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-
bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021 and Article 
1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022  are exempt from inheritance and gift taxes.

--- Page 202 ---
193 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Stamp duties 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, as 
subsequently amended, inter alia by Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree No. 201”), 
a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be 
sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any financial product and instrument 
(including the Notes) which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy.  The stamp duty is 
collected by resident banks and other financial intermediaries applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals.  This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market 
value or, if no market value figure is available, on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the 
face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it is 
not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement.  In case of reporting periods of less than 
12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in any form within the 
Italian territory. 
Tax monitoring 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are 
required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted 
into law by Law Decree No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, 
the amount of Notes held abroad during each tax year.  The requirement applies also where the persons above, 
being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to:  (i) Notes deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through their intervention, 
upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same 
intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their 
aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Wealth tax on financial products held abroad 
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201, converted with amendments by Law No. 214 of 
22 December 2011, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici 
or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding 
financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to declare in its own annual 
tax return and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (“IVAFE”).  For taxpayers other than individuals, 
IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or – in the lack of the market value – on the 
nominal value or redemption value of such financial products held outside of the Italian territory.  Taxpayers 
can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial 
products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). Securities (including the Notes) held abroad 
are excluded from the scope of the IVAFE if they are the object of an administration contract (“oggetto di un 
contratto di amministrazione”) with an Italian resident intermediary. In case this exclusion from IVAFE is 
applicable, the stamp duty described in the previous paragraph (Stamp duty) is payable pursuant to Article 13(2-
ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972. 
European directive on administrative cooperation 
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has implemented the EU 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by 2014/107/UE, 2015/2376/UE, 2016/881/UE; 2016/2258/UE and 
2018/822/UE), on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (the “DAC”).

--- Page 203 ---
194 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information mechanism between Member 
States, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and tax evasion.  The new regime under DAC is in 
accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
in July 2014. 
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 2”) implemented 
the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard (“CRS”) within the EU.  Under CRS, 
participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with 
exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by 
financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence, and reporting procedures.  The Italian government 
implemented the above-mentioned Council Directive 2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree issued by the 
Ministry of Finance on 28 December 2015, as amended and supplemented from time to time.  Following the 
Ministerial Decree quoted, the Italian tax authorities may communicate to other EU Member States information 
about interest and other categories of financial income of Italian source, including income from the Notes.  
Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council Directive 2011/16/EU, 
including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the mandatory automatic exchange 
of information on advance cross-border rulings and advance pricing arrangements, through the issue of the 
Legislative Decree 15 March 2017, no. 32, and by the Council Directive 2016/2258/EU as regards access to 
anti-money-laundering information by tax authorities, through the issue of the Legislative Decree 18 May 2018, 
no. 60. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border arrangements.  Under DAC 
6 intermediaries which meet certain criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities 
certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 
25 June 2018 onwards.  Italy enacted DAC 6 into its domestic law with Legislative Decree No. 100 dated 
30 July 2020. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from the application of 
the Directive on Administrative Cooperation. 
The proposed European financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in the form proposed on 14 February 2013, 
apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A 
financial institution may be or be deemed to be “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate, although certain other Member States have expressed strong 
objections to the proposal.  The FTT proposal may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing 
of which remains unclear. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign

--- Page 204 ---
195 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  A 
number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, proposed U.S. Treasury regulations have been issued that provide that such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register.  In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until 
the issuance of final regulations.  Moreover, Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer).  However, if additional 
Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Notes, including those Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.  In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 205 ---
196 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers.  The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out 
in a Dealer Agreement dated on or about the date hereof (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers.  Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 206 ---
197 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Offering Circular, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except to qualiﬁed investors (investisseurs qualifiés) 
as deﬁned in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Articles L.411-1 and L.411-
2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or

--- Page 207 ---
198 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
delivered, nor may copies of this Offering Circular or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the Prospectus Regulation and any 
applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations, including¸ inter alia, the Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”); or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations, including¸ inter alia, 
the Financial Services Act. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Offering Circular or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restrictions under 
(i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) (in each case, as amended) and any other applicable laws or regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy or any other Italian authority (including, without limitation, Article 129 of the Banking Act and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons 
outside of Italy). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, no 
action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a 
public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Persons into whose hands this Offering Circular or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their 
possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall no longer be applicable as a result 
of any change, or any change in official interpretation, after the date hereof of applicable laws and regulations, 
but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Offering Circular.

--- Page 208 ---
199 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Corporate information of the Issuer 
The Issuer is registered with the Companies’ Register of Rome with registration number 07516911000.  The 
Issuer’s registered office is at Via Alberto Bergamini 50, 00159 Rome, Italy. 
LEI 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 815600149448CEB9B230. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of, and the issue of Notes under, the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of Autostrade Italia on 17 October 2014.  The update of the Programme was authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of Autostrade Italia on 7 July 2022.  All consents, approvals, authorisations 
or other orders of all regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of Italy have been given for 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and for the Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the 
Dealer Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Notes. 
Listing 
The Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation, as a “base prospectus” for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  Application has been made 
to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
its regulated market.  Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
For the purposes of admitting Notes to trading on a regulated market in a member state of the European 
Economic Area other than the Republic of Ireland, the Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to 
the competent authority of another Member State:  (i) a copy of this Offering Circular; (ii) a certificate of 
approval attesting that this Offering Circular has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; 
and (iii) if so required by the competent authority of such Member State, a translation into the official 
language(s) of such Member State of a summary of this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue of the relevant Tranche of Bearer Notes, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
Documents Available 
From the date hereof, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding and throughout the life of the Programme, 
copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer 
(www.autostrade.it) and in hard copy, free of charge in English from the registered office of the Issuer and by 
appointment from the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent at the Principal Paying Agent’s option 
such inspection may be provided electronically: 
(i) 
an English translation of the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the annual report and the annual audited consolidated statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and the unaudited condensed interim consolidated 
and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six month periods ending on 
30 June 2021 and 2022 (in each case in English); 
(iii) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Global Notes, the Certificates, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons) and the Agency Agreement; and 
(iv) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(v) 
any future supplement and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus

--- Page 209 ---
200 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this 
Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-
party Opinion are available on the Issuer’s website within the sustainable finance section: 
https://www.autostrade.it/en/investor-relations/sostenibilita/finanza-sostenibile. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes and the Programme have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate common code and 
International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) (and, when applicable, the identification number for 
any other relevant clearing system) for each Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.  The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Legended Notes 
Each Bearer Note that has an original maturity of more than one year and where TEFRA D is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and any Coupon and Talon with respect thereto, will bear the following legend:  “Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
Significant Change and Material Adverse Change 
Save as described under “Business Description of the Group — Recent Developments”, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 December 2021 and there has 
been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 
30 June 2022. 
Material Contracts 
Except as disclosed in “Business Description of the Group”, neither the Issuer nor any of its consolidated 
subsidiaries has, since 30 June 2022, entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of business that 
could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in “Business Description of the Group—Legal Proceedings”, none of the Issuer or any of 
its consolidated subsidiaries is or has been involved in any litigation or governmental or arbitration proceedings 
relating to claims or amounts during the 12 months preceding this Offering Circular which may have or have 
had significant adverse effects on the financial or trading position of the Group, nor so far as the Issuer is aware, 
are any such litigation or proceedings pending or threatened. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates, including parent companies, engage and may in the future 
engage, in financing, in investment banking, commercial banking (including the provision of loan facilities) and 
other related transactions with the Issuer and may perform services for it, in each case in the ordinary course of 
business.  Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related to derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order 
to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent 
companies) may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or

--- Page 210 ---
201 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including parent 
companies) that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates (including 
parent companies) would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
Furthermore, certain of the Dealers (including parent companies) have provided corporate finance and 
investment banking services to the Issuer in the last twelve months.  The net proceeds of an issue of Notes under 
the Programme may be used by the Issuer in whole or in part to repay existing indebtedness which may include 
indebtedness provided by some or all of the Dealers. 
Corporate Governance 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer was in compliance with applicable Italian law corporate 
governance requirements in all material respects. 
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer’s current independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A. (“KPMG”), pursuant to the resolutions of the 
shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer held on 29 May 2020, which appointed KPMG to audit the financial 
statements from 2021 to 2029. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”). 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by KPMG. The audit report covering the 31 December 2021 
consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference herein, includes a matters paragraph that states: 
“The Group’s 2020 consolidated financial statements were audited by other auditors, who expressed their 
unqualified opinion thereon on 25 March 2021.”.  
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022, incorporated by reference herein, have been subject to limited review by 
KPMG. The review report covering the 30 June 2021 unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements, incorporated by reference herein, includes another matters paragraph that states: “The condensed 
interim consolidated financial statements present the prior year annual and interim corresponding figures for 
comparative purposes. The 2020 annual and condensed interim consolidated financial statements were 
respectively audited and reviewed by other auditors, who expressed an unmodified opinion and an unmodified 
conclusion thereon on 25 March 2021 and 7 August 2020, respectively.”. 
With respect to the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022, incorporated by reference herein, KPMG has reported that 
they applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information.  
However, their separate reports, incorporated by reference herein, state that they did not audit and they do not 
express an opinion on that condensed interim consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the degree of 
reliance on their report on such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review 
procedures applied. 
KPMG and Deloitte are registered in the Register of Independent Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the relevant implementing 
regulations and each of them is also a member of ASSIREVI (Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili), the

--- Page 211 ---
202 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Italian association of auditing firms.  The registered office of KPMG S.p.A. is at Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124, 
Milan, Italy.  The registered office of Deloitte is at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy.

--- Page 212 ---
203 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Registered offices of the Issuer 
Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. 
Via Alberto Bergamini, 50 
00159 Rome 
Italy 
Auditors 
With respect to the 2021 and 2022 unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial stetaments, and with respect to 
the 2021 financial statements  
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
With respect to 2020 financial statements 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona, 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy 
Trustee 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA  
United Kingdom 
Attention:  Corporate Trust Services 
Fax no.:  +44 20 7964 2536 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
Attention:  Corporate Trust Services 
Fax:  +44 20 7964 2536 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
D02 T380 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer as to English law and Italian law 
White & Case LLP 
Piazza Diaz, 2 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers to Italian law, Italian tax law and 
 English law 
To the Trustee as to English law 
Studio Legale Associato 
in association with Linklaters 
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London, EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 213 ---
204 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 214 ---
205 
12/21/2022 22:49 
EMEA 139446966 v10 [139446966_10.docx] 
 
 
 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA –Asia Building 
1st floor – C/Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar  
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Strasse 18 
D-80333 Munich 
Germany 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany