--- Page 1 ---
1 
WS0101.38016504.1 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
(incorporated as a société anonyme in France) 
Euro 14,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from one year from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus, as may be supplemented from time to time (the Base 
Prospectus), Autoroutes du Sud de la France (the Issuer or Autoroutes du Sud de la France or ASF), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the Notes). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed Euro 14,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (CSSF), as competent authority in Luxembourg under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. In line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi relative 
aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction 
and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment on the opportunity to invest in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid 
until 18 July 2025 and shall be completed by a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event of significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange while this Base Prospectus is valid for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) (each such market being a Regulated Market). However, Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be 
unlisted or listed and/or admitted to trading on any other market, including any Regulated Market in any member state of the European Economic Area (the 
EEA). The relevant final terms (the Final Terms) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. Unlisted Notes under this Programme do not require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in relation to such unlisted Notes. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form (Materialised Notes), as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in 
Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be 
inscribed in the accounts of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate 
will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on 
or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes") upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") intended to be cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited 
as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Programme has been rated A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P)1 and A3 (senior unsecured debt) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
(Moody's)2. The Issuer has been rated A- (stable) by S&P and A3 (stable) by Moody's. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes, 
whether Unsubordinated or Subordinated (all as defined in "General Description of the Programme"), will have such rating, if any, as is assigned to them by 
the relevant rating organisation as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned under the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the EU CRA Regulation), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation is published on the ESMA's website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As of the date of the Base 
Prospectus, S&P and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
 
1 According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated "A" is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong. The addition of pluses and minuses provides further distinctions within the ratings range. 
2 According to Moodys' rating system, obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper- medium grade with low credit risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 
3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Arranger 
NATIXIS 
Dealers  
BARCLAYS 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
COMMERZBANK 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
HSBC  
IMI – INTESA SANPAOLO 
ING 
MUFG 
NATIXIS 
NATWEST MARKETS 
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
SMBC 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
UNICREDIT 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 July 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and contains 
or incorporates by reference all necessary information concerning the Issuer which is material to an investor for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects 
of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together with the Issuer, the Group), as well as the terms and conditions of the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in 
"General Description of the Programme") not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate 
nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on the basis of the then prevailing 
market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent Dealers are to the persons listed above as Dealer and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or information which 
is or may be incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), (ii) any supplement thereto that may be published from time 
to time in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger (each as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference have 
been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information appears. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the above sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the information 
reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, including any supplement thereto, and the offering or sale of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which 
is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus and any supplement 
thereto in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Note may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus (including any supplement thereto) nor any offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, 
delivered, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the U.S Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder). The Notes 
are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information or representations contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
(including any information incorporated by reference) (i) are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and (ii) should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme (including financial statements) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Dealers or the Arranger has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition or financial affairs of the 
Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollars" are to 
the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY", "Japanese yen" and "Yen" are 
to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "C$", "CAD" or "Canadian Dollar" are to the lawful currency of 
Canada and references to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
In this Base Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between totals and the sums of the amounts listed in such 
table are due to rounding. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 3 August 2023, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended 
(the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer 
is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined 
above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will 
be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity 
and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
CANADA - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................... 14 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ..................................................................................................................... 29 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................... 31 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ................... 34 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................................. 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................. 36 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 98 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................ 99 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................... 100 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................................. 122 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ............................................................................................................................ 122 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................ 124 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 127 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................. 149

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and should be read together with 
this Base Prospectus from which it is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be 
subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 36 to 97 of this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meaning in this 
general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Autoroutes du Sud de la France 
LEI (Legal Entity 
Identifier): 
213800U12KWYZEECZ934 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under 
the Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under Risk Factors relating to 
the Issuer and its operations below.  
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme including general risks relating to the 
Notes and risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. These are set out 
under Risk Factors relating to the Notes below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes (the Programme) 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
RBC Europe Limited 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent 
Dealers are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as 
a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Programme Limit: 
Euro 14,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The amount of the Programme may be increased from time to time in accordance with the 
terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale" below).  
 
Fiscal Agent, 
Principal Paying 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation Agent 
and Calculation 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas acting through its Securities Services business 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued 
in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the principal amount thereof, the issue date, the issue 
price and the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche will be completed in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one year from the date of original issue.  
An extended maturity date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of 
Notes in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such 
other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the 
Unsubordinated 
Notes: 
Unsubordinated notes (Unsubordinated Notes) will constitute direct, general, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Status of the 
Subordinated Notes: 
Subordinated notes (Subordinated Notes) will be unsecured subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and pari 
passu with any other unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to 
any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer as set out in Condition 3(b) (Status of 
Subordinated Notes). 
 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the payment of interest in respect of 
Subordinated Notes without a specified maturity date (Undated Subordinated Notes) 
may be deferred in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Interest and Other 
Calculations). 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of Unsubordinated Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Events of Default  
(including cross 
default): 
There will be events of default, including cross-default, in respect of Unsubordinated 
Notes as set out in Condition 9(a) and limited events of default only in respect of 
Subordinated Notes as set out in Condition 9(b) (Events of Default). 
Redemption 
Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable calculated on the 
basis as specified in the Conditions. 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in two or 
more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes 
may be redeemed. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, as may be extended, at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above and "Residual Maturity Call Option", 
"Make-whole Redemption", "Loss of Concession", "Squeeze Out Option" below, the 
Notes (i) will, at the option of the Issuer, or shall, in some circumstances, be redeemable 
for taxation reasons (Condition 6(g)) and (ii) will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
for illegality (Condition 6(j)), in both cases prior to their maturity, as may be extended.  
See Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Residual Maturity 
Call: 
In addition, unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and 
including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Make-whole 
Redemption: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on any Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
prior to their Maturity Date, at the Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
Loss of Concession: 
If a Loss of Concession occurs which results in the cessation of all or a substantial part of 
the business or operations of the Issuer, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, no later than thirty (30) calendar days 
following the receipt by the Concession Holder of the monetary compensation due under 
the terms of the relevant Concession Agreement. 
Squeeze Out 
Option: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if seventy-five (75) per 
cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series (the 
Squeeze Out Amount) has been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem, at its option, all (but not some only) of the 
remaining Notes of that Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date, and where applicable, any Arrears of 
Interest. 
Redemption at the 
Option of 
Noteholders: 
If an Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Noteholder, redeem its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest. 
Redemption at the 
option of 
Noteholders 
following a Change 
of Control: 
If at any time while any of the Notes remain outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control 
and (only if, at the start of the Change of Control Period any of the Notes are rated by any 
Rating Agency) within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of 
that Change of Control occurs, the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior 
to the giving of a Put Event Notice by a Noteholder, the Issuer gives notice to the 
Noteholders of its intention to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of that Note. 
Interest Periods and 
Rate of Interest: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its method 
of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both.  
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. All such information will be set

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
out in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" 
shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin.  
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the basis 
and by reference to the fluctuating rate or benchmark (or any reference rate that might 
replace them) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the basis of the Conditions. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an 
adjustment spread). 
Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the 
basis and by reference to a Fixed Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms minus a 
Floating Rate, specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Formula Rate 
Notes: 
Formula Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the basis 
and by reference to a Formula Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the 
basis of the Conditions. 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the 
Issuer or Noteholder(s) may elect to, convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will 
not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest and/or the principal 
in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio derived 
from either: 
- 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques or the relevant successor index; or 
- 
the harmonized index of consumer price excluding tobacco, or the relevant 
successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat or the relevant 
successor index; or 
- 
the U.K. Retail Price Index (all items) published by the Office for National 
Statistics or the relevant successor index. 
Dual Currency 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, 
and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Taxation: 
1. All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
2. If French law should require that payments of principal or interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest) in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future French taxes or 
duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Further Issues and 
Consolidation: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights 
identical in all respects and that the terms of such further notes provide for such 
assimilation. 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of one or more together Series, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, 
provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated 
in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in 
materialised form (Materialised Notes). 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form (Materialised Bearer Notes) only. 
A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Noteholders: 
Noteholders will be grouped automatically for the defence of their respective common 
interests in a masse (the Masse) governed by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce subject to certain exceptions and as supplemented by the provisions of the 
Conditions. The Masse will be a separate legal entity, and will be acting in part through a 
representative and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders which may be 
taken in a General Meeting or by way of a Written Resolution. 
Governing Law: 
French law.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in relation 
to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the application form 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount. The Issue Price will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms.  
Settlement 
procedure of the 
Notes, including 
derivative Notes: 
Any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under the Programme as 
Dematerialised Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under the Programme as Materialised 
Bearer Notes will be represented initially upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates 
and will be accepted for clearance through Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) 
issued under the Programme will be paid in cash. 
Approval -
Admission to 
trading and listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock 
exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Method of 
Publication: 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the 
websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Issuer 
(www.vinci-autoroutes.com). The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). In addition, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
additional methods of publication are required and describe any such methods. 
No offer to retail 
investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any other Member 
State of the EEA and/or in the UK. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of offering material in 
various jurisdictions. See "Subscription and Sale". In connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set 
out in the relevant supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
 
The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 as amended (the Code) section 4701(b) containing rules similar to those that 
currently apply under section 163(f)(2)(B) of the Code (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) of the Code and any successor regulation issued under section 
4701(b) of the Code containing rules similar to those that currently apply under section 
163(f)(2)(B) of the Code (the C Rules) or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute registration required obligations under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Rating: 
The Issuer has been rated A- (stable) by S&P and A3 (stable) by Moody's. The Programme 
has been rated A- by S&P and A3 (senior unsecured debt) by Moody's. Notes issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes, whether Unsubordinated or Subordinated, 
will have such rating, if any, as is assigned to them by the relevant rating organisation as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned under the Programme. 
The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (the ESMA) 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As of the date of 
the Base Prospectus, S&P and Moody's are established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings 
are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union, 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in UK and registered UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as specified in the Final 
Terms) be applied by the Issuer either (a) to finance its general activities, or (b) to finance 
or refinance, in part or in full, (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects, or (iii) 
sustainability projects (being a combination of both green and social projects), as further 
described in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
13

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
RISK FACTORS  
1. Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations are set out below and are assessed according to three 
levels of severity: critical risk, significant risk and moderate risk. In each category below the Issuer sets out first 
the most material risks, taking into account the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme and are material for taking an informed investment decision. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur.  
The inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons than those identified in the statements below. Additional risks and uncertainties not 
currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently believes to be immaterial, could also have a material impact on 
its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks 
associated with the Issuer prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme. 
Type of risks 
Severity 
1.1 Operational risks 
  
Toll revenue risks  
Significant 
Labour unrest and damage or destruction of sections 
Moderate 
Construction risks 
Moderate 
Environmental risks 
Moderate 
 
1.2 Contractual and Legal risks 
  
Regulatory environment 
Significant 
French State termination and buy-out option 
Moderate 
Expiry of concession agreements, return of assets to the French State 
Moderate 
Legal risks 
Moderate 
1.3 Financial risks 
  
Liquidity risks 
Moderate 
Interest rate risks 
Moderate 
1.1 
Operational risks 
Toll revenue risks  
i. 
Concentration of revenue sources 
97.7 per cent of the sales turnover for the year ended 31 December 2023 (excluding revenue from construction 
work) of the Autoroutes du Sud de la France (ASF) group (the ASF Group or the Group) consists of toll revenues 
received under its three present concession agreements. These concession agreements consist of the ASF network 
concession agreement expiring in April 2036 (the ASF Concession Agreement), the Escota network concession 
agreement expiring in February 2032 (the Escota Concession Agreement) and, to a lesser extent, the Puymorens 
tunnel concession agreement signed by ASF and expiring in 2037 (the Puymorens Concession Agreement). 
Since it became part of the VINCI Group in 2006, ASF has ceased to compete for new concession agreements, 
with the development of new concessions being managed by VINCI Group entities.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
The remainder of turnover (2.3 per cent) is generated by royalties related to sub-concessions (motorway service 
stations, hotels and restaurants) and rental of optical fibre networks to telecommunication operators. 
The Group is almost entirely dependent on the revenues generated by its two main concession agreements: the 
ASF Concession Agreement and the Escota Concession Agreement. This risk is, however, mitigated by the size 
of the Group network and the number of routes covered, which provides major trunk routes comprising of essential 
international transit roads within France. 
Nevertheless, a deterioration in toll revenue may have a materially negative impact on the business, revenues, 
results of operation, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects of the Group. 
ii. 
Change in traffic and toll receipts 
Toll receipts, which represent the majority of ASF Group revenues, depend on the number of paying vehicles 
using the network, tariffs and the network’s ability to absorb traffic.Traffic volumes depend on a number of factors, 
including the quality, convenience and travel time of toll-free roads or toll motorways that are not part of the Group 
networks, the economic climate and fuel prices in France, environmental legislation and administrative decisions 
(including measures to restrict mobility), new taxes levied on road infrastructure users, the existence of alternative 
modes of transport (in particular rail and air travel) and road users' resistance to tolls (which are linked to inflation). 
A decrease in traffic volumes would have a materially negative impact on the Group’s toll revenues. 
As an example, ASF Group’s traffic variation in the five previous years are presented below: 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
+3.3% 
-21.2% 
+22.2% 
+6.1% 
+1.4% 
 
Tariffs and tariff increases are determined by the ASF Concession Agreement and Escota Concession Agreement. 
The Group can give no assurance that the tariffs the Group is authorised to charge will be sufficient to guarantee 
an adequate level of profitability.  
Moreover, any change in the toll collection technologies in France (such as in other European countries) may also 
result in additional costs to the Group. 
Furthermore, databases linked to toll collection system could be exposed to cyberattacks. ASF Group employs 
resources to ensure the security of its information systems and thereby preserve its operating performance. 
However, due in particular to the diversity of these attacks, it is not possible to estimate all the potential impacts. 
iii. 
Changes in the inflation rate  
Toll rate adjustments are based on annual changes in the French consumer price index (excluding tobacco). 
Accordingly, the Group is exposed to the risk of a decline in the rate of inflation. A decrease in the inflation rate 
would result in lower toll rate increases, which could adversely affect the evolution of the Group’s net operating 
cash flows. Conversely, an increase in the inflation rate would result in toll rate increases which could have an 
adverse effect on traffic. 
As an example, the inflation rates on which the Group’s toll increases have been based in the five previous years 
are presented below: 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
1.94% 
0.60% 
0.00% 
2.57% 
6.33% 
iv. 
Traffic saturation on certain motorways 
Some of the Group’s urban motorways are saturated and become over-saturated at certain periods of the year. 
Moreover, traffic congestion occurs during peak periods, especially in summer, on some of ASF Group’s 
motorways including the A7 (a section located in the Rhone Valley) and the A9. The Group is working with the 
State and the relevant local authorities to identify solutions to reduce traffic to acceptable levels. For example, a 
new relief section of the A9 motorway was opened in May 2017 at Montpellier to separate transit and local traffic 
and reduce congestion.  
Saturation problems may not be resolved at an acceptable cost to the Group and/or continued saturation problems 
might eventually lead to new concessions being awarded to competitors, which would have a negative impact on 
the revenues of the Group.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
v. 
Increased competition 
The Group is exposed to competition from alternative road networks and also from alternative means of transport 
(in particular rail and air travel). 
The most significant competition from toll-free roads concerns the A10, which competes with the RN10 between 
Poitiers and Saint-André-de-Cubzac (North of Bordeaux). This section of the RN10 (200 km long) is entirely four 
lanes wide, and the route followed is around 20 km shorter than that taken by the A10. Nearly 80 per cent. of the 
heavy goods vehicles and 20 per cent. of light vehicles using the A10 north of Poitiers to Bordeaux choose this 
stretch of the RN10.  
French transport policy currently focuses on restoring the balance among the various ways of transport. Efforts 
are being made to limit traffic by heavy goods vehicles by encouraging freight back onto rail, with the target of at 
least doubling rail freight in the next ten years. At a European level, the European Commission’s 2011 White 
Paper targets the rebalancing of modes of transport not in the next ten years but by 2030 and by 2050. This less 
ambitious goal takes into account the fact that only a small proportion of freight is currently carried by rail, and 
that road shipping still remains the main means of transport over short distances, where alternative means of 
transport do not yet match with the current needs of the economy. 
Increased competition in the future may have a negative impact on the business, revenues, results of operation, 
cash flows, financial conditions and prospects of the Group. 
Labour unrest and damage or destruction of sections of the Group’s motorways  
Like all motorway concessionaires, ASF and Escota face potential risks from labour unrest, natural disasters such 
as earthquakes, flooding, landslides or subsidence, collapse or destruction of sections of motorway or the spillage 
of hazardous substances. The occurrence of any such events could lead to a significant decline in toll revenues 
from the Group’s motorways or a significant increase in expenditures for the operation, maintenance or repair of 
the Group network.  
Although the Group carries all risk and accident insurance, policies may not cover all of the incremental costs 
resulting from damage to the network. ASF and Escota do not carry business interruption insurance covering the 
loss of toll receipts as a result of strike action or blockages of toll booths by protestors or as a result of accidents.  
Construction risks 
Pursuant to the Programme Plan, Stimulus Plan and Motorways Investment Plan, as well as the 18th and 20th 
Amendments to ASF Concession Agreement relative to Montpellier Western Bypass and the 19th Amendment to 
ASF Concession Agreement relative to Verfeil access road, the Group undertakes large-scale investments. These 
investments are intended to adapt and modernize infrastructure, mainly to cope with increasing traffic, and include 
new road infrastructures, road-widening, toll plazas and rest and service area extensions, and interchanges 
construction. The Group also invests in infrastructure maintenance to repair damage due to high traffic and 
infrastructure ageing and to comply with new technical standards. 
Such large-scale construction projects expose the Group to the risk of shortages of materials or labour, higher 
material or labour costs, general factors affecting economic activity and the credit market, business failures by 
contractors or subcontractors, work stoppage due to administrative decision, bad weather or unforeseen 
engineering or environmental problems. The occurrence of any of these risks may have a negative adverse impact 
on the Group.  
Type of investment 
Year 2023 
Year 2022 
% change 
(Group) 
(in € millions) 
ASF 
Escota 
ASF 
+ Escota 
ASF 
Escota 
ASF 
+ Escota 
Supplementary investments 
on motorways in service(1) 
205 
193 
398 
196 
136 
332 
20% 
Operating tangible fixed 
assets(1) 
48 
17 
65 
36 
20 
57 
15% 
Total 
252 
211 
463 
232 
156 
389 
19% 
(1) Including capitalised production, borrowing costs and grants. Excluding IFRS 16 impacts. 
ASF internal source.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Environmental risks 
The Group must comply with increasingly numerous and restrictive environmental, health and safety laws and 
regulations. The Group therefore incurs, and will continue to incur, costs to comply with such laws and regulations. 
In particular, the Group must comply with regulations covering noise pollution, water protection, air quality and 
atmospheric pollution, waste prevention, greenhouse gas emissions, protection of sites of archaeological interest, 
national parks, nature reserves, classified sites, "Natura 2000" sites (conservation areas for the protection of natural 
habitats and rare species of plants and animals), forest fire prevention and waste disposal. The Group may be 
subject to stricter laws and regulations in the future, thereby incurring higher compliance costs. In the case of an 
accident or damage to the environment, the Group may be subject to personal injury or property damage claims or 
legal proceedings for harm to natural resources. The business or profitability may be adversely affected if the 
Group is unable to cover environmental protection costs or costs arising from its partial liability for any accidents.  
The Group complies with all applicable environmental regulations and standards and has set up a quality control 
system covering its activities in building, operation and maintenance. Formal design and management standards 
as well as guidelines have been issued, spanning all aspects of the business. The Construction Department of ASF 
obtained ISO 9001 in 2003, ISO 14001 in 2010 and ISO 45001 in 2024. All of the seven ASF operating regional 
centers obtained ISO 14001 certification in 2012. Escota’s four operating centers and support departments are also 
ISO 14001 certified since 2012. 
Respect for the environment is a central priority for ASF and Escota, which aim to continuously improve their 
environmental performance and prevent pollution. Environmental initiatives are coordinated centrally and 
monitored regularly using performance indicators. In partnership with all stakeholders, including nature 
preservation associations, the ASF Group acts to implement appropriate solutions on the issues of noise, water, air 
quality, greenhouse gas emissions and biodiversity. Preservation of natural resources, energy savings and 
optimisation of waste management in the operating centres and on the network are also priorities. 
The occurrence of an accident or any failure by the Group to comply with environmental, health and safety 
regulations may adversely affect the Group's operating results and reputation, which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on its business and financial conditions.  
1.2 
Contractual and legal risks 
Regulatory environment 
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment and its results are influenced by government toll road 
policies. As in all highly regulated industries, regulatory changes may affect the Group’s business. 
 In the event of a substantial change in technical regulations related directly to the concession that could seriously 
impair the equilibrium of concession operations, the concession agreements stipulate that the Group and the French 
State will mutually negotiate compensatory measures in the interest of the continued provision of the public 
service. 
The concessionaire is liable for all current and future taxes relating to the concession. Under the terms of the 
concession agreements, in the event of a change in tax rules relating to motorways or the introduction or 
suppression of taxes on motorway operators during the life of the relevant concession agreement that may change 
the financial balance of the relevant concession, the French State and the concessionaire will mutually agree on 
any compensatory measures to be taken to ensure that economic and financial conditions remain unchanged.  
French State termination and buy-out option 
Since 1 January 2012, the French State has the right to buy back one or more of the concessions, for reasons of 
public interest, on 1 January of each year, subject to giving one year’s notice. If the buy back option is exercised, 
the concessionaire will be entitled to compensation corresponding to the loss suffered by it as a result of the 
termination, the amount of which, net of taxes due on its receipts and after taking into account all deductible costs, 
will be equal to the fair value of the concession being bought back, estimated in accordance with the method for 
calculating the present value of available after-tax cash-flows (see section 1.4 of the Description of the Issuer: 
"State buyback option"). 
As from the end of 2033 for ASF and 2027 for Escota, the French State will have the right to terminate the relevant 
concession agreement when the concession operator reaches a cap on return based on the cumulative evolution of 
their operating income since the privatisation of toll roads in 2006. 
In addition, the French State may terminate the concession agreement due to a serious breach of the company’s 
contractual obligations (except in case of force majeure). In this case, the relevant concession would be awarded 
to a new operator under a competitive bidding process and the company would receive the bid price paid by the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
new concessionaire (see section 1.4 of the Description of the Issuer: "Termination for default"). However, the bid 
price may not cover all of the ASF's Group's liabilities. Moreover, if no operator were found, the Group would be 
entitled to no compensation.  
Expiry of concession agreements, return of assets to the French State 
Substantially all of ASF Group revenues are derived from operations under the ASF Concession Agreement and 
the Escota Concession Agreement. When the concessions expire, ASF and Escota will be required to surrender 
substantially all of the related assets in good condition to the French State, without compensation. 
Legal risks 
As part of the ordinary course of their business, ASF and Escota are subject to a number of administrative 
proceedings and civil actions relating to the construction, operation and management of the Group network. 
Although ASF and Escota carry property, casualty and liability insurance, these policies might not adequately 
cover the total amount of claims related to the construction, maintenance or operation of the motorways, bridges 
and tunnels in the network. 
1.3 
Financial risks 
Liquidity risks  
The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk relates to its obligations on existing debt and to finance future working 
capital needs, capital expenditure and general purposes. If the Group is unable to access the capital markets or 
other sources of finance, it could have a materially negative impact on the Group’s business. 
At 31 December 2023, ASF Group’s net financial debt was €7,180.3 million. The repayment schedule of the long-
term financial debt (€8,167.9 million) is as follows: 
 
 
* Excluding revolving credit facility with VINCI Autoroutes 
 
For its financing needs, the Group will have recourse mainly to the bond market and the banking system. 
At 31 December 2023, the Group had a net cash of €1,102.5 million. 
Taking into account the unused credit facility with VINCI Autoroutes (€2 billion) and the net cash, the Group’s 
liquidity position at 31 December 2023 was €3.1 billion. 
The revolving credit facility with VINCI matured on 7th November 2023. On the same date, the Group entered 
into a new confirmed revolving credit facility with VINCI Autoroutes for an amount of €2 billion maturing in 
November 2026. 
As of 31 December 2023, certain financial covenants contain early repayment clauses applicable in the event of 
non-compliance with financial ratios. The EIB (European Investment Bank) loan contracts provide a rating clause 
0
500
1000
1500
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
REPAYMENT'S SCHEDULE - ASF GROUP LONG-TERM FINANCIAL DEBT (NOMINAL)*
AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023 (in € million)
EIB Loans & Regional authority advances
Bonds

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
under which, if the Group is downgraded, the parties shall consult each other in order to provide the lender with 
sufficient information to assess the situation. Following such consultation, the EIB is authorised to request the 
provision of guarantees or collateral in its favour. If the Group fails to satisfy this request within a reasonable time, 
the EIB may require an early redemption of the loans. Since the execution of the first loan, the Group was 
downgraded by Standard and Poor’s from A+ to BBB+, in connection with its privatisation. The EIB, after having 
considered ASF Group's situation following such downgrade, has not requested the provision of guarantees or 
collateral. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s has the following financial ratings: 
 
Any downgrading of the Group’s debt rating could increase costs on new financing and have a negative impact on 
the Group’s ability to obtain financing. 
Interest rate risk 
Due to the level of its net financial debt, the Group may be affected by the evolution of the euro zone interest rates. 
The Group intends to preserve and optimise its financial results on a long-term basis by implementing an interest 
rate hedging policy based on a targeted allocation of net financial debt between fixed rate, capped rate, inflation 
linked rate and floating rate depending on the level of leverage measured by the net financial debt/EBITDA3 ratio. 
The Treasury Committee, which comprises the VINCI Executive Vice President and CFO, the VINCI Autoroutes 
CFO and the VINCI Group Treasurer and which meets regularly, follows the interest rate exposure of the Group 
and implements the hedging policy. In connection with this policy, the Group implements some hedging 
instruments in the form of swaps or options for which the start date may differ.  
As of 31 December 2023, 37 per cent of the Group's long-term financial debt after hedging was at a fixed rate and 
63 per cent was at a floating rate. 
Any increase in interest rates would increase the Group's finance costs on existing floating rate debt and new 
financing, then could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition. 
2. Risk factors relating to the Notes 
The following paragraphs describe some risk factors that are specific and material to the Notes to be admitted to 
trading in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
They should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular 
Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances.  
In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Terms used but not defined in this section will have the meaning given to them in the section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". 
2.1. 
Risks related to all Series of Notes  
2.1.1. 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated 
or subordinated obligations of the Issuer as described in Condition 3 (Status), benefiting from no direct recourse 
to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under 
the Notes. The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the 
 
3 Cash flows from/(used in) operations before tax and financing costs 
Agency
Long term
Outlook
Short term
Standard & Poor's
A-
Stable
A-2
Moody's
A3
Stable
P-2
Rating

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
risks related to the Issuer). If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the 
Noteholders could be significant because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or part 
of their investment. 
2.1.2. 
French Insolvency Law  
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to the Issuer. In the event that the 
Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to 
the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as 
amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency 
of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 
has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance 
amends French insolvency law notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under 
insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and 
therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto 
power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several 
classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden: (i) by a 
cram down inside their class if grouped with other creditors; or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory 
insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a material adverse impact on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, 
could substantially and adversely impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
2.1.3. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) provides that the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse and a General Meeting of 
Noteholders can be held or a Written Resolution (each as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)) 
can be taken (together, the Collective Decisions). This Condition permits defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and did not vote at the relevant 
General Meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not 
respond to, or rejected, a Written Resolution. While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Conditions 
will need to be amended by way of such a Collective Decision, if such a Collective Decision were to be taken, it 
is possible that a majority of Noteholders could adopt a decision that would modify the Conditions in a way that 
could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders. However, the likelihood of a majority of Noteholders adopting 
a decision that would have a significant adverse effect on the Noteholders should not be overplayed.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
2.2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Series of Notes may carry 
varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the 
provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. Set out below is a 
description of the most common of such features. 
2.2.1. 
Early redemption risks 
2.2.1.1 
An early redemption could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less 
than anticipated 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the country of domicile (or 
residence for tax purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in some circumstances must, redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such law, becoming effective 
after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to comply or perform with one or more of its obligations 
under the Notes, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances (Condition 6(d)(i) (Call Option), (ii) (Residual 
Maturity Call Option), (iii) (Make-whole Redemption) and Condition 6(l) (Squeeze-Out Option) and Condition 
6(m) (Loss of Concession)), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may 
be relatively low. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may 
feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  
Furthermore, the exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer, pursuant to Condition 6(d)(iii) (Make-
whole Redemption), may be subject to certain refinancing conditions referred to in the notice published by the 
Issuer in connection thereto. Should the refinancing condition, if applicable, not be satisfied, the notice of exercise 
of the make-whole option by the Issuer will be revoked and the Notes will not be redeemed, which may have a 
negative impact on the Noteholders as the market price of the Notes is likely to fall below the expected Make-
Whole Redemption Amount. 
As a consequence of early redemption, the yield anticipated by the Noteholders could be considerably less than 
anticipated and Noteholders could lose part of their investment as the Notes may have been trading above par. In 
addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so 
only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.  
2.2.1.2 
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not 
exercised  
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(d)(iii), the Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer provided in Condition 6(d)(i) or the Redemption at the Option of Noteholders provided in Conditions 6(e) 
and 6(k) are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such options by the Issuer or by the Noteholders in 
respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is 
not exercised and may have a direct and negative impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their 
Notes. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the 
option of the Noteholders is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is 
not exercised may become illiquid, which depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and negative 
impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
2.2.2. 
Interest rate risks 
2.2.2.1 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may change

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which 
bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a consequence, part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents 
a significant risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to sell his Notes on the secondary market. 
2.2.2.2 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes or 
Formula Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) and Condition 5(d) (Formula Rate Notes) allow 
respectively for Floating Rate Notes and Formula Rate Notes to be issued. A key difference between Floating Rate 
Notes or Formula Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Conditions provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, 
investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. It 
is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate Notes and give rise to investment risk. In 
addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market 
(if any) of the Floating Rate Notes or the Formula Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Investments in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly 
short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the 
interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference 
rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual 
floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided 
that in no event will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero.  
Investments in Notes which bear interest at a formula rate comprise two floating rates to be added, subtracted, 
multiplied or divided, as the case may be. Accordingly, the market value of such Formula Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes to the floating rates can only be reflected in the interest of the Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant floating rate. Such Formula Rate Notes are not a suitable investment for investors who 
require regular fixed income payments because the Interest Amounts are variable. In no event will the relevant 
Interest Amounts be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different 
from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return 
under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
2.2.2.3 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) (Benchmark Discontinuation) and where the relevant 
Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Inverse Floating Rate Notes, as the 
case may be, specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to a reference rate 
that constitutes a "benchmark", for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation").   
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks on the European Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being 
limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
no fallback provisions or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks have been extended until the end 
of 2025 by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023. There are therefore still details 
to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
"benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark", in particular: 
- 
if the administrator of the relevant benchmark does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a 
non-EU jurisdiction, such administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the 
transitional provisions do not apply, the relevant benchmark may not be permitted to be used by a supervised 
entity in certain ways; and 
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the relevant "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
"benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmarks"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". Any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to 
a "benchmark".  
2.2.2.4 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank 
offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, CMS 
Rate or any mid-swap rate, but shall exclude €STR, SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, TONA and SARON (each as defined 
below)), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by 
reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include 
the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both 
as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)), with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, 
could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and 
without the consent of the Noteholders.  
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and 
expected performance of the relevant benchmark. 
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, 
other fallbacks rules may be used, which consist in the rate of interest for such Interest Period to be based on the 
rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor above entitled 
"Regulation and reform of "benchmarks"". This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such 
adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any 
such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder and the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result 
in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
2.2.2.5 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) allows 
for Notes referencing the Euro short term rate (€STR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rates (SOFR), the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA), the Tokyo 
overnight average (TONA) or the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON) to be issued. The market continues 
to develop in relation to risk free rates such as €STR, SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, TONA and SARON as reference 
rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling, U.S. dollar bonds, Canadian dollar, Japanese Yen or Swiss Franc, as 
applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant inter-bank offered rates. This relates not only to the 
substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. The market 
or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out 
in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this 
Programme (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Notes)). The Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, TONA or SARON 
in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued 
by the Issuer referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, TONA or SARON. 
The development of the use of risk free rates for bond markets, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this 
Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk free rates in other markets, such as the loan and derivatives 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
In particular, several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. It may be that 
no particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain 
widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-
free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free 
rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rates to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Due to the uncertainties surrounding such 
risk free rates, Noteholders investing in Notes referencing such risk free rates may be adversely affected and may, 
as a result, lose part of their investment. 
2.2.2.6 
The market value of Inverse Floating Rate Notes may be more volatile than that of Floating 
Rate Notes based on the same reference rate 
 
Condition 5(c)(iv) (Rate of Interest for Inverse Floating Rate Notes) allows for Inverse Floating Rate Notes to be 
issued. Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed base rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate. The market value of such Notes typically is more volatile than the market value of Floating Rate

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Notes based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are 
more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may 
also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes 
and investors could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
 
2.2.2.7 
Risks related to the conversion on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Condition 5(e) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes initially bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer or, if there is a single Noteholder of 
a Series, the Noteholder or, in the case of more than one Noteholder of a Series, all the Noteholders acting together 
pursuant to a Collective Decision may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. The conversion (whether automatic or optional) 
of the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may 
lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its 
Notes. It is difficult to anticipate market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes. Investors should also refer to the risk factor relating to Fixed Rate Notes 
and Floating Rate Notes. 
2.2.2.8 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 5(c)(v) (Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes) allows for Inflation Linked Notes to be issued. 
Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the performance 
of an inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France (the CPI) as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des 
Etudes Economiques (INSEE), (ii) the harmonized index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant 
successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the HICP) or (iii) the U.K. Retail Price Index (the RPI) published by the 
Office for National Statistics (the ONS) or the relevant successor index (each an Inflation Index and together, the 
Inflation Indices). If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than 
the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, 
then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Potential 
investors in Inflation Linked Notes should be aware that (i) they may receive no interest or only receive a limited 
amount of interest and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. However, if the nominal 
amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes can be volatile 
investments. If they are structured to include multipliers, an exponent, or caps and or floors, or any combination 
of those features, as provided for in Condition 5(j), their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. Due to the uncertainties surrounding Inflation Indices, Noteholders 
investing in Inflation Linked Notes may be adversely affected and may, as a result, lose part of their investment. 
2.2.2.9 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than 
on conventional interest-bearing Notes 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. It 
is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could 
be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
2.2.2.10 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes) allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes in market interest rates 
have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes 
because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their 
leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on 
their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is 
difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. 
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than to prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of comparable maturities. 
2.2.2.11 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or an exponent imply a higher volatility 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers, an 
exponent, or caps and/or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may be even more 
volatile than those for securities that do not include those features and as a consequence investors could lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.2.3. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
As provided under Condition 9(b) (Subordinated Notes), the events of default applicable to Subordinated Notes 
are limited which means there is no right of acceleration of the Subordinated Notes in the case of non-payment of 
principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes or of the Issuer’s failure to perform any of its obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes. Payment of principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be accelerated only if any 
judgment shall be issued in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. As a result of the above, the 
value of the Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively affected. In addition, holders of 
Subordinated Notes would receive payments on any outstanding Subordinated Notes only after senior Noteholders 
and other senior creditors have been repaid in full, if and to the extent that there is still cash available for those 
payments. Thus, holders of Subordinated Notes generally face a higher performance risk than holders of senior 
Notes and there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment. 
In particular, with respect to Undated Subordinated Notes, the payment of interest relating to such Notes may be 
deferred in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Deferral of Interest). Any deferral of interest 
payments will likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Undated Subordinated Notes. In 
addition, as a result of the interest deferral provision of the Undated Subordinated Notes, the market price of the 
Undated Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which original 
issue discount or interest accrues that are not subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to 
adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition. 
2.2.4. 
Risks related to green, social and/or sustainability Notes  
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to any specific 
Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issue of those Notes to finance or refinance, in part or in full existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible 
social projects, or (iii) eligible sustainability projects (being a combination of both eligible green and eligible social 
projects), as further described in the relevant Final Terms relating to the green, social and sustainability Notes and 
any relevant framework on the Issuer website before the issue of such Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there is no framework prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of the issue of social or sustainability Notes. However, 
if the Issuer decides to issue such Notes, the Issuer will make available the relevant framework on its website 
before the issue of such Notes. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green" or a "social" or an equivalently-labelled project and such a clear definition or consensus may 
not develop over time. In addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time, and, as such, 
the use of the proceeds of such Notes may not meet any or all Noteholders expectations regarding such "green" or 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. A basis for the determination of such a definition 
has been established in the EU with the adoption by the Council and the European Parliament on 18 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
Taxonomy Regulation). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
"taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic 
activities can be considered environmentally sustainable, and was completed by the European Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 (as amended) and by the European Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of 27 June 2023.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 30 November 2023. 
The Regulation, which entered into force on 20 December 2023 will apply from 21 December 2024. It introduces 
a voluntary label (the "European Green Bond Standard") for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds where the 
proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation. Any green, social and 
sustainability Notes issued under this Programme will not be issued according to such European Green Bond 
Standard. They are intended to only comply with the criteria and processes set out in the relevant framework 
available on the Issuer’s website at the time of any issuance of green, social or sustainability Notes (www.vinci-
autoroutes.com). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the impact that the European Green Bond Standard could 
have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not meet such standard is not 
clear, but it could result in a reduced demand from investors for the green, social and sustainability Notes, as well 
as a decrease in their market value or their liquidity. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
social impact markets, there is a risk that the eligible green projects, eligible social projects, or eligible 
sustainability projects will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. While it is the intention of the Issuer 
to apply the proceeds of the green, social or sustainability Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in 
the relevant Final Terms, the related projects may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or 
partially disbursed for the such mentioned projects, and such projects may not be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose. 
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any green, social or sustainability Notes and in particular with any project to fulfil 
any environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. Currently, other than in 
the context of the European Green Bond Standard, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Notes and/or withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of the green, social or sustainability 
Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and 
interest (as the case may be) on the green, social or sustainability Notes shall not depend on the performance of 
the relevant project. 
2.3. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
2.3.1. 
Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the credit rating and a number 
of additional factors, including the value of the reference assets or an index, including, but not limited to, the 
volatility of the reference assets or an index, or the dividend on the securities taken up in the index, market interest 
and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term 
debt of the Issuer is rated A- (stable) by S&P and A3 (stable) by Moody's. However, if the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders and as a result (i)  the Issuer 
may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes 
may decrease, in particular in the event of a credit rating downgrade, and (iii) Noteholders may lose all or part of 
their investment. 
The value of the Notes, the reference assets or the index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes, the reference assets, the securities taken up in the index, or 
the index are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser and result 
in losing part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
2.3.2. 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer.  
Although in relation to Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the CSSF in 
Luxembourg and/or with the competent authority of the Regulated Market of the EEA where the Notes will be 
admitted to trading, which, in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such filings may 
not be accepted, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted or an active trading market may not 
develop. Accordingly, there may be no development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche 
of Notes. The absence of liquidity may have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. 
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have 
a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their anticipated 
yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders could lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.3.3. 
Currency Risk 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay principal and interest 
on the Notes in the Specified Currency, as specified in the Final Terms. An investment in the Notes may involve 
exchange rate risks. The reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency 
of the purchaser’s home jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency 
other than the currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies are 
determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency markets which are influenced by macro 
economic factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention (including the imposition of currency 
controls and restrictions). Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in 
the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Fluctuations in exchange rates may 
affect the value of the Notes or the reference assets. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested 
from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.  
For instance, Condition 5(g) (Dual Currency Notes) allows for Dual Currency Notes to be issued. The Issuer may 
issue Notes with interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. 
An investment in Dual Currency Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with similar investments in 
a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks include, among other things, that: 
 
● the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
● payment of interest may occur in a different currency than expected; and 
● the investors may be exposed to movements in currency exchange rates. 
If one or more of the abovementioned risks materialises, investors could lose all or part of their investment in the 
Notes and the Notes may become illiquid.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
WS0101.38016504.1 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Independent Review and Advice  
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial 
needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions 
applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent 
in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection with 
its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Credit ratings of the Issuer 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The credit ratings of the Issuer 
are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. In addition, the credit rating agencies may change their methodologies for rating securities 
with features similar to the Notes in the future. This may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s 
senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the Notes, sometimes called "notching". The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union, and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and 
registered UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the ESMA's website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As of the date of the Base Prospectus, S&P and 
Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or their respective affiliates may deal with and engage generally in any kind of 
commercial or investment banking or other business with any issuer of the securities taken up in an index, their 
respective affiliates or any guarantor or any other person or entities having obligations relating to any issuer of the 
securities taken up in an index or their respective affiliates or any guarantor in the same manner as if any index-linked 
Notes issued under the Programme did not exist, regardless of whether any such action might have an adverse effect on 
an issuer of the securities taken up in the index, any of their respective affiliates or any guarantor. However, none of the 
Issuer, or any legal entity belonging to the Group, provides, nor contributes to any index which would constitute an 
underlying to any index-linked notes issued under the Programme. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives. Potential conflicts 
of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders (including where 
a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that 
such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon 
redemption of the Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" includes also 
parent companies. 
Green, social or sustainability Notes  
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the green, social or sustainability Notes to fulfil 
environmental criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the green, social or sustainability Notes meet the 
eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website or any third-
party opinion, none of which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred 
or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual 
taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold U.S. tax on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Under proposed U.S. Treasury 
Regulations, however, such withholding on foreign passthru payments will not apply to payments made before the date 
that is two years after the date on which applicable final regulations that define foreign passthru payments are published. 
Further, obligations, such as the Notes, issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which applicable 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed generally would be “grandfathered” unless they are 
characterised as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes or they are materially modified after such date. As of the 
date hereof, no such regulations have been issued. A number of jurisdictions (including France) have entered into 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Foreign financial institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an IGA are 
generally not expected to be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing a IGA) from 
payments that they make. 
While the Notes are held within Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, in all but the most remote circumstances, 
it is not expected that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by such clearing system. However, 
FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the 
ultimate Noteholder if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate Noteholder that is a financial institution that is not entitled to 
receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate Noteholder that fails to provide its broker (or other 
custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or 
consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Noteholders should choose 
the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related 
to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents 
that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application remains uncertain at this time. Noteholders should consult their own 
tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no additional amounts will be payable 
to compensate for the withheld amount.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated in by reference, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the free English language translation of the Issuer's Annual financial report 2023 which includes the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
together with the explanatory notes and the free English language translation of auditors' reports with respect 
thereto (the 2023 Financial Report) (https://corporate.vinci-autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2024-
02/ASF_RFA2023_EN_VMEL%20v2.pdf);  
(b) 
the free English language translation of the Issuer's Annual financial report 2022 which includes the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
together with the explanatory notes and the free English language translation of auditors' reports with respect 
thereto (the 2022 Financial Report) (https://corporate.vinci-autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2023-
02/ASF_ASF2022_RFA_EN_VMEL.pdf);  
(c) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme  
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2012, as supplemented by the second supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated 20 November 2012 (the 2012 EMTN Conditions) : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/2012_base_prospectus.pdf and https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/121120_emtn_june12_supp2.pdf,  
(ii) 
Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2013 (the 2013 EMTN Conditions) : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/130605_emtn_baseprospectus.pdf,  
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2015 (the 2015 EMTN Conditions) : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/150616_asf_base_prospectus.pdf,  
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2016 (the 2016 EMTN Conditions) : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-02/160624_asf_emtn_base_prospectus.pdf,  
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2017 (the 2017 EMTN Conditions) : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2017-
07/ASF_Base%20Prospectus%20dated%205%20July%202017_1.pdf,  
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2018 (the 2018 EMTN Conditions : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2018-07/ASF%20EMTN%202018%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2029%20June%2018_0.pdf,  
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2022 (the 2022 EMTN Conditions : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2022-07/ASF%20-%20EMTN%202022%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20-%20v%20finale_0.PDF,  
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023 (the 2023 EMTN Conditions : https://corporate.vinci-
autoroutes.com/sites/default/files/2023-07/ASF_EMTN-2023_Base-Prospectus.PDF and together 
with the 2012 EMTN Conditions, the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditons, the 2016 
EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions and the 2022 
Conditions, the EMTN Previous Conditions) 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office of 
the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent and will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com). French language versions 
of the 2023 Financial Report and the 2022 Financial Report are available on the website of the Issuer. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Such information is either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including for the avoidance of doubt any information on the websites which 
appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the 2022 Financial Report and the 2023 Financial Report  
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex 7 of the EU Delegated Regulation 2019/980) 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Reference Document 
11.1 English language translation of the Audited Historical 
Financial Information 
2023 Financial 
Report 
(page) 
2022 Financial 
Report 
(page) 
Consolidated balance sheet 
14-15 
14-15 
Consolidated income statement 
12 
12 
Consolidated comprehensive income statement 
13 
13 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
16 
16 
Consolidated statement of changes in consolidated equity 
17 
17 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
18-57 
18-58 
Free English language translation of the report of the statutory 
Auditors 
58-61 
59-62 
11.1.5 Financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both own and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document. 
11-57 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
12-58  
"Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
 
11.2.1. A statement that the historical financial information has 
been audited.  
59 
60 
 
 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the EMTN Previous Conditions  
 
2012 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 26 to 54 of the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2012 and 
pages 3 to 4 of the second supplement dated 20 November 
2012

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 26 to 61 of the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2013 
 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 26 to 62 of the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2015 
 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 25 to 61 of the Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2016 
 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 26 to 62 of the Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2017 
 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 28 to 65 of the Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2018 
 
2022 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 35 to 95 of the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2022 
2023 EMTN Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 36 to 96 of the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Autoroutes du Sud de la France  
1973 boulevard de la Défense 
92000 Nanterre  
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Frédéric Vautier, Directeur Financier de Vinci Autoroutes

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time, between the date on which the Base Prospectus has been approved and 18 July 2025, the Issuer shall be 
required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will prepare 
and make available, on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com) and (b) the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com), an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which 
in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and shall supply each Dealer with such number 
of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes (including the section “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”), the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes, and shall supply each Dealer with such number of 
copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 18 July 2025. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the Conditions) that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which is 
being admitted to a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any 
information in this Base Prospectus. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the Conditions will not be endorsed 
on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these Conditions as so 
completed or supplemented, shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Autoroutes du Sud de la France (the Issuer) in series (each a Series) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest, issue date, issue 
price and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final 
Terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 18 July 2024 entered into 
between the Issuer and BNP Paribas as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation 
Agent and Calculation Agent (the Agency Agreement). The fiscal agent, the paying agent, the redenomination agent, 
the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent(s). References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires 
otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area (EEA) as defined in MiFID II and as listed on the website of European Securities and Markets 
Authority (https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised 
form (Materialised Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. 
and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier)) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear 
France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or 
in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed 
in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained 
by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary the 
following identification information of the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur): the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and 
mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by 
each of them and any restrictions applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any intermediary institution 
entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream). 
 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only (Materialised Bearer Notes). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (each, a Coupon) and, where 
appropriate, a talon (a Talon) attached save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons 
and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
 
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), securities (such as the Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French 
territory. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Materialised Bearer Notes will be represented 
initially upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates and will be accepted for clearance 
through Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant clearing system. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Formula 
Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing. 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under 
the Programme will be paid in cash. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the Specified Denomination(s)) save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes 
shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer 
of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes), 
shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes or holder of any Note, or Noteholder means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled 
to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons (Receiptholder and Couponholder 
being construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 
thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and on or after the 
date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (the EC), as amended from time to time (the Treaty)), or events have occurred 
which have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not 
some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and 
the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these 
Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on 
the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without the consent of the holder 
of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to this Condition or 
Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day 
definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect 
of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the 
interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to 
or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected 
in connection therewith. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made 
in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may be either unsubordinated (Unsubordinated Notes) or subordinated 
(Subordinated Notes). 
(a) 
Status of Unsubordinated Notes 
The Unsubordinated Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, 
general, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French 
law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
Subordination 
Subordinated Notes (which term shall include both Subordinated Notes with a specified 
maturity date (Dated Subordinated Notes) and Subordinated Notes without a specified 
maturity date (Undated Subordinated Notes)) are unsecured subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari 
passu with any other unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to any 
prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer. If any judgement is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de l’entreprise) or the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other 
reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Subordinated Notes shall be subordinated to the 
payment in full of unsubordinated creditors and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of 
Subordinated Notes shall be paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer. In 
the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes will be terminated. The holders of Subordinated Notes 
shall take all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or 
voluntary liquidation. 
(ii) 
Dated Subordinated Notes 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 3(b)(i) shall also apply to the Coupons 
relating to Dated Subordinated Notes, payments of interest relating to Dated Subordinated 
Notes constitute obligations which rank equally with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(a). 
(iii) 
Undated Subordinated Notes 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 3(b)(i) shall also apply to the Coupons 
relating to Undated Subordinated Notes, payments of interest relating to Undated Subordinated 
Notes constitute obligations which rank equally with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(a) and may be 
deferred in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Deferral of Interest). 
The use of the proceeds of issues of Undated Subordinated Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
4. 
Negative Pledge  
So long as any of the Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain 
outstanding, the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
(sûreté réelle) upon the whole or any part of its assets, present or future, to secure any present or future Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below) incurred or guaranteed by it (whether before or after the issue of the Unsubordinated 
Notes) unless the Issuer’s obligations under the Unsubordinated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are equally and rateably 
secured therewith. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Limited-recourse Borrowings means any indebtedness for borrowed money, in the form of, or represented by, bonds 
or notes (Indebtedness) incurred by the Issuer to finance the ownership, acquisition, development, operation and/or 
maintenance of an asset or project in respect of which the person (or persons) to whom any such Indebtedness is or may 
be owed by the Issuer has (or have) no recourse to the Issuer for the repayment thereof other than: 
(a) 
recourse to the Issuer for amounts not exceeding an amount equal to the cash flow from, or the value 
of, such asset or project; and/or 
(b) 
recourse to the Issuer for the purpose of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such 
Indebtedness in an enforcement of any security interest given by the Issuer over such asset or rights 
under, or in respect of, such project (or the income, cash flow or other proceeds deriving therefrom) 
to secure such Indebtedness; and/or 
(c) 
recourse to the Issuer under any form of assurance, undertaking or support, which is limited to a 
claim for damages for breach of an obligation (not being a payment obligation or an indemnity in 
respect thereof, which, for the avoidance of doubt, would fall to be considered under sub-paragraph 
(i) above) by the Issuer. 
outstanding means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and 
the redemption monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest 
payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered 
registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7 (a), (ii) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7 (a) 
and (iii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain 
available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons and/or Receipts, as the 
case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which 
have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes (i) 
those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have 
been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) 
any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
Relevant Indebtedness means any indebtedness for borrowed money, represented by bonds or notes (obligations) 
which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily traded in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter-market or other securities market, and which does not constitute Limited-recourse 
Borrowings. 
This Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) shall not apply to Subordinated Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a T2 Business Day and/or; 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency and/or; 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres 
so specified. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual-ISDA, Act/Act or Act/Act-ISDA is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual-ICMA or Act/Act-ICMA is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year, 
in each case where: 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and  
Determination Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365 F is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iv) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[(360 x Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30 
 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[(360 x Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
 
(vii) 
if 30E/360-ISDA is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[(360 x Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
360
1
360
1
360
1

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of 
the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted 
or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Issue Date means, in respect of any Notes, the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is specified (or determined on this basis of the information that is specified) in the relevant Final 
Terms and calculated on the basis of the Conditions. 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall be the Euro-zone). 
Reference Rate means the reference rates set out in the relevant Final Terms among EURIBOR, CMS 
Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, TONA and SARON (or, in the event of the disappearance of 
the relevant rate, any reference rate which is substituted for or is the successor of the relevant reference 
rate).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the relevant Reference Rate is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the 
Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
Relevant Rate means the Reference Rate for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for 
a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Reference Rate) equal to the Specified Duration 
commencing on the Effective Date. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Bloomberg, Reuters Markets 3000 (Reuters) and 
Telerate) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant 
Rate. 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Specified Currency in the inter-bank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for 
this purpose local time means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, 11.00 a.m., Brussels time. 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
T2 Business Day means a day on which the T2 System is operating. 
T2 System means the Eurosystem's real-time gross settlement system (known as T2) which utilises a 
single shared platform or any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to an Interest 
Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes:  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note, Inverse Floating Rate Note and Inflation 
Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant 
Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination shall apply. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be, subject as provided below 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with the following (and in the following order): 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Relevant Screen 
Page is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity) 
or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant 
Rates appear on that Relevant Screen Page, 
in each case appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date, as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-
paragraph (a)(i) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant 
Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
(c) 
 
(i) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and, if the Relevant Rate is an inter-bank 
offered rate, the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in 
respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least 
two out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if 
the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the 
Calculation Agent (the Principal Financial Centre) are quoting at or about 
the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a 
period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying 
on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to 
leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; 
except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date 
(after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate 
Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period); and 
(ii) 
 if paragraph (b) above applies and, in the case of a Relevant Rate other 
than an inter-bank offered rate, for any reason, the Relevant Rate is no 
longer published or if fewer than two quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, the Relevant 
Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner.  
(d) 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the Final Terms (the "SONIA Rate of Interest Determination"), in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Lookback 
Compound (non Index Determination), SONIA Shift Compound (non Index 
Determination), or SONIA Compound (Index Determination) as follows: 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
if SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be SONIA-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(d):

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the Reference Rate for 
the calculation of interest is the SONIA) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking 
Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or if no such period is specified, five (5) London Banking 
Days; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
"i". 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the Reference Rate for 
the calculation of interest is the SONIA) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
is equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
"SONIA-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a compounded average 
interest investment (it being understood that the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest is the SONIA) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the Final Terms) on each Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
on the day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
on the day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual 
Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIA Compounded Index" in relation to any London Banking Day shall be 
the SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors. In the event 
that the SONIA Compounded Index value originally published by the 
administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on any London 
Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected value is published by 
the administrator of SONIA on the original date of publication, then such 
corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall be 
deemed the SONIA Compounded Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen Page on 
any Sonia Compounded Index determination date, the “SONIA-COMPOUND” 
shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period in accordance with “SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term 
“Observation Shift Days” shall mean the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day "i-pLBD" or "i", as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines that the SONIA is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate (the "SONIA Replacement Rate"); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, if more recent, the 
latest rate determined under (1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the 
SONIA is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(e) 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SOFR rate of interest determination, as 
specified in the Final Terms (the "SOFR Rate of Interest Determination"), in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean, SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift 
Compound or SOFR Index Average, as follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus 
or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), 
where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for 
the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded); 
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(z) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(xx) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(yy) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate if Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on 
or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e), including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent, no SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) and the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement will be the SOFR determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
U.S. Govermnent Securities Business Day immediately preceding the 
Benchmark Replacement Date. 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day following 
each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that the SOFR 
with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR with respect to 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days before 
each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such period is specified, 
five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i". 
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in 
the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i". 
"USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (a "SOFR 
Index Determination Date"). 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual 
Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR IndexStart 
to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant 
SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the "USD-SOFR-
INDEX-AVERAGE" shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date 
with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with "USD-SOFR-

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
SHIFT-COMPOUND" and the term "Observation Shift Days" shall mean two 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
provisions set forth in the definition of "SOFR" below shall apply. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e): 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in 
paragraph (i) above, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"SOFR Index" means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or 
such successor administrator’s) Website. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (iii) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by 
the Issuer decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer determine that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer determine is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"New York Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
"New York Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the New York 
Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the New York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USGSBD" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the €STR as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the 
€STR for such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the 
last T2 Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after 
that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term until the maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each T2 Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest 
published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB 
Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date shall be determined as if references were references to the latest 
published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(f): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
€STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which 
the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
€STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; 
or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurred; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in 
case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt 
time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately following 
such T2 Business Day; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 
Business Days prior to the relevant T2 Business Day "i"; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the 
Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
"ni" for any T2 Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following T2 Business in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Period" means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall 
begin on and include the date falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" T2 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period 
(or the date falling "p" T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(g) 
When CORRA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the CORRA as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(g): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
do is the number of Toronto, Ontario Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Toronto, Ontario Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Toronto, Ontario Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
ni means, for any Toronto, Ontario Banking Days i, the number of calendar days 
from and including such Toronto, Ontario Banking Day "i" up to but excluding 
the following Toronto, Ontario Banking Day (i+1); and 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Toronto, 
Ontario Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Toronto, Ontario Banking Day or TOBD means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada; 
CORRA, in respect of any Toronto, Ontario Banking Day, is equal to the daily 
Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average rate in respect of such Toronto, Ontario 
Banking Day as published by the Bank of Canada on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, on the Toronto, Ontario Banking Day immediately 
following such Toronto, Ontario Banking Day. 
CORRAi-pTOBD, means for any Toronto, Ontario Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the CORRA in respect of the Toronto, Ontario 
Banking Day falling "p" Toronto, Ontario Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Toronto, Ontario Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of that Toronto, Ontario Banking Day falling "p" Toronto, Ontario 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Toronto, Ontario Banking Day "i", the 
Calculation Agent determines that the CORRA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such CORRA shall be the CORRA in respect of the first preceding 
Toronto, Ontario Banking Day on which the CORRA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to CORRA, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 𝑋𝑋 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual 
Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this provision, including any determination with respect to a 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will 
be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(h) 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the TONA as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(h): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" means, for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from 
and including such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following 
Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" or "TBD" means any day on which commercial banks

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
"TONA", in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is equal to the daily Tokyo 
OverNight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as published by 
the Bank of Japan on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
"TONAi-pTBD", means for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling 
"p" Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day falling "p" Tokyo Banking Days prior 
to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day "i", the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) determines that the TONA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding 
Tokyo Banking Day on which the TONA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in 
relation to TONA, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such 
date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(i) 
When SARON is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SARON as the Reference Rate for the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
calculation of interest), plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(i): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such Zurich Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the Administrator of 
SARON on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such Zurich 
banking Day; 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
is equal to SARON in respect of that day "i". 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the "SARON 
Screen Page") at the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and a 
SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date 
have not both occurred on or prior to the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal 
to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Administrator Website for the first preceding Zurich Banking Day 
on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
a. 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON 
shall be the rate equal to the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
b. 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one 
Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
SARON shall be the rate equal to the policy rate of the Swiss National

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving 
effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the "SARON Replacement 
Rate") will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
a. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause a. of the definition thereof, the date on which the 
SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
b. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause b.(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date 
of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified in such 
statement or publication as the date on which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight will no longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof has 
occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in subclauses (i) and 
(ii) of this clause b., the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight may no longer be used; and 
c. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
a. 
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
b. 
public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a certain 
date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the case 
of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed 
income securities and derivatives; 
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
a. 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to 
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the Reference Rate for 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
b. 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, 
formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, to be applied to 
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities 
with respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
has replaced the SARON as the Reference Rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any 
working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to 
reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or 
committee, the "SARON Recommending Body"); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor 
thereto; and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into 
account the historical median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and 
the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the 
SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred). 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Relevant Screen Page" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the Relevant Rate, 
one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which 
rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which 
rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not 
apply to Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON.  
(a) 
Independent Adviser  
 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)).  
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in 
the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B).  
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser determines, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that:  
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)); or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)).  
(c) 
Adjustment Spread  
If the Independent Adviser determines, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and the Independent Adviser 
determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the relevant terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted 
the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and such 
related changes and adjustments pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
(e) 
Notices, etc.  
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, or such other party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), 
the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and the Noteholders and, where 
applicable, Couponholders and Receiptholders. 
(f) 
Fallbacks  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the 
purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination 
Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A) will continue to apply to such determination, provided that such 
fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to the application of the Rate of 
Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), on 
one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, 
any 
associated 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and/or 
Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), 
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A), will continue to apply).  
(g) 
Definitions  
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or  
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
Alternative Rate means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.  
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:  
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it is no longer representative, or will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market it purports to 
measure as of a certain date, and that such representativeness will not 
be restored; 
(c) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (c)(i) on which the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely;  
(d) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (e)(i) on which the Original Reference 
Rate will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six (6) months;  
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/2011, as amended (the Benchmarks 
Regulation), if applicable);  
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original Reference 
Rate has been adopted; or 
(i) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the methodology for 
calculating the Original Reference Rate (i) has changed materially, or 
(ii) will change materially.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(a) (which may be one of the Dealers, involved in the 
issue of the Notes and/or the Calculation Agent).  
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.  
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable):  
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof.  
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates 
are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser 
shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inverse Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal to the Fixed Rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms minus the Floating Rate, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Fixed Rate or Floating Rate, as applicable, and the respective amounts of interest

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
payable shall be determined in accordance with the provisions applying to Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes, as applicable. 
(v) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes applicable to each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according to the method 
indicated below. 
(A) 
Consumer Price Index  
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the "Institut National de la Statistique et des 
Etudes Economiques" (the INSEE) (the CPI) is specified as the Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the CPI 
Linked Interest) applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an Interest 
Determination Date) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(A), the Inflation Index Ratio or IIR 
is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the 
case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Base Reference). Notwithstanding Condition 5(i)(iii), 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index means (i) in relation to the first day of 
any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (ii) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
Erreur ! 
Signet 
non 
défini.
 
With: 
NDM: actual number of days in the relevant month M; 
D: actual day of payment in the relevant month M; 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2: price index of month M - 2; 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded 
up) 
(
)
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
2
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
x
M
ND
1
D
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
−
−
−
−
+
−

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR<GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt 
in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, 
such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the 
French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur 
l'inflation. 
CPI Monthly Reference Index refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
The calculation method described in this Condition is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire - www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper 
entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres instruments de taux 
d'intérêts en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux - Chapitre II: Les 
obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In the case of any conflict between this 
calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
(b) 
 
(i) If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
"indice de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day following 
its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M – 1  ×  
 
(ii) In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index at any time 
while any of the Notes are still outstanding, then for the purpose of 
calculating the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes, the value 
of the CPI Monthly Reference Index following such change in base shall be 
determined in accordance with the methodology published by INSEE. In the 
event that no such methodology is published, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such calculation as it, in its reasonable discretion, deems 
appropriate to determine the relevant CPI Monthly Reference Index. 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices 
12
1
13
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
 
1
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
 







--- Page 72 ---
72 
Where the harmonised index of consumer price (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by 
Eurostat (the HICP) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the HICP 
Linked Interest) applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an Interest
Determination Date) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index
Ratio.
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(B), the Inflation Index Ratio or IIR
is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the
case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the
relevant Final Terms (the Base Reference). Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv),
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being
rounded up).
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index means (i) in relation to the first day of
any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month
preceding such month, and (ii) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day)
in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference
Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3)
and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance
with the following formula:
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index =
Where: 
NDM: actual number of days in the relevant month M; 
D: actual day of payment in the relevant month M; 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2: price index of month M - 2; 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears 
on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website 
www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
HICP Monthly Reference Index refers to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be 
adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. The first publication 
or announcement of a level of such index for a given month shall be final and 
(
)
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
2
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
x
M
ND
1
D
−
−
−
−
+
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−3

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for such month will not be used in any 
calculations.  
 
(b) 
 
(i) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply 
from the day following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM= 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1  ×  
 
(ii) In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index at any time 
while any of the Notes are still outstanding, then for the purpose of 
calculating the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes, the value 
of the HICP Monthly Reference Index following such change in base shall 
be determined in accordance with the methodology published by Eurostat. 
In the event that no such methodology is published, then the Calculation 
Agent shall make such calculation as it, in its reasonable discretion, deems 
appropriate to determine the relevant HICP Monthly Reference Index.  
(C) 
U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI)  
(a) 
Where RPI (as defined below) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition 5(c)(v)(C) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have 
the meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(v)(C) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the RPI (the 
RPI Linked Interest) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
Base Index Figure means (subject to Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)) the base index 
figure as specified in the relevant Final terms; 
Index or Index Figure means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b), 
the U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI) (for all items) published by the Office for 
National Statistics (January 1987 = 100) or any comparable index which may 
replace the U.K. Retail Price Index for the purpose of calculating the amount 
payable on repayment of the Reference Gilt (the RPI). Any reference to the 
Index Figure which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as: 
(i) applicable to a particular month, shall, subject as provided in Conditions 
5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be construed as a reference to the Index 
12
1
13
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
 
1
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
 









--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Figure published in the seventh month prior to that particular month and 
relating to the month before that of publication; or 
(ii) applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided 
in Conditions 5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be construed as a reference 
to the Index Figure published in the second month prior to that particular 
month and relating to the month before that of publication; or 
(iii) applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be calculated by linear 
interpolation between (x) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month in which the day falls, calculated as specified in sub-
paragraph (ii) above and (y) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar 
day of the month following, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place. 
Inflation Index Ratio applicable to any month or date, as the case may be, 
means the Index Figure applicable to such month or date, as the case may be, 
divided by the Base Index Figure and, notwithstanding Condition 5(j), rounded 
to the nearest fifth decimal place; 
Limited Index Ratio means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may 
be, prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Inflation Index Ratio for that month or 
date, as the case may be, (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Date after the 
relevant Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month 
or date, as the case may be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated 
in respect of the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto; 
and (c) in respect of any other month, the Limited Index Ratio as previously 
calculated in respect of the most recent Limited Indexation Month; 
Limited Indexation Date means any date falling during the period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be 
calculated; 
Limited Indexation Factor means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or 
Limited Indexation Date, as the case may be, the ratio of the Index Figure 
applicable to that month or date, as the case may be, divided by the index Figure 
applicable to the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto, 
provided that (a) if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such 
Maximum Indexation Factor and (b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum 
Indexation Factor specified in the relevant Final terms, it shall be deemed to be 
equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
Limited Indexation Month means any month specified in the relevant Final 
terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
Limited Index Linked Instruments means Inflation Linked Notes to which a 
Maximum Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) applies; and 
Reference Gilt means the Treasury Stock specified as such in the relevant Final 
terms for so long as such stock is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-
linked Treasury Stock determined to be appropriate by a gilt-edged market 
maker or other adviser selected by the Issuer (an Indexation Advisor). 
The RPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio or 
Limited Index Ratio in the case of Limited Index Linked Instruments applicable 
to the month or date, as the case may be, on which such payment falls to be 
made.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(b) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed 
by the substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect from the month 
from and including that in which such substitution takes effect or the first 
date from and including that on which such substitution takes effect, as the 
case may be, (1) the definition of Index and Index Figure in Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(a) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or month in 
substitution for January 1987 (or, as the case may be, to such other date or 
month as may have been substituted therefor), and (2) the new Base Index 
Figure shall be the product of the existing Base Index Figure and the Index 
Figure for the date on which such substitution takes effect, divided by the 
Index Figure for the date immediately preceding the date on which such 
substitution takes effect. 
(ii) Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of Index 
Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure which is normally published in the 
seventh month and which relates to the eighth month (the relevant month) 
before the month in which a payment is due to be made is not published on 
or before the fourteenth business day before the date on which such payment 
is due (the date for payment), the Index Figure applicable to the month in 
which the date for payment falls shall be (1) such substitute index figure (if 
any) as the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) considers 
to have been published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office 
for the Bank of England, as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation 
of payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one 
or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation 
Advisor (and approved by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the 
Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no such determination is made by such 
Indexation Advisor within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, 
if later, the substitute index figure last determined pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b)(i)) before the date for payment). 
(iii) Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (ii) and/or (iii) of the 
definition of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure relating to any 
month (the calculation month) which is required to be taken into account 
for the purposes of the determination of the Index Figure for any date is not 
published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date on which 
such payment is due (the date for payment), the Index Figure applicable 
for the relevant calculation month shall be (1) such substitute index figure 
(if any) as the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) 
considers to have been published by the United Kingdom Debt Management 
Office or the Bank of England, as the case may be, for the purposes of 
indexation of payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, 
on any one or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by the 
Indexation Advisor (and approved by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice 
of the Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no such determination is made by such 
Indexation Advisor within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, 
if later, the substitute index figure last determined pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b)(i)) before the date for payment). 
(c) 
Application of Changes 
Where the provisions of Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii) or (iii) apply, the 
determination of the Indexation Advisor as to the Index Figure applicable to the 
month in which the date for payment falls or the date for payment, as the case 
may be, shall be conclusive and binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(iii)(2), the 
Index Figure relating to the relevant month or relevant calculation month, as the 
case may be, is subsequently published while any Inflation Linked Notes are still 
outstanding, then:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(i) in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Inflation 
Linked Notes other than upon final redemption of such Inflation Linked 
Notes, the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable after the 
date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced, as the 
case may be, by an amount equal to the shortfall or excess, as the case may 
be, of the amount of the relevant payment made on the basis of the Index 
Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii) or Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b)(iii)(2) below or above the amount of the relevant payment that 
would have been due if the Index Figure subsequently published had been 
published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date for 
payment; and 
(ii) in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no 
subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(d) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index 
(i) If (1) the Issuer has been notified by the Calculation Agent that the Index 
has ceased to be published or (2) any change is made to the coverage or the 
basic calculation of the Index which constitutes a fundamental change 
which would, in the reasonable opinion of the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Issuer, or the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, the Indexation 
Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) shall make for the purpose of 
the Inflation Linked Notes one or more adjustments to the Index or a 
substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the intention that the 
same should leave the Issuer and the Noteholders in no better and no worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be published 
or the relevant fundamental change not been made. 
(ii) The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as determined 
by the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), and 
references in these Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure shall be 
deemed amended in such manner as the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) deem are appropriate to give effect to such 
adjustment or replacement. Such amendments shall be effective from the 
date of such notification and binding upon the Issuer and the Noteholders, 
and the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of such amendments as promptly as practicable 
following such notification. 
(d) 
Formula Rate Notes: Formula Rate Notes are Notes for which a Formula Rate (as specified in the 
Final Terms) applies. A Formula Rate may consist of adding, substracting, multiplying or dividing 
two Floating Rates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis 
(the Change of Interest Basis) is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Switch Date) from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate. The Issuer election to change the interest basis (the Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis) will be deemed effective upon receipt of a valid notification sent by the Issuer, 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), to the relevant Noteholders within the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
the single Noteholder, if all the Notes are held by a single Noteholder, or, in the case of 
more than one Noteholder, the Representative (as defined in Condition 11, acting on 
behalf of all the Noteholders following a Collective Decision (as defined in Condition 
11(a) (Representation of Noteholders – Legal Personality)), may elect to convert the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Rate of Interest of all (but not some only) of the Notes from the Floating Rate of Interest 
to the Fixed Rate (as defined below) for each subsequent Interest Period (the 
Conversion Option), by notice to the Issuer and to the Fiscal Agent within the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The exercise of the Conversion Option is 
irrevocable; or 
(iii) 
the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis) on the date set out in the Final Terms (the Automatic Switch Date).  
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal 
of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(f)(i)). 
(g) 
Dual Currency Notes: The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes with interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. In such a case, the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant currency(ies) in which 
interest is/are payable and the applicable Rate(s) of Exchange. 
(h) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)). 
(i) 
Deferral of interest: If deferral of interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of 
Undated Subordinated Notes, interest shall be payable on each Compulsory Interest Payment Date (as 
defined below) in respect of the interest accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day immediately 
preceding such date. On any Optional Interest Payment Date (as defined below) there may be paid (if 
the Issuer so elects) the interest accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day immediately preceding 
such date but the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment. Notice of any Optional 
Interest Payment Date shall (for so long as the rules of, or applicable to, any Regulated Market so 
require) be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and to the relevant 
Regulated Market. Such notice shall be given at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the relevant 
Optional Interest Payment Date(s). Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Payment Date shall, 
so long as the same remains unpaid, constitute Arrears of Interest which term shall include interest 
on such unpaid interest as referred to below. Arrears of Interest may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
paid in whole or in part at any time upon the expiration of not less than seven (7) calendar days’ notice 
to such effect given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) but all Arrears of 
Interest on all Undated Subordinated Notes outstanding shall become due in full on whichever is the 
earliest of: 
(i) 
the next Interest Payment Date if such Interest Payment Date is a Compulsory Interest Payment 
Date or,  
(ii) 
the date on which any Undated Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed partially or in full 
(otherwise than at the option of the Noteholders) in accordance with their terms and conditions 
or, 
(iii) 
(a) a judgement rendered by any competent court declaring the transfer of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l’entreprise) or the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of 
the Issuer or (b) the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason. 
If notice is given by the Issuer of its intention to pay the whole or part of Arrears of Interest, the Issuer 
shall be obliged to do so upon the expiration of such notice. When Arrears of Interest are paid in part, 
each such payment shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the full amount of the Arrears of 
Interest accrued in respect of the earliest Interest Period in respect of which Arrears of Interest have 
accrued and have not been paid in full. Arrears of Interest shall (to the extent permitted by law) bear

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
interest accruing (but only, in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Civil Code (Code civil), 
after such interest has been due for a period of at least one year) and compounding on the basis of the 
exact number of days which have elapsed at the prevailing rate of interest on the Undated 
Subordinated Notes in respect of each relevant Interest Period. For these purposes the following 
expressions have the following meanings: 
Compulsory Interest Payment Date means any Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer has (i) 
declared or paid any dividend (final or interim) of any nature (whether in cash, shares or any other 
form and including, any interim dividend (acompte sur dividende) on any Share Capital Securities, 
(ii) redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Share Capital Securities by any means other 
than in connection with the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under any existing or future 
benefit plan, share option plan or free share allocation scheme reserved for directors, officers or 
employees of the Issuer or (iii) at its election, redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Parity 
Securities (other than Notes). 
Optional Interest Payment Date means any Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, other than a 
Compulsory Interest Payment Date. 
Parity Securities means any subordinated obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves and with the Subordinated Notes. 
Share Capital Securities means (a) any ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any 
other class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence, including 
actions à dividendes prioritaires sans droit de vote), or other priority shares (actions de priorité)) 
issued by the Issuer. 
(j) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts, Rate Multipliers and/or Exponent and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin and/or Rate Multiplier and/or Exponent is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin 
or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier or applying such Exponent, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be. 
(iii) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. For the avoidance of doubt, 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(k) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two 
or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, or Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain 
such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, or Early 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, 
such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there 
shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required by the Conditions) 
with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made 
for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge)). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling 
to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an 
office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation 
Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that 
Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended in accordance with the paragraph below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on 
the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided in these Conditions, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within 
Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
If an extended maturity date (the Extended Maturity Date) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to 
that effect in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).to the Noteholders, not pay whole or part of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such payment 
of an unpaid amount will be deferred and may be paid in whole or in part by the Issuer on any Specified 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, but shall

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
in any event be due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. Interest from the Maturity Date and 
up to the Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, will accrue on any 
unpaid amount during such extended period and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date 
and on the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and 
cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or the relevant 
Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is extended in 
accordance with the paragraph below, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the 
related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
If an extended instalment date (the Extended Instalment Date) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice to that effect to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), not pay whole or 
part of the Instalment Amount on the Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such 
payment of an unpaid amount will be deferred and may be paid in whole or in part by the Issuer on 
any Specified Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Instalment 
Date, but shall in any event be due and payable on the Extended Instalment Date. Interest on the 
Instalment Amount from the Instalment Date and up to the Extended Instalment Date will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will accrue on any unpaid amount on such Instalment Amount during 
such extended period and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended 
Instalment Date in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(c) 
Final Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
Where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount =  IIR × nominal amount of the Notes 
IIR being for the purpose of this Condition 6(c) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before 
the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the case may be, (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)) × outstanding nominal amount of the Notes. 
(iii) 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out in Conditions 6(c)(i) and 6(c)(ii) above 
is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
(i) 
Call Option

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders, redeem in relation to all, or, if so provided, some, 
of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as set out in Condition 6(f)) together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), if any. Any 
such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum 
nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not 
less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period 
starting on (and including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(iii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to the 
satisfaction of any refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject and compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor 
more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall (i) specify the date fixed for redemption, (ii) specify the 
refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) and (iii) be otherwise 
irrevocable), redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to 
their Maturity Date (the Make-whole Redemption Date). Any such redemption of Notes shall 
be made at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
Make-whole Redemption Amount means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
any other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
of the Notes so redeemed or (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes up to and including the Maturity Date or, if 
the Residual Maturity Call Option is applicable, the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date 
(excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis 
at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in each 
case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date.  
Make-whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Make-whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central 
European Time (CET)) (Reference Dealer Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or any 
other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) which are primary European government security dealers, and their

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks 
or method of selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Reference Screen Rate means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business 
Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent 
(or any other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices).  
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining 
term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.  
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices).  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for 
calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(iv) 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of 
such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may 
be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are listed and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such 
Stock Exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or (ii) in a leading newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, which in the case of 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption 
but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If an Investor 
Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the 
Issuer redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount (as 
set out in Condition 6(f)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption including, 
where applicable, any Arrears of Interest.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office 
during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form 
obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case 
may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, have 
attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise 
Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) or 6(m), or the Optional 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) in respect of such Notes, 
as the case may be, shall be the amortised nominal amount (the Amortised 
Nominal Amount) (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), or the Optional Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) in respect of such Notes, is not paid when due, 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue 
to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(g). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) shall apply in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) or 6(m), or the Optional Redemption 
Amount pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) in respect of such Notes, as the case 
may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible 
for calculating the Early Redemption Amount and/or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the following basis:  
 
(i) 
Where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms: 
Early Redemption Amount =  IIR × nominal amount of the Notes

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Or, as the case may be: 
Optional Redemption Amount =  IIR × nominal amount of the Notes 
IIR being for the purpose of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified 
as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or (ii) if HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Early Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as 
the case may be, (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)) × outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, 
the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies) fall to 
be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the 
Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued 
interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible 
for calculating the Early Redemption Amount and/or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in respect of the period from, and 
including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of 
such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) 
above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall 
be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(g) or 6(j) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events 
of Default) or 6(m) shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears 
of Interest). 
(B) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(d)(i) or 6(e) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Optional Redemption Amount = Y x Specified Denomination 
Where: 
Y means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Conditions 
8(a) and 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than sixty 
(60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) provided that the due date 
for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to 
pay additional amounts contained in Conditions 8(a) and 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less 
than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) on (A) the latest practicable Interest 
Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable 
in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment 
Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the 
latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the 
latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in 
respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the 
applicable laws and/or regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, or cancelled. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
cancelled, (i) in case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering 
to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in 
question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in each 
case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating 
to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given 
not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
(k) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control: If at any time while any 
of the Notes remain outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control 
Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (a Put Event), each 
Noteholder will have the option (the Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice 
(as defined below), the Issuer has given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar 
days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of its intention to 
redeem the Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's 
option, to procure the purchase of that Note on the Optional Settlement Date (as defined below) at an

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
amount equal to 101% of its principal amount together with accrued interest to but excluding the 
Optional Settlement Date. 
Control, in respect of any entity, means: 
(i) 
the holding or acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or persons acting in concert or 
any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the Relevant Person(s)) of (A) 
more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of such entity; or (B) such number 
of shares in the capital of such entity carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
normally exercisable at a general meeting of such entity; or (C) a number of shares in the 
ordinary share capital of such entity carrying at least 40 per cent. of the voting rights 
exercisable at general meetings of such entity and no other shareholder of such entity, directly 
or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, holds a number of shares carrying a 
percentage of the voting rights exercisable in such general meetings which is higher than the 
percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held by such Relevant Person(s) 
or;  
(ii) 
whether by the ownership of share capital or the possession of voting power, contract or 
otherwise the ability, directly or indirectly, of any Relevant Person(s) to appoint or dismiss all 
or the majority of the members of the Conseil d’administration or other governing or 
supervisory body of such entity. 
A Change of Control in respect of the Issuer shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether 
or not approved by the Issuer) that any Relevant Person(s), at any time following the Issue Date of the 
Notes acquire(s) Control of the Issuer provided that a Change of Control in respect of the Issuer shall 
be deemed not to have occurred in the case of a Change of Control in respect of the Issuer involving 
any Relevant Person(s) which at the time of such Change of Control are under the Control of Vinci 
S.A. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of (i) the date 
of the First Formal Change of Control Announcement and (ii) the date of the earliest relevant Potential 
Change of Control Announcement (if any) and ending ninety (90) calendar days after the date of the 
First Formal Change of Control Announcement (the Initial Longstop Date), provided that unless any 
other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in 
respect of its rating of the Notes, if one or more Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time within 
a period starting on the date which is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and 
ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Notes under consideration for 
rating review as a consequence of such Change of Control, the Change of Control Period shall be 
extended to the date which falls sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the first such public rating 
review consideration announcement. 
First Formal Change of Control Announcement means the first of any formal public announcement 
of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control in respect of the Issuer. 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of Control 
in respect of the Issuer, such announcement or statement occurring no more than a hundred and eighty 
(180) calendar days prior to the First Formal Change of Control Announcement. 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and/ or Moody's Investors Service 
España, S.A. and their respective successors or affiliates and/ or any other rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer which has a current rating of the Notes 
at any relevant time. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control in respect 
of the Issuer if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to any of the Notes 
by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, 
or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (iii) if the rating previously 
assigned to any of the Notes by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as described 
above), lowered at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their respective 
equivalents), provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control in respect of 
the Issuer if the Rating Agency making the change in rating does not publicly announce or publicly 
confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in 
or arising as a result of, or in respect of, such Change of Control.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and 
the procedure for exercising the Put Option contained in this Condition 6(k). 
To exercise the Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under this 
Condition 6(k), the holder of that Note must (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes transfer or cause 
to be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the 
Paying Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, deposit its Notes with any Paying Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for 
the account of the Issuer, in each case within the period (the Put Period) of forty-five (45) calendar 
days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
Put Option Notice) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 6(k). 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of 
which the Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer or 
deposit of such Notes as described above on the date which is the fifth Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 5(a)) following the end of the Put Period (the Optional Settlement Date). Payment in 
respect of any Note so transferred or deposited will be made to each relevant holder in Euro in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Payments and Talons) on the Optional Settlement Date. 
(l) 
Squeeze Out Option: Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if seventy-
five (75) per cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series (the 
Squeeze Out Amount) has been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, on not less 
than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem on a date to be 
specified in such notice (the Squeeze Out Redemption Date), at its option, all (but not some only) 
of the remaining Notes of that Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date, and where applicable, any Arrears of Interest (the 
Squeeze Out Option). 
(m) 
Loss of Concession: In case of the occurrence of a Loss of Concession (as defined below but except 
when the relevant concession is bought back), which results in the cessation of all or a substantial part 
of the business or operations of the Issuer, the Issuer will, after having given not more than forty-five 
(45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’s notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, no later than thirty (30) calendar days following the receipt by the Concession 
Holder of the monetary compensation due under the terms of the relevant Concession Agreement. 
Concession Agreements means each of the agreements for the purposes of Concessionary Activities. 
Concessionary Activities means all activities exercised by virtue of a public law agreement or a 
private law agreement which purpose is to put the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries (the Concession 
Holder) in charge of the conception, financing, construction and/or development of an infrastructure, 
a project and/or service in exchange for a remuneration consisting in whole or in part of fees, toll or 
revenues paid by the users of the infrastructure, project or service, or calculated in whole or for a 
substantial part, by reference to the operation income or the performance or the availability of the 
infrastructure, project and/or service (including when all or part of such remuneration is definitely 
acquired starting on a certain fixed date agreed between the parties). 
Loss of Concession means any or all of the Concession Agreements being terminated, revoked, 
suspended, cancelled, amended or invalidated, or the relevant concession being bought back, where 
in each case the relevant Concession Holder receives monetary compensation.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the 
relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for 
redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.  
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the T2 System. 
Receipt means the receipt issued with respect to the relevant Materialised Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities and, so long as Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and ensuring the 
financial services of the Notes in Luxembourg and, in either case, so long as the rules of, or applicable 
to, the relevant Regulated Market so require, in such other city where the Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading), (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration 
Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the 
Notes may be admitted to trading.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Further Issues and Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as 
both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other 
Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, 
with the amount of any Arrears of Interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any Arrears of Interest corresponding 
to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount 
so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 
(Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Bearer Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears 
of Interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)).

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, business 
day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centres in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the 
case of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a T2 Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax Exemption  
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future French taxes or 
duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection:  
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt 
or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date in the case of 
Materialised Notes:  
more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment 
on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: 
if the Notes do not benefit from any exception provided in the Bulletin officiel des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no. 150 (published on 14 June 2022) of the French 
tax authorities and when such withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of 
that interest, Receipt or Coupon being (x) paid to an account opened in a financial institution 
established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative 
State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) (i) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the 
French General Tax Code (Code général des impôts) (other than those mentioned in Article 
238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the same code) for the purpose of Articles 125 A III and 119 bis 2 of the 
same code. 
As used in these Conditions, Relevant Date in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of 
Arrears of Interest, references to becomes due shall be interpreted in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 5(h)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if 
earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) interest shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Arrears of Interest) payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) principal 
and/or interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition. 
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the Paying Agent via the clearing systems, in a 
reasonable and timely manner, any information as may be required in order to comply with the 
identification and reporting obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French General Tax 
Code (Code général des impôts). 
The Issuer, the Paying Agent and/or any other party may be permitted to withhold or deduct any 
amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (FATCA withholding) as a result of the 
Noteholder, beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled 
to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise 
obliged to pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any 
other party. 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of the Noteholders)), upon request of any 
Noteholder, or in the event the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder, may, 
upon written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause 
all the Notes (but not some only) held by any such Noteholder or the sole Noteholder to become immediately 
due and payable at their principal amount, together with any accrued interest thereon (including, where 
applicable, any Arrears of Interest), as of the date on which such notice for payment is received by the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) 
shall occur: 
(a) 
Unsubordinated Notes: In the case of Unsubordinated Notes: 
(i) 
default in any payment when due of interest on any of the Notes, and the continuance of any 
such default for a period of fifteen (15) calendar days thereafter; or 
(ii) 
default in the performance of, or compliance with, any other obligation of the Issuer under the 
Notes, if such default shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt 
by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such default given by the Representative (as defined 
in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)); or 
(iii) 
any other present or future indebtedness (excluding any Project Finance Indebtedness) of the 
Issuer for borrowed money in excess of Euro 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) shall become due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default 
thereunder, or any such indebtedness shall not be paid when due after, as the case may be, the 
expiration of any applicable grace period therefor, unless the Issuer is contesting in good faith 
and by appropriate proceedings before a competent court that such indebtedness was due and 
payable, or unless such default by the Issuer under such indebtedness for borrowed money 
arises directly or indirectly as a result of a Loss of Concession (as defined in Condition 6(m)); 
or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(iv) 
if the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt; or a judgement 
is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for the transfer of the whole 
business (cession totale de l'entreprise à la suite d'un plan de cession) of the Issuer; or to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings; or the Issuer makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the 
benefit of, or enters into a composition with, its creditors; or the Issuer ceases to carry on all 
or a substantial part of its business or operations or is dissolved except (i) any operation falling 
within the definition of Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below) or (ii) in the event of a 
Loss of Concession or (iii) with the prior approval of the Masse, for the purposes of, or in 
connection with, an amalgamation, reorganisation, consolidation or merger (other than a 
Permitted Reorganisation) which is implemented; 
The occurrence of any Event of Default must be notified to the Noteholders by a publication in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 (Notices). 
Asset(s) of any person means all or any part of its business, undertaking, property, assets, revenues 
(including any right to receive revenues) and uncalled capital, wherever situated; 
Group means the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries;  
Permitted Reorganisation means a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger, consolidation or transfer 
of assets and/or activities (a Reorganisation) where the surviving legal entity which acquires or to 
which is transferred all or a substantial part of the business and/or activities of the Issuer:  
(i) 
is a company incorporated and resident in a Member State of the OECD;  
(ii) 
carries on the same or similar business and activities as the Issuer immediately after such 
acquisition or transfer; 
(iii) 
expressly and effectively by law assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and 
has obtained all authorisations therefore; and  
(iv) 
benefits from a senior long term debt rating from either S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
or Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. which is equal to or higher than the senior long 
term debt rating of the Notes immediately prior to the Reorganisation. 
Project Finance Indebtedness means any indebtedness incurred to finance the construction, 
development, operation and/or maintenance of an asset or business (a Project): 
(i) 
which is incurred by a single purpose person (SPP) (whether or not any such SPP is a member 
of the Group or a subsidiary of such a member) all or substantially all of whose Assets relate 
to the construction, development, operation and/or maintenance of the Project, either directly, 
or indirectly through one or more other SPPs incorporated solely for the purposes of, and all 
or substantially all of the Assets of such other SPP(s) relate to, the construction, development, 
operation and/or maintenance of the Project (each a Project Entity); and 
(ii) 
in respect of which the holder(s) of such indebtedness (the Lender) has no recourse to any 
member of the Group or a subsidiary of such a member for the repayment or payment of any 
sum in respect of such indebtedness other than recourse: 
(A) 
in respect of share capital (or equivalent) in a Project Entity; and/or 
(B) 
to a Project Entity in respect of such sum limited to the aggregate cash flow from the 
Project; and/or 
(C) 
to a Project Entity for the sole purpose of enforcing any security interest given to the 
Lender over the Assets constituting or derived from the Project (or rights given by any 
shareholder or equivalent in a Project Entity over its shares or equity equivalent in the 
Project Entity) in order to secure such indebtedness; and/or 
(D) 
to a Project Entity or a member of the Group or a subsidiary of such a member, which 
recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages) for breach

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
of a representation, warranty or obligation (not being a payment obligation or an 
obligation to procure payment by another or an indemnity in respect thereof) by the 
person against whom recourse is available; and/or 
(E) 
to any collateral or covenant to pay provided by any member of the Group or a 
subsidiary of such a member in exchange for the transfer to it of Assets in the form of 
cash of a Project Entity provided that such collateral or covenant provided in exchange 
for such Assets does not represent a value greater than the market value of such Assets 
at the time of transfer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes and in accordance with Condition 3(b), if 
any judgment shall be issued for the transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de l’entreprise) 
or the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any 
other reason then the Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable, in accordance 
with Condition 3(b) (Status of Subordinated Notes), at their principal amount together with any 
accrued interest to the date of payment and where applicable, any Arrears of Interest, without further 
formality. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five (5) years (in the case of principal or 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) with the exception of Article L. 228-56 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) and as supplemented by this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders).  
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective 
Decisions). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration, if any, in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement 
of the Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders. 
The Representative may delegate its powers with the prior approval of the Issuer. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by consent 
following a written consultation (the Written Resolution) (as further described in Condition 11(d)(ii) 
below).  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights 
of each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name 
of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) Business Day in Paris preceding the 
date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, 
to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount 
of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General 
Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending 
such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the 
date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented 
at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding 
of the General Meeting on second convocation.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(ii) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) the Issuer 
shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution 
from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a 
Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-
1 and R. 225-97 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification 
of Noteholders (Electronic Consent).  
Written Resolutions shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 11(d)(i) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect 
as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders.  
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if (i) 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold 
at least one fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) 
Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least two-third (2/3) of such quorum. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may 
be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series 
in accordance with Condition 13(a), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse.  
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce). The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) shall be published on the website of Autoroutes du Sud de la France (http://www. vinci-
autoroutes.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
(4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' 
approval, as contemplated by Article L. 228-72 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(h). Any Noteholder will then 
have the right to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days from the date of

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
notification, in which case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the 
Noteholder's request for redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the 
proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to 
Noteholders pursuant to articles L. 228-73 and L. 236-14 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce). Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 
11(h). If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with 
the transaction will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(h). 
(i) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) "outstanding" shall 
not include those Notes purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Article L. 213-0-1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) that are held by it in accordance with Article D. 
213-0-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and not cancelled. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark 
Amendment, the Noteholders shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any Benchmark 
Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B). 
12. 
Replacement of Definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilables for the 
purpose of French Law) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and 
the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further notes 
provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to Notes shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of 
one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe. Provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market(s), notices shall be valid if published (x) as long as such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the rules of such Stock Exchange so permit, on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (y) in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to 
trading is/are situated, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be 
valid if (i) published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (ii) so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, published (x) as long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the rules of such Stock 
Exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (y) in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such 
Notes are admitted to trading is/are situated, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer 
Notes in accordance with this Condition.  
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the 
time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14 (a), (b) 
and (c) above; except that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) 
and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notices will be published (x) as 
long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the 
rules of such Stock Exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or (y) in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading are/is situated which, in the case of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 14 (Notices) shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court of the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal, subject 
with respect to the Notes to any applicable mandatory rules pertaining to the territorial jurisdiction of 
French courts.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream 
held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other 
clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing 
systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or 
after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see General Description of the 
Programme - Selling Restrictions), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code), section 4701(b) containing rules similar to those that currently apply under section 163(f)(2)(B) of 
the Code) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of 
any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
While any Materialised Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect 
of such Materialised Bearer Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying 
Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for 
an interest in Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate 
may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. 
Forms of such Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) 
calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day 
pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day 
falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be used either for: 
(a) the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or 
(b) in the case of issue of green, social or sustainability Notes the financing or refinancing, in part or in full, of (i) 
eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects, or (iii) eligible sustainability projects (being a combination 
of both eligible green and eligible social projects), as further described in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of green, social or sustainability Notes, the relevant Final Terms will specify in more detail the above-
mentioned projects and any other relevant information such as whether or not any third party opinions and/or reviews 
will be made available in connection therewith and where and/or from whom opinions, reviews and other relevant 
information may be obtained and/or accessed.  
The Issuer will make available the relevant framework on its website before the issue of green, social and sustainability 
Notes. Such framework will further describe the above-mentioned projects.  
The Issuer intends to fully comply with the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines, each published by the International Capital Market Association in its 2018 edition and which have 
been updated in 2021 and in June 2022 (with respect to the Green Bond Principles and the Social Bond Principles), and 
their four core components which are (i) the description of the use of proceeds of the bonds, (ii) the disclosure of its 
process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the management of the proceeds of the bonds and (iv) a regular 
reporting on such use of proceeds.  
If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is any other particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
I. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER  
1.1 - General information 
General information about the Issuer  
Corporate name: Autoroutes du Sud de la France – "ASF" 
Registered office: 1973 boulevard de la Défense – 92000 Nanterre, France 
Telephone: +33 1 57 98 61 00 
Legal form: French public limited company ("société anonyme") with a Board of Directors 
Applicable legislation: governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and the related 
enabling legislation applicable to trading companies.  
Legal term of existence: the company was incorporated on 6 September 1957 and will be automatically dissolved on 15 
May 2056 unless it is wound up in advance or its term is extended. 
Financial year: from 1 January to 31 December. 
Registration number: RCS 572 139 996 Nanterre – Siret: 572 139 996 03633 – APE code: 5221Z 
Inspection of documents: Legal documents relating to ASF are available for inspection at its registered office and at the 
Clerk’s Office of the Nanterre Commercial Court.  
Corporate purpose (Article 2 of the bylaws) 
The corporate purpose of ASF is as follows: 
- 
Under a concession agreement, contract, mandate or other form of delegation, to design, build, maintain and operate 
roads, including expressways, motorways or civil engineering structures and including slip-roads and feeder-roads, 
to build and operate related infrastructures or intermodal transport infrastructures, to improve the surrounding land, 
to gather, process and distribute traffic information and, generally, to perform any and all related work or activities. 
- 
Under a contract, mandate or other form of delegation, to design, build and operate transport infrastructures 
including freight centres, vehicle parking areas, multimodal platforms and airport and maritime platforms. 
- 
To build, maintain and operate telecommunications infrastructure, including that which relates directly to the 
business of transport infrastructure operator. 
- 
To carry out any and all studies and develop any and all industrial and scientific processes, materials and equipment 
related directly or indirectly to the design, operation or construction of transport or telecommunications 
infrastructure. 
- 
Generally, to invest in any and all financial, commercial, securities or real estate companies, transactions or 
ventures, including for the acquisition of and improvement to land and buildings, related to the above corporate 
purpose. 
1.2 - Administration, management and supervisory bodies 
Composition of the Board of Directors (as of 31 December 2023) 
The Board of Directors is composed of 17 members: 
- 
Pierre Coppey, Chairman; 
- 
Jean Mesqui; 
- 
Pierre Trotot; 
- 
Hélène Hoepffner; 
- 
Patrick Priam;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
- 
Alexandra Serizay;  
- 
Natacha Valla; 
- 
VINCI Autoroutes Projets 2, represented by Laure Boutinet;  
- 
VINCI Autoroutes Projets 4, represented by Nathalie Boivin;  
- 
VINCI Autoroutes Projets 11, represented by Estelle Piercourt;  
- 
VINCI Autoroutes Rhône-Alpes, represented by Marie Bastart;  
- 
VINCI, represented by Yves-Thibault de Silguy; 
- 
VINCI Concessions, represented by Marc Bouron; 
- 
SNEL, represented by Xavier Huillard; 
- 
SEMANA, represented by Bernard Huvelin; 
- 
VINCI Innovation, represented by Christian Labeyrie.  
Positions and mandates held by the members of the board of directors: 
 
Positions and mandates held by the members of the board of directors at 31 December 2023 
Name 
Age 
Function 
Start 
End 
Principal other appointments and functions 
Pierre Coppey 
60 
Chairman, 
CEO and 
Director 
Chairman of the 
Board since 1st 
July 2009 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2026 
Executive Vice-President of VINCI  
Chairman and Director of COFIROUTE, ARCOUR, 
ESCOTA and Consortium Stade de France 
Chairman of VINCI Autoroutes, the Foundation 
d’entreprise VINCI Autoroutes, VINCI Autoroutes 
Services, Radio VINCI Autoroutes, VINCI Stadium, 
VINCI Autoroutes Projets 2,4, 6, 7, 7 Prime, 9, 10, 11, 12, 
14, 16, ULYS Free, Viaveis, VINCI Autoroutes Rhône 
Alpes, LNRD, LNRD Invest, the Association Aurore 
Member of the supervisory committee of Stade Bordeaux 
Atlantique and Nice Eco Stadium 
Member of the executive committee and management and 
coordination committee of VINCI, 
Chairman, Director, and member of the steering 
committee of La Fabrique de la Cité 
Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes on the 
board of the Foundation d’entreprise VINCI Autoroutes  
Director of Newfund Management 
 
Alexandra 
Serizay 
46 
Director 
25 July 2018 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2023 
Director of COFIROUTE 
Director of Dexia Crédit Local and Dexia SA 
Tech & Services Director of Groupe Sodexo 
Pierre Trotot 
69 
Director 
22 
September 
2015 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2026 
Director of COFIROUTE

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Hélène 
Hoepffner 
43 
Director 
19 March 2021 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2024 
Director of COFIROUTE 
 
Patrick Priam 
67 
Director 
19 March 2021 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2024 
Director of COFIROUTE and of ESCOTA 
Member of the supervisory committee of Nice Eco 
Stadium 
Permanent representative of VINCI Concessions on the 
board of Consortium Stade de France 
Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes on the 
board of ARCOUR 
Jean Mesqui 
71 
Director 
18 March 2022 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Director of COFIROUTE 
VINCI, 
represented by 
Yves-Thibault de 
Silguy 
75 
Director 
15 
December 
2004 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Chairman of France-Iran Committee - Vice Chairman of 
MEDEF International 
Director of LVMH  
Chairman of the supervisory board of Sofisport 
Managing Partner of YTSEuropaConsultants 
SNEL 
represented by 
Xavier Huillard 
69 
Director 
9 March 2006 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Chairman CEO and Director of VINCI 
Chairman of VINCI’s executive committee 
Member of VINCI’s management and coordination 
committee 
Chairman of VINCI Concessions 
Chairman of the Foundation d’entreprise VINCI pour la 
Cité 
Director of Association Aurore 
Chairman of the supervisory board of VINCI Deutschland 
Director of Kansai Airports 
Honorary Chairman of Association Institut de l’Entreprise 
Director, Member and Chairman of the appointments 
committee of Air Liquids 
Permanent representative of VINCI on the boards of 
VINCI Energies, La Fabrique de la Cité 
Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes on the 
Board of COFIROUTE 
Director and Chairman of Institut Pierre Lamoure 
Director of COBRA Servicios, Comunicaciones y 
Energia 
 
SEMANA, 
represented by 
Bernard Huvelin 
86 
Director 
9 March 2006 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes Projets 10 
on the board of COFIROUTE 
Director and Chairman of VINCI Finance International 
 
 
VINCI 
Innovation, 
represented by 
Christian 
Labeyrie 
67 
Director 
26 August 2010 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of 
VINCI  
Member 
of 
VINCI’s 
executive 
committee 
and 
management and coordination committee 
Director and member of investments committee of 
SMABTP 
Member of consultative committee of la Fabrique de la 
Cité 
Managing Director of SCI Cesaire les Groues and SCI 
Hebert les Groues 
Director of ARCOUR, Consortium Stade de France, 
VINCI Finance International, CFE,  
Director and Chairman ofVINCI Re 
Member of the supervisory board of VINCI Deutschland 
Director of COBRA Servicios, Comunicaciones y 
Energia 
Director of DEME Group 
VINCI 
Concessions, 
represented by 
Marc Bouron 
48 
Director 
3 March 2006 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
CEO of COFIROUTE 
Director and CEO of ARCOUR 
Chairman of Autoroutes Trafic 
Vice-President of the Foundation d’entreprise VINCI 
Autoroutes  
Chairman of the Association Jardins de la Voie Romaine 
Chairman of ARCOS 
Chairman of VINCI Autoroutes Alsace

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Chairman of Ecole des Métiers de l’Autoroute 
Permanent representative of COFIROUTE on the Board 
of the Foundation d’entreprise VINCI Autoroutes 
Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes on the 
Board of the Association Jardins de la Voie Romaine 
VINCI 
Autoroutes 
Projets 2 
represented by 
Laure Boutinet 
61 
Director 
23 March 2018 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
VINCI Construction France Human Ressources Director 
Member of VINCI Construction France’s executive 
committee and management and coordination committee 
  
VINCI 
Autoroutes 
Projets 4 
represented by 
Nathalie Boivin 
45 
Director 
23 March 2018 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes Projets 4 
on the Board of COFIROUTE and ESCOTA 
Director of Consortium Stade de France 
VINCI 
Autoroutes 
Projets 11 
represented by 
Estelle Piercourt 
58 
Director 
23 March 2018 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes Projets 11 
on the Board of COFIROUTE 
Permanent representative of VINCI Concessions on the 
Board of ESCOTA 
VINCI 
Autoroutes 
Rhône-Alpes 
represented by 
Marie Bastard 
57 
Director 
23 March 2018 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2025 
Permanent representative of VINCI Concessions on the 
Board of COFIROUTE 
Director of Bitumix 
Director and secretary treasurer of Construction DJL 
Chairman, Director and secretary treasurer of 7943121 
Canada 
Chairman, Director and secretary treasurer of 8710228 
Canada Inc 
Director and secretary treasurer of Agrégats Ste-Clotilde 
Director and secretary treasurer of Eurovia Canada 
Director and secretary treasurer of Eurovia Québec 
Grands Projets  
Director and secretary treasurer of Eurovia Québec CSP 
Director and secretary treasurer of Eurovia Québec 
Construction 
 
Natacha Valla 
47 
Director 
20 March 2020 
GM voting on 
accounts 
closed 
in 2023 
Director of COFIROUTE 
Director of LVMH 
Director and Member of risk and audit committee of ESG 
and of SCOR 
Censeur of Wakam 
 
 
 
The business address of the above members of the Board of Directors is the registered office of the Issuer.The Board of 
Directors convenes as often as the interests of the company require. 
Members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall conduct their private and other external activities and financial 
interests in a manner that does not conflict with the interests of the Issuer. Conflicts of interest may occasionally arise 
between duties of a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and such member’s duties to another party. In the 
event that any conflict of interest is deemed to exist in any matter, the person subject to the conflicting interests will not 
handle or participate in any decision relating to the matter. To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, as of the date of the 
Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of Directors between any duties to the 
Issuer and their private interests.  
Chairmanship and executive management of the company: 
The board designates a Chairman ("Président") among its members who are natural persons. 
Under French law, the executive management of the company is entrusted to a natural person appointed by the Board 
of Directors with the title of Chief Executive Officer ("Directeur Général").  
On December 12th, 2018, the ASF Board of Directors decided that the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) would be held by one only person (“Président-Directeur Général”).  
The Président-Directeur Général, as Chairman of the Board of Directors, organises and heads the work of the Board of 
Directors and represents it in its relations with the shareholders and third parties. He oversees the efficient running of 
the company’s organisation and, in particular, makes sure that the directors have the capacity to carry out their duties.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
The Président-Directeur Général, in his function of CEO, is entrusted with the most extensive powers to act in the 
name of the company in all circumstances. He exercises these powers within the limits of the company’s purpose and 
the statutory powers entrusted to the shareholders’ and Board of Directors’ meetings. 
The Président-Directeur Général represents the company in its relations with third parties. 
The Président-Directeur Général may grant any of his powers to attorneys-in-fact whom he designates, whether with 
or without the power to sub-delegate, subject only to statutory limits. 
Pierre Coppey was appointed as Président-Directeur Général by the Board of Directors on 12 December 2018. His 
nomination became effective on 5 January 2019 and was renewed by the Board of Directors dated 3 February 2023 for 
a period of 4 years, expiring on the date of the approval by Shareholders of financial statements of the year ended 31 
December 2026. 
The Executive Committee of the company, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, is composed of: 
 
Name 
Function 
Principal other appointments and functions 
Pierre Coppey 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Executive Vice-President of VINCI 
President of VINCI Autoroutes 
CEO of Consortium Stade de France 
Amélia Rung 
Human Ressources Director 
VINCI Autoroutes Executive Committee Member 
Christophe Hug 
Construction and Infrastructure Maintenance Director 
VINCI Autoroutes Executive Committee Member 
Laurence Brassac 
Communication Director 
Not significant 
Mohamed Zaouech 
Operationnal Director for East Region 
VINCI Autoroutes Executive Committee Member 
Frédéric Vautier 
Chief Financial Officer 
VINCI Autoroutes Executive Committee Member 
Raphaël Martin 
Operational Director for West Region 
VINCI Autoroutes Executive Committee Member 
Christophe Saintillan 
 IT Director 
VINCI Autoroutes Executive Committee Member 
 
The Commission des Marchés 
The Commission des Marchés is composed of a majority of members who are independent from the company and 
selected by the CEO, and of the CEO's representative who heads the Commission meetings. The manager of the contract 
submitted to the Commission des Marchés and one representative of the French anti-trust authority (DGCCRF) are also 
invited. The Commission des Marchés acts in an advisory capacity in relation to the award of the contracts, which are 
submitted for examination, and checks the contracts award procedure in force in the company. Its advice is required for 
all contracts relating to civil works above, or equal to, €500,000 (before tax) and all supply or services contracts above, 
or equal to, €240,000 (before tax). This advice is transmitted to ART (French transport regulation authority) before any 
official and definitive granting, so that it may use its prerogatives provided by law. 
1.3 - History of the Issuer 
The company was founded, as a Société d’Economie Mixte Concessionnaire d’Autoroute (SEMCA) in 1957 under the 
name of Société de l’Autoroute de la Vallée du Rhône (SAVR) to build and operate the A7 motorway starting from 
Vienne (south of Lyon). Between 1967 and 1973, the company was granted the concessions for the Nîmes-Montpellier, 
Orange-Nîmes and Béziers-Narbonne sections of the A9, all located in the South of France. In 1973, the current name, 
Autoroutes du Sud de la France, was adopted in order to reflect the geographic expansion of the company’s activities. 
In 1981 to 1982, ASF opened the Poitiers/Saint-André-de-Cubzac (north of Bordeaux) section of the A10, providing a 
continuous motorway link between Paris and Bordeaux and completed the A62 between Toulouse and Bordeaux.  
In 1984, ASF acquired the Société de l’Autoroute de la Côte Basque (ACOBA), which operates the A63 motorway. 
The construction of the A72 between Clermont-Ferrand and Saint-Etienne was completed in 1985, and the works on 
the A11 between Angers and Le Mans was finished in 1989.  
At the end of 1994, ASF acquired 83.72 per cent. of Escota, and increased its shareholding progressively over the years, 
finally reaching 99.50 per cent as of 31 December 2019. Escota was a SEMCA founded in 1956 under the name Société 
des Autoroutes Estérel, Côte d’Azur, to construct the A8, the first conceded motorway in France. The A8 now provides 
a continuous link between Aix-en-Provence and the Italian border. In 1991, following the geographic expansion of its 
activities, Escota adopted its current name, Société des Autoroutes Estérel, Côte d’Azur, Provence, Alpes.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
In 1994, ASF signed the concession agreement for the operation and maintenance for the Tunnel du Puymorens (in the 
Pyrenees). 
In 1995, the construction of the A20 motorway from Brive to Montauban began. The work was finished in June 2003. 
In 2001, the concessions for ASF and Escota were extended by 12 years until 2032 and 2026 respectively. 
On 23 February 2006, Parliament passed a law endorsing the integration of the A89 section Balbigny – La Tour de 
Salvigny into ASF Concession. The law was promulgated on 1 March 2006. 
In 2010, the concessions for ASF and Escota were extended by 1 year until 2033 and 2027 respectively, according to 
the 13th Amendment (for ASF) and the 12th Amendment (for Escota). 
In 2015, the terms of concession contracts were extended by 2 years and 4 months for ASF until 30 April 2036 (16th 
Amendment) and by 4 years and 2 months for Escota until 29 February 2032 (15th Amendment).  
Those extensions are major events since the privatisation occurred in 2006 and are described below:   
ASF was the first of the publicly-owned motorway concession companies in France (SEMCA) to be partly privatised. 
In March 2002, some €2.7 billion were raised from the IPO of 49 per cent of the company's capital, out of which about 
€850 million were reinvested into ASF’s equity by the French State, and the remainder paid to the French State through 
a special dividend. During the days following the IPO, VINCI bought 14.4 per cent of ASF's capital in the market and 
Eiffage bought 0.8 per cent. Eiffage finally sold its stake to VINCI in June 2003. At year-end 2004, VINCI had raised 
its stake to 22.99 per cent. and signed a shareholder agreement with the French State under which it obtained a seat on 
the Board of ASF.  
In 2005 the French State decided to privatise ASF entirely. VINCI acquired all of the remaining 77.01 per cent. of ASF 
between March and November 2006 for a total consideration of €9.1 billion. VINCI first acquired the State and 
Autoroutes de France’s stake (41.5 per cent and 8.8 per cent of ASF’s capital respectively). Thereafter, VINCI 
successfully launched a standing market offer, thereby increasing its stake to more than 95 per cent of ASF. The 
acquisition of ASF was completed on 6 November 2006 with the squeeze out of ASF allowing VINCI group to hold 
100 per cent of ASF. 
As of the date of the present Base Prospectus, ASF is fully owned and controlled by VINCI Autoroutes which is 
ultimately indirectely owned and controlled by Vinci.  
1.4 - Concession agreements 
ASF and Escota concession agreements 
Motorway concessions are public utility and public works concessions. They are granted by the French State by virtue 
of a concession agreement, approved by a Conseil d'Etat decree specifying how to construct, operate and maintain the 
motorways. 
The French system of motorway concessions was established by the Motorway Act of 18 April 1955 (now known as 
the Road Code). Roads are built on public land and cannot be privately owned. Only the French State may authorise a 
company to build and operate motorways and the related infrastructure under a concession agreement. Concession 
agreements are subject to bids. 
The relationship between the French State and the concessionaires are governed by concession agreements and their 
addenda and, since 1994, by a Programme Plan (Contrat de Plan) signed on a regular basis by both parties, which 
establish the practices in terms of pricing, capital expenditure, development, marketing and customer services, financial 
targets and social and environmental policies within the respect of the financial balance of concession. 
ASF and Escota build, maintain and operate their motorway network under three concession agreements with the French 
State: one for the ASF main network, one for the Puymorens tunnel (see details in section entitled “The Puymorens 
tunnel concession agreement” below), and one for the Escota network.   
ASF’s agreement for the main network and Escota’s agreement are quasi identical, except for their different expiry 
dates, and the differences in financial and pricing terms.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
They were approved by decrees issued by the French Conseil d'Etat, in 1961 for ASF main agreement, 1957 for Escota 
agreement and in 1994 for the agreement regarding the Puymorens tunnel. They have since been the subject of several 
addenda. 
Scope of the concessions 
The concession agreements relate to the motorways or motorway sections, and also all land, structures and installations 
necessary for the construction, maintenance and operation of each motorway, such as parking, service and rest areas, 
service stations, restaurants, motels and hotels (the Concession Assets).  
The Concession Assets fall into three categories:  
(i) 
assets required to operate the concession, which will automatically be returned to the State without 
compensation at the end of the concession (Returnable Assets); 
(ii) 
other assets that are the property of the concessionaire, which the State may elect to buy back at the end of 
the concession period, if they are of use in operating the concession (Assets with a Buyback Option); and 
(iii) 
assets owned outright by the concessionaire (Owned Assets), which will not be transferred to the State at the 
end of the concession period, with or without consideration. 
Throughout the duration of the concession agreement, the concessionaire has the exclusive right to operate the 
motorways or motorway sections covered by the concession, and to collect tolls. 
Duration of concessions and recovery of assets on expiry of concessions 
As of the date of the present Base Prospectus, ASF main concession will expire on 30 April 2036 and Escota concession 
on 29 February 2032.  
Puymorens Tunnel concession will end on 31 December 2037.  
On the expiry of each concession, the State will take possession of the Returnable Assets. The concessionaire must 
carry out all necessary maintenance and replacement work, in a timely manner and at its own expense, so that the assets 
are returned in a good state of repair. 
On the concession expiry date, the State may decide to exercise its buyback option in order to also take possession of 
the other assets required to operate the network. 
Motorway construction 
Each concession agreement outlines the main features of the infrastructure. For motorways that are classified as being 
in the public interest, the concessionaire enjoys all the legal and regulatory rights conferred on the State in matters of 
public works, for the purpose of acquiring land and carrying out expropriations, and is subject to all the corresponding 
obligations. In particular, the concessionaire must fulfill all the undertakings given and conditions imposed in the 
Declaration of Public Interest. 
Construction contracts above a certain value must be awarded under a competitive bidding process. Discrimination 
against European Union companies on the basis of national origin is prohibited. 
Motorway operation 
The concessionaire must deploy all necessary resources to maintain continuity of traffic in good conditions of safety 
and convenience. Concession assets must be kept in a good state of repair and operated by the concessionaire at its own 
expense. 
The concessionaire must comply with law and order measures announced by the préfets of the regions which the 
motorway crosses. It must also submit its proposed operating plan for the prior approval of the Infrastructure Minister. 
In accordance with the rules applicable to public service providers, in the case of a strike by its employees, the 
concessionaire is required to maintain a minimum service as defined by the Infrastructure Minister. 
The concessionaire also has certain obligations in the event that the motorway traffic flow is interrupted or restricted. 
These include informing the public in advance of possible delays, and immediately notifying the competent authorities 
if traffic is interrupted due to circumstances beyond the concessionaire’s control. 
Financial terms and conditions 
The concessionaire is responsible for financing the construction and operation of the motorway network and related 
infrastructure, on the basis specified in the concession agreement. 
Tariffs 
The concession agreement specifies the basis to be used by the concessionaire to determine toll charges.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Under the ASF and Escota concession agreements, the rates are usually revised on the 1st of February in each year. By 
law (Decree n° 95-81) and as provided by concession agreements, the minimum annual rate increase for toll operators 
amounts to 70 per cent of the inflation index (French inflation index excluding tobacco). Upon the signing of a 
Programme Plan between the French State and the concessionaire, the tariff increases are defined for the duration of the 
contract. ASF Group’s concession agreements specify that the annual increase in tariffs applicable to class 1 vehicles 
(light vehicle), when a Programme Plan exists, cannot be less than 85 per cent of consumer price inflation. The tariffs 
for other classes are determined through coefficients applied to the tariffs of class 1 vehicles.  
The 16th Amendment for ASF and the 15th Amendment for Escota provide the compensation of the 2015 toll freeze 
and the compensation of the 2013 land tax increase via supplemental toll increases over the 2016-2023 period. 
The 17th Amendment for ASF and the 16th Amendment for Escota provide tariff increase related to the motorways 
investment plan. 
The 18th and the 20th Amendments for ASF provides for an increase in tariffs related to Montpellier Western Bypass.  
ASF contractual annual tariff increases:  
- 
2023: 70 per cent of inflation index (*) + 0.39% 
- 
After 2023: 70 per cent of inflation index (*) 
(*) French inflation index excluding tobacco 
The average increase of the price rates on February 1st, 2023 was 4.823 per cent for all vehicle classes. 
The average increase of the price rates on February 1st, 2024 was 2.709 per cent for all vehicle classes. 
 
Escota contractual tariff increases: 
- 
2023: 70 per cent of inflation index (*) + 0.25% 
- 
After 2023: 70 per cent of inflation index (*) 
(*) French inflation index excluding tobacco 
The average increase of the price rates on February 1st, 2023 was 4.683 per cent for all vehicle classes. 
The average increase of the price rates on February 1st, 2024 was 2.709 per cent for all vehicle classes. 
Other contractual elements  
16th Amendment ASF / 15th Amendment Escota 
On 23 August 2015, amendments to the concession contracts of the ASF and Escota were published in the French 
Official Journal, thereby making the motorway stimulus plan’s measures enforceable. Additional undertakings 
regarding investments to be made by the ASF Group under this plan amount to more than €1.2 billion, including the 
integration of the Toulon tunnel within the scope of the concession of Escota. In return for these additional investments, 
the terms of the concession contracts were extended by two years and four months for ASF and four years and two 
months for Escota. 
Most of the investment programme relates to infrastructure works to improve the motorway network, including the 
widening of the A9, A63 and A61 motorways and the completion of the A50/A57 motorways link in Toulon. The 
programme also includes upgrades to improve the environmental performance of the motorways. 
Those amendments also provide mainly for: 
- 
the compensation of the 2013 land tax increase and of the 2015 toll freeze; 
- 
the implementation of caps on the concession profitability during the additional extended period granted by the 
stimulus plan and a mechanism to prevent financial advantage regarding works forecasted schedule of the 
stimulus plan; 
- 
the affirmation of the tax framework stability; and  
- 
the implementation in the concession agreements of a performance indicators system with penalties and targets.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
17th Amendment for ASF and 16th Amendment for ESCOTA – The motorways investment plan 
The motorways investment plan announced by the President of the Republic in July 2016 was put into effect by the 
Decree n°2018-959 of 6 November 2018. In particular it provides for the construction of 12 complete or partial 
distributors, a car-share parking programme and environmental realizations. Most of these projects will be covered by 
special agreements between ASF or Escota and the regional authorities involved. 
 
18th Amendment for ASF – Montpellier Western Bypass: 
On 29th January 2022, the Montpellier Western Bypass was published in the French Official Journal. This 6.5 km section 
will improve the metropolitan traffic flow by connecting A750 and A709 motorways. By judgment delivered on 27 
January 2023, the Conseil d'Etat rejected the financing clause of the 18th Amendment, without denying the inclusion 
of the Western Montpellier Bypass within the scope of ASF’s concession. As a consequence, a new financing scheme 
for the project remains to be defined by the grantor and ASF. 
19th Amendment for ASF – Verfeil access road  
On 11th October 2022, the Verfeil access road was published in the French Official Journal. This Amendment enables 
the construction of this 9.8 km access road.  
20th Amendment for ASF – Montpellier Western Bypass:  
On 29th December 2023, a new amendment related to the Montpellier Western Bypass was published in the French 
Official Journal. This amendment defines a new financing scheme for the project, which focuses on additional tariff 
increases applied to the toll gates around this new infrastructure.  
Operation of service area outlets and other commercial installations: 
The concessionaire awards contracts for the operation of service area outlets according to a competitive bidding process. 
The fees paid by the service area operators are included in concession revenues. 
Under the terms of the concession agreement, the concessionaire may install and operate optical fibre and 
telecommunications networks alongside the motorways. 
Technical regulations: 
The concession agreements stipulate that in the event of a substantial change in technical regulations directly related to 
the concession that could seriously impair the financial equilibrium of concession operations, the State and the 
concessionaire will mutually agree on the amount of any compensation to be paid to the concessionaire. 
State buyback option: 
Since 1 January 2012, the State has the right to buy back the concession, for reasons of public interest, on 1 January of 
each year, subject to giving one year’s notice. 
If the buyback option is exercised, the concessionaire will be entitled to compensation corresponding to the loss suffered 
by it as a result of the termination, the amount of which, net of taxes due on its receipts and after taking into account all 
deductible costs, will be equal to the fair value of the concession being bought back, estimated in accordance with the 
method for calculating the present value of available after-tax cash-flows.  
The payment of the buyback amount will take place on 30 June of the year of the buyback.  
The concessionaire will be required to return to the State the assets, installations, machinery and equipment bought back 
in a good state of repair. In the three months following the one-year notice mentioned above, the State, after consultation 
with the concessionaire, and if necessary with expert assistance, will draw up a programme of maintenance and 
renovations needed for the concession to be returned in good condition and a programme of operations to be carried out 
prior to the return of the assets, such programmes being at the cost of the concessionaire. Failure by the concessionaire 
to comply in whole or in part with such programmes may result in financial penalties being levied by the State to cover 
the costs of carrying out such programmes. 
On the buyback date, the State will assume all of the concessionaire’s commitments entered into in the normal course 
of business for the construction and operation of the Concession Assets, except for those commitments arising from 
loan agreements. 
Penalties and remedies: 
In the case of any failure by the concessionaire to fulfill any of its obligations under the concession agreement that is 
not remedied within the period specified in the execution order issued by the State, the concessionaire will be required 
to make a remedial payment, unless such failure is due to circumstances beyond the concessionaire’s control.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
In particular, such a payment will be levied in the case of any motorway construction delays or any partial or total 
interruption of traffic arising from the fault of the concessionaire.  
If the concessionaire breaches its obligations concerning tariffs, the tariffs applicable up to the next revision date will 
be set jointly by the Infrastructure Minister and the Finance Minister. 
According to concessions agreements, ASF and Escota are bound to realise investments in determined periods. 
Under certain circumstances, a delayed realisation might lead to the restitution to the State of the resulting financial 
advantage. ASF and the French State would have to agree on the form of the compensation. 
Termination for default: 
The concession agreement may be terminated by a decision of the State made by decree of the Conseil d'Etat, if any of 
the following breaches are not remedied within 30 days of receiving an execution order: 
- 
the concessionaire, other than as a result of a "force majeure" event, interrupts operations repeatedly or for a 
lengthy period without authorisation or commits a serious breach of any other contractual obligations; 
- 
the concessionaire transfers the concession without prior and express authorisation of the State; or 
- 
the concessionaire fails to obtain on a timely basis the funds required to finance the design, construction, 
operation and maintenance of a motorway. 
In the event of termination for default, the concession agreement will be granted to a new concessionaire, in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations, through a competitive bidding process. In this case, the bid price will be paid by 
the new concessionaire to the disqualified company, immediately following publication of the Conseil d'Etat decree 
approving the new concession agreement and related specifications.  
The Puymorens tunnel concession agreement 
The concession agreement for the Puymorens tunnel was signed on 2 June 1994 for a period expiring on 31 December 
2037. As from 2013, the concession may also be terminated by the State on 1 January of each year, subject to giving 
one year’s notice. Under the terms of the concession agreement, when the concession expires or is terminated, the State 
will assume all debts and obligations relating to the concession. 
ASF is entitled to request a tariff increase if this is necessary to preserve the financial viability of the concession. In 
addition, variable tariffs may be applied according to the season and tunnel-users may be offered cut-price subscriptions. 
These tariffs must be submitted for the approval of the Finance Minister, after consultation of the Infrastructure Minister 
one month before they are introduced. ASF is entitled to outsource the operation of tunnel-related facilities, subject to 
the restrictions described above. The related fees are included in concession revenues. 
New organisation of highways sector control by the French Public Authorities since Law for growth, activity and 
equal business opportunities (Loi pour la croissance, l'activité et l'égalité des chances économiques) 
This law has been enacted on 6 August 2015, and contains provisions for the highways sector (modifications of the law 
part of the road network code), which are into force since February 1st, 2016. The main change relates to the highways 
sector control by the French Public Authorities: powers of the “Autorité de régulation des activités ferroviaires” 
(“ARAF”) which became the “Autorité de régulation des activités ferroviaires et routières” (“ARAFER”) has been 
extended to the highways sector. Since 26 December 2019, the ARAFER is called “Autorité de Régulations des 
Transports” (“ART”). The ART is vested with the mission to advise French Government concerning the economics of 
motorway concessions. ART is therefore consulted by the French Government about (i) any proposed concession 
agreements or (ii) any amendment to concession agreements where such amendment has an impact on the toll rates of 
the motorways or on the duration of the concession. In such case, ART analyses the balance between new investments 
asked for by the French Government and toll prices increase and/or extension of the concession’s duration. In addition, 
ART ensures that fair competition is genuinely exercised in the award of public works, supply or services contracts and 
contracts for operating restaurants, fuel distribution stations etc. on motorway service areas. The implementing rules 
are detailed in Decree part of the road network code. 
1.5 - Business overview 
Issuer profile  
France has a long experience both of motorway building and of motorway management, in particular as regards 
concessions. Approximately 9,000 km of the French motorway network are conceded.  
In 1994, three regional public operators were created: ASF and its subsidiary Escota to cover the Southern region, Sanef 
(Société des Autoroutes du Nord et de l’Est de la France) and its subsidiary SAPN (Société des Autoroutes Paris-
Normandie) to cover the Northern and Eastern regions, and SAPRR (Société des Autoroutes Paris-Rhin-Rhône) and its 
subsidiary AREA (Société des Autoroutes Rhône Alpes) to cover the Rhin-Rhone and Rhone-Alpes region, the western 
region of France being covered by the private operator Cofiroute.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Since its creation, ASF growth has been built on three core areas of expertise: financing, building and operating transport 
infrastructure. 
Today, the ASF Group is the largest1 motorway concessionaire in France (3,207 km). It is operated by ASF with 2,737 
km (including the 5.5 km long Tunnel du Puymorens concession) and Escota (ASF’s 99.5 per cent owned subsidiary) 
with 471 km, located mainly along the French Riviera.  
Network 
At 31 December 2023, ASF Group’s motorway network totalled 3,200 km of completed motorway and 7 km of 
motorway under construction or still to be built.  
ASF and Escota networks are strategically positioned to capitalise on above average demographic growth in the South 
of France and on traffic flows between the Iberian peninsula and Italy on the one hand and Northern Europe on the other 
hand. Thanks to this positioning, the network attracts not only European freight and tourist traffic but also high volumes 
of local traffic. 
 
ASF internal source. 
 
1 Source : French Transport Ministry (https://www.ecologie.gouv.fr/societes-concessionnaires-dautoroutes-sca) 
 
ASF Group operational conceded network (km)
A46 Sud/A7/A8 Lyon – Orange – Aix en Provence (L’autoroute du Soleil)
285
A9 Orange – Le Perthus (Spanish border) (La Languedocienne/La Catalane) / A709
301
A10 Poitiers – Bordeaux (L’Aquitaine)
232
A11 Le Mans – Angers (L’Océane)
81
A20 Brive – Montauban
144
A54 Nîmes – Salon de Provence - St Martin de Crau
49
A61-A62 Narbonne – La Brède (near Bordeaux) and West of Toulouse bypass
372
A63 Saint Geours de Maremme – Spanish border (Basque Coast)
66
A64 North Toulouse - Muret
14
A645 Val d'Aran
6
A64 Bayonne – Toulouse (La Pyrénéenne)
242
A66 Toulouse – Pamiers
39
A68 Toulouse – Gémil
18
A680 Verfeil bypass
9
A710-A711-A72-A89 Clermond-Ferrand - Veauchette and Lyon
187
A8 bypass between Coudoux (A7) and Aix en Provence
18
A83 Nantes – Niort
147
A837 Rochefort - Saintes
36
A87 Angers – La Roche-sur-Yon (and La Roche-sur-Yon Southern bypass)
128
A89 Ouest Bordeaux – Clermond Ferrand with the Thenon - Terrasson section
330
A87N Gatignolles - Murs Erigné
14
Béziers East (A75/A9) bypass
5
Puymorens tunnel
6
Total ASF:
2730
A8 Aix-en-Provence – Côte d’Azur – Italian border (La Provençale)
206
A51 Aix-en-Provence – Gap
130
A52/50 Aix-en-Provence – Aubagne – Toulon
80
A57 Toulon – A8
52
A500 A8 – Monaco
3
Total Escota:
471
Total ASF Group operational network :
3200

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
ASF internal source. 
There are 4 main players in motorways concessions in France: 
(i) 
ASF Group: 3,207 km under concession 
 
(ii) 
APRR Group: 2,406 km under concession 
Autoroutes Paris-Rhin-Rhône (APRR), an Eiffage subsidiary, currently operates 2,406 km2 of motorways 
under concession from the French State. The network comprises the Paris-Lyon corridor (A5, A6, A39), the 
Burgundy-North Europe connector (A31-A36), the alpine motorways of the Rhône-Alpes region (A40, A41, 
A42, A43, A48, A49, A51 north) and the motorways of central France (A77, A71, A79);  
(iii) 
Sanef Group: 1,785 km3 under concession 
Sanef and his main subsidiary SAPN have built up a motorway network of 1,781 kilometres in France, 
comprising the A1 and A2 in the north, the A4 in the east, the A13 and A14 in the west and the link motorways 
(A16, A26 and A29). 
 
2 Source: APRR Consolidated financial statements 2023 
3 Source: SANEF Group Consolidated financial statements 2023

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(iv) 
Cofiroute: 1,111 km4 under concession 
Cofiroute, a VINCI subsidiary, is the only French motorway concession company that has remained in the 
private sector since its creation in 1970. The company operates 1,100 km of motorway in western France (A10, 
A11, A28, A71, A81 and A85). Cofiroute also holds the concession for the underground link of the A86 
motorway in Ile de France (11 km).  
 
Historical traffic evolution 
 
 
ASF internal source. 
In 2023, ASF Group saw its traffic level increase by 1.4 per cent on an actual network basis compared with the previous 
year: 
- 
+1.8 per cent for light vehicles, which accounted for 86.3 per cent of total traffic; and 
- 
-1.1 per cent for heavy vehicles. 
Main activities 
Motorway Construction: 
ASF Group acts as project manager for the construction of the infrastructure it has committed to perform under its 
concession agreements or programme plan. The first task is to define the precise itinerary of the motorway within the 
300m strip covered by the declaration of public interest. This choice is governed by two priorities: road safety and 
blending the motorway into its local environment with a view to minimising any disturbances for local residents. The 
ASF Group's team of program management works with architects and landscapers and use advanced imaging 
technology and other tools to simulate the course of the motorway and assess its impact on local populations and on the 
natural environment. Road works are outsourced by way of competitive tenders.  
Motorway improvement and infrastructure maintenance: 
Pursuant to Programme Plan, Stimulus Plan and Motorways Investment Plan ASF Group realises additional investments 
on existing motorways. These investments are to adapt infrastructure, mainly to cope with most recent environmental 
standards, needs for local network access or increasing traffic. They include animal bridges, road-widening, 
interchanges construction, toll plazas and rest and service area extensions.  
 
4 Source: Cofiroute Financial Report 2023 
 
ASF GROUP TRAFFIC EVOLUTION 
45000 
40000 
-
.,, 
QI 
35000 
'ii 
-
-
- -
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1- t-
1-
-
~ 30000 
-
0-
1-
-
-
-
-
-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
,_ 
1-
-
... 
E 25000 
1-
,-
1-
1-
,-
-
-
-
-
-
1-
1-
1-
,-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
,-
-
.:.:: - 20000 
0 
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
-
,- ,- - - - - -
1- ,-
,-
1-
1- ,-
1-
,-
,- ,- -
Ill 
C 
15000 
.2 
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
-
-
-
-
-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
-
1~ 
10000 
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
-
1-
,-
-
-
-
-
- - - - -
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
,-
-
5000 
1-
1-
1-
1-
1-
- -
-
-
-
-
- - - - - - - - -
,_ -
-
0 
~ = 
~ 0 
~ N 
M 
~ ~ ~ ~ = 
~ 0 
~ N 
M 
~ ~ ~ ~ = 
~ 0 
~ N 
M 
! ! ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ij ij ij ij ij ij ij ij ij ij 
~ ~ ~ ~ 
1 D Escota ■ ASF 1

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
The ASF Group also invests in infrastructure maintenance to repair damage due to high traffic and infrastructure ageing 
and to comply with new technical standards. 
Toll Collection: 
There are two main toll collection systems on ASF and Escota’s motorways: automatic toll and electronic toll collection 
system. 
The electronic toll collection system has been developed by the French motorway operators. It is valid on the whole toll 
French motorway network and allows direct payment of tolls from the user's bank account. This system also has 
advantages for the motorist, such as slowing down without stopping at the toll plaza and, on heavy traffic days, easier 
access, as well as benefiting the toll operator by way of cost reductions in the operation and construction of toll plazas 
(fewer lanes needed when compared with conventional manual toll collection plazas). 
 
  
ASF internal source. 
 
Developments in new concessions: 
Since its acquisition by VINCI, ASF Group does not currently intend to develop any further concessions activities. 
However, ASF Group is providing VINCI Group entities with all required expertise in order to support new concessions 
developments. 
Services: 
ASF Group performs operation, maintenance and advisory activities linked to motorway infrastructure through service 
contracts.  
Assistance to the Customer: 
Adequate service levels are ensured through innovative initiatives. These may include new equipment, new systems or 
effective and timely solutions for incidents or crises as they occur. 
Road assistance, which is part of ASF Group’s obligations under the terms of the Concession Agreement, consists of 
patrolling motorways in order to detect and correct anomalies and thus prevent accidents and to assist road users. ASF 
and Escota have Assistance and Maintenance Centres strategically located to provide efficient assistance on all 
motorways. Their networks are broken down into operational units which cover about 50 km of motorway in high-
traffic areas and 90 to 120 km in the other areas, each benefiting from a strongly reactive organisation dedicated to 
managing traffic flows and responding to incidents. 
Assistance to road users includes rapid breakdown services, refuelling and car removal services. 
ASF Group - Breakdown of transactions by collection method 
100% 
6% 
4% 
1% 
11% 
90% 
6% 
80% 
42% 
42% 
42% 41% 
49% 
47% 
46% 
45% 
52% 
51% 
70% 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
■ ETC payments 
Automatic payments 
Manual payments

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Service areas are one of the most useful services made available on the network. Located on the roadside every 40 km 
on average, the service areas are organised through concession to third parties with ASF Group exercising active control 
in respect of both service quality and capacity. The Group network includes more than 300 rest and service areas. 
Information is a major way to ensure safety and service. ASF Group is going further in its information policy by taking 
into account the digital transformation, particularly with projects based on real time traffic information using floating 
car data and social media dedicated to operational activities. 
R&D: 
ASF Group will continue to develop technologies linked with highways activities to improve security, environment 
protection and quality of service. 
Road Safety: 
ASF Group’s increasing concern with traffic conditions and road safety has led to continuous improvements in active 
and passive safety measures. 
ASF Group have stepped up actions aimed at improving the safety of their clients and personnel. Some noteworthy 
measures deserve to be mentioned: a dynamic speed regulation system on days of heavy traffic was implemented on 
several sections of the network; the time needed to convey information to intervention teams and customers was 
reduced. 
ASF Group is also very involved in safety of its own personnel, using technology or information to ensure it. For 
example, experimentations are lead in detection of dangerous vehicle that may collide with the safety patrol and the 
nearby agents. ASF Group is constantly improving these roadworks procedures and is engaged in some experimentation 
to certify more secure practices. 
1.6 - Significant events in 2023 
Changes in accounting policy 
The applicable standards and interpretations that are mandatory from 1 January 2023 do not have a material impact on 
the consolidated financial statements of the ASF Group at 31 December 2023. 
Tax on long-distance transport infrastructure in France 
Article 100 of France’s Finance Law for 2024 (Law 2023-1322 enacted at the end of December 2023), introduces a tax 
on long-distance transport infrastructure operators in France starting in 2024. ASF Group will use all available means 
to oppose Article 100 of this law, since it is contrary to the spirit and the letter of the concession contracts signed with 
the French state as grantor, which include tax neutrality clauses. 
Operation 
In 2023, the ASF Group saw its toll revenue improved by 5.3 per cent and traffic level increased by 1.4 per cent. The 
EBITDA5 to revenue (excluding revenue from construction work) ratio stands at 73.5% for 2023.  
Employees 
The number of employees of ASF at 31 December 2023 was 3,194 compared to 3,246 at the end of 2022. 
ASF 
number of 
employees 
2023 
Total 
Male 
Total 
Female 
Executives 
Supervisors 
Employees / 
Workers 
Total 
% 
Female 
M 
F 
M 
F 
M 
F 
Under 
permanent 
contracts 
3,062 
43% 
1,749 
1,313 
380 
210 
727 
778 
642 
325 
Under fixed-
term 
contracts 
132 
24% 
100 
32 
15 
13 
11 
10 
74 
9 
Total 
3,194 
42% 
1,849 
1,345 
395 
223 
738 
788 
716 
334 
 
 
5 Cash flows (used in)/from operations before tax and financing costs

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
ASF 
number of 
employees 
2022 
Total 
Male 
Total 
Female 
Executives 
Supervisors 
Employees / 
Workers 
Total 
% 
Female 
M 
F 
M 
F 
M 
F 
Under 
permanent 
contracts 
3,184 
43% 
1,815 
1,369 
376 
201 
746 
798 
693 
370 
Under 
fixed-term 
contracts 
62 
26% 
46 
16 
4 
5 
9 
4 
33 
7 
Total 
3,246 
43% 
1,861 
1,385 
380 
206 
755 
802 
726 
377 
ASF internal source.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
The number of employees of Escota at 31 December 2023 was 948 compared to 968 at the end of 2022.  
Escota 
number of 
employees 
2023 
Total 
Male 
Total 
Female 
Executives 
Supervisors 
Employees / 
Workers 
Total 
% 
Female 
M 
F 
M 
F 
M 
F 
Under 
permanent 
contracts 
914 
42% 
534 
380 
113 
80 
252 
215 
169 
85 
Under fixed-
term 
contracts 
34 
15% 
29 
5 
2 
2 
5 
2 
22 
1 
Total 
948 
41% 
563 
385 
115 
82 
257 
217 
191 
86 
 
Escota 
number of 
employees 
2022 
Total 
Male 
Total 
Female 
Executives 
Supervisors 
Employees / 
Workers 
Total 
% 
Female 
M 
F 
M 
F 
M 
F 
Under 
permanent 
contracts 
941 
41% 
551 
390 
113 
77 
273 
218 
165 
95 
Under fixed-
term 
contracts 
27 
22% 
21 
6 
2 
3 
3 
3 
16 
0 
Total 
968 
41% 
572 
396 
115 
80 
276 
221 
181 
95 
Escota internal source. 
 
The employment costs increased by 0.7 per cent from €286.8 million in 2022 to €288.9 million in 2023.  
In 2023, ASF and Escota continued their dedicated efforts to staff training. Training expenses represented 5.6 per cent 
of the wage bill of ASF and 5.1 per cent for Escota. 
Since the acquisition of the ASF Group by VINCI in March 2006, the employees of ASF and Escota regularly benefit 
from the share purchase option plans, share subscription plans and performance share plans and the Group Savings 
Scheme of the parent company, VINCI.  
Corporate 
In January 2023, ASF issued, as part of its EMTN programme, a €700 million bond maturing in January 2033, with a 
coupon of 3.25%. 
 
Traffic  
ASF and Escota saw traffic levels increase by 1.4 per cent relative to 2022 on an actual network basis: 
- 
+1.8 per cent for light vehicles, which accounted for 86.3 per cent of total traffic; 
- 
-1.1  per cent for heavy vehicles. 
The following factors should be taken into account when analysing changes in traffic during financial year 2023: 
- 
the end of travel restrictions due to the coronavirus pandemic at the beginning of 2022 for light vehicles; 
- 
rising economic growth in France and Spain ; 
- 
two working days less in 2023 for heavy vehicles traffic;  
- 
the price of diesel, decreasing on average by -3% in 2023 compared to 2022, advantage light-vehicles traffic;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
- 
fuel shortages from mid-March to early April 2023, unfavorable for light-vehicles like those from October to mid-
November 2022. 
Users travelled 41,586 million km on the ASF and Escota networks in 2023 compared with 41,007 million in 2022, a 
1.4 per cent increase. 
The annual average daily traffic (AADT) on the network as a whole was 36,394 vehicles per day in 2023 compared 
with 35,888 vehicles per day in 2022, a 1.4 per cent increase.  
 
  
  
AADT 2023 
AADT 2022 
Change % 
ASF network 
  
  
  
A46Sd A7 
VERS SAINT PRIEST- BIFURCATION A43-A46 - ORANGE 
79,330    
78,522    
1.0%  
A7 
ORANGE - COUDOUX 
69,031    
68,189    
1.2%  
A9 A75 A709 
ORANGE - NARBONNE SUD 
63,963    
62,842    
1.8%  
A9   
NARBONNE SUD - LE PERTHUS 
47,777    
46,093    
3.7%  
A10 
POITIERS SUD - BORDEAUX 
31,399    
31,283    
0.4%  
A83 
NANTES - BIFURCATION A83-A10 
22,193    
21,972    
1.0%  
A837 
BIFURCATION A10-A837 - ROCHEFORT 
11,808    
11,570    
2.1%  
A11  
LE MANS - ANGERS 
27,731    
27,470    
0.9%  
A20 
MONTAUBAN - BRIVE 
18,161    
17,844    
1.8%  
A54   
NIMES - ARLES   
42,681    
42,129    
1.3%  
A54   
ST MARTIN DE CRAU - SALON DE PROVENCE 
40,104    
39,472    
1.6%  
A61  
NARBONNE SUD - TOULOUSE SUD 
43,123    
42,651    
1.1%  
A62  
LA BREDE - TOULOUSE NORD 
33,074    
32,673    
1.2%  
A63  
COTE BASQUE (St Géours de Maremne - Biriatou) 
48,275    
46,812    
3.1%  
A64 
BRISCOUS - MARTRES TOLOSANE, A645 
20,728    
20,466    
1.3%  
A64Nd 
TOULOUSE - MURET 
40,112    
39,183    
2.4%  
A66 
PAMIERS - BIFURCATION A61-A66 (Toulouse)  
12,333    
12,097    
2.0%  
A68 
TOULOUSE - GEMIL 
46,104    
45,289    
1.8%  
A87 
ANGERS - LA ROCHE SUR YON 
15,545    
15,215    
2.2%  
A89 
ARVEYRES - BRIVE NORD 
14,259    
14,099    
1.1%  
A89 
BIFURCATION A20-A89 - BIFURCATION A89-A71 
11,975    
11,834    
1.2%  
A72 A89 
ST ETIENNE/LYON - CLERMONT FERRAND 
25,566    
25,851    
-1.1%  
PUY 
TUNNEL DU PUYMORENS 
1,487    
1,485    
0.1%  
ASF average network 
34,828  
34,377  
1.3% 
  
  
  
  
  
ESCOTA network 
  
  
  
A8 
AIX EN PROVENCE - Frontière Italienne 
66,964    
65,604    
2.1%  
A51 
AIX EN PROVENCE - GAP 
17,899    
17,672    
1.3%  
A52/A50 
AIX EN PROVENCE - AUBAGNE - TOULON 
53,123    
52,354    
1.5%  
A57 
TOULON - A8 
16,358    
16,127    
1.4%  
A500 
MONACO - A8 
21,782    
20,884    
4.3%  
ESCOTA average network 
45,496  
44,668   
1.9% 
  
  
  
  
  
ASF Group average network 
36,394    
35,888    
1.4%

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
ASF internal source. 
Tariffs 
The reference index used for the price increase on 1 February 2023 increased by 6.333 per cent. 
• For ASF, the average price increase on 1 February 2023 was 4.823 per cent. across all vehicle classes. 
• For Escota, the average price increase on 1 February 2023 was 4.683 per cent. across all vehicle classes. 
Toll collection  
Toll revenue amounted to €4.481 million in 2023 increased by 5.3 per cent. from the €4.254 million recorded in 2022. 
The breakdown is as follows: 
 (in € millions) 
  
Year 2023 
  
  
Year 2022 
  
% Change 
Group 
2023 vs 2022 
ASF 
Escota 
ASF+Escota 
ASF 
Escota 
ASF+Escota 
Toll revenue 
3,600 
880 
4,481 
3,422 
832 
4,254 
5.3% 
ASF internal source  
 
+ 2,1%
+ 1,3%
+ 1,0%
+ 1,2%
+ 1,8%
+ 3,7%
+ 2,1%
+ 0,9%
+ 1,8%
+ 1,1%
+ 3,1%
+ 2,4%
+ 1,8%
+ 2,2%
+ 1,1%
- 1,1%
+ 0,4%
+ 4,3%
+ 1,2%
+ 1,2%
+ 0,1%
+ 1,4%
+ 1,5%
+ 1,6%
+ 1,3%
+ 2,0%
+ 1,3%
+ 1,0%

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
The number of payment transactions increased by 1.9 per cent. to 789 million transactions in 2023 (775 million in 2022). 
Breakdown of ASF and Escota transactions by collection method: 
Type of transaction  
Year 2023 
Year 2022 
% Change 
2023 
breakdown 
2022 
breakdown 
(in millions) 
2023 vs 2022 
Automatic payments 
327 
329 
-0.5% 
41.4% 
42.4% 
ETC payments 
462 
446 
3.6% 
58.6% 
57.6% 
Total 
789 
775 
1.9% 
100.0% 
100.0% 
 
ETC meaning “Electronic Toll Collection” 
ASF internal source  
Capital expenditure 
During the year 2023. the ASF Group carried out construction work on the following main projects:  
• 
A61: Widening to 2x3 lanes – phase 1 (35km) 
• 
A9: Widening to 2x3 lanes from Le Boulou to Le Perthus (9 km) 
• 
A57: Widening to three-lane dual carriageway between Benoît Malon and Pierre Ronde (7 km) 
• 
A680: Widening to two-lane dual carriageway – Verfeil (9 km) 
• 
Montpellier West Bypass (6 km) 
 
Capital expenditure for 2023 totalled €463 million improving by 19 per cent from €389 million in 2022. Investments 
on existing motorways increased from €332 million to €398 million. 
Type of investment 
Year 2023 
Year 2022 
% Change 
Group 
2023 vs 2022 
(in € millions) 
ASF 
Escota 
ASF 
+ Escota 
ASF 
Escota 
ASF 
+ Escota 
Supplementary 
investments on 
motorways in service(1) 
205 
193 
398 
196 
136 
332 
20% 
Operating tangible fixed 
assets(1) 
48 
17 
65 
36 
20 
57 
15% 
Total 
252 
211 
463 
232 
156 
389 
19% 
(1) Including capitalised production, borrowing costs and grants. Excluding IFRS 16 impacts. 
ASF internal source 
Investments on motorways in service: 
Capital expenditure on existing motorways totalled €398 million in 2023 as follows: 
Item 
Year 2023 
Year 2022 
% 
ASF 
ESCOTA 
GROUP ASF ASF 
ESCOTA 
GROUP ASF 
Widenings 
93  
106  
200  
78  
73  
151  
32% 
Junctions and toll plazas 
8  
20  
29  
11  
16  
26  
8% 
Operating systems 
0  
0  
0  
0  
0  
0  
0% 
Tunnels 
0  
0  
0  
0  
0  
0  
0% 
Others 
103  
66  
169  
107  
48  
154  
10% 
Total in M € HT 
205  
193  
398  
196  
136  
332  
20% 
ASF internal source.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Infrastructure maintenance costs: 
Infrastructure maintenance consists of repairing damage caused by traffic, the ageing process or natural phenomena and 
also of upgrading the network and engineering structures to comply with new technical standards. 
Infrastructure maintenance plans are designed to optimise maintenance operations without compromising either road-
user safety or the ongoing upkeep of assets. 
In 2023 €123.8 million was spent on infrastructure maintenance charges. 
2023 main financial indicators:  
- 
Revenue excluding revenue from construction work: €4,585.0  million 
- 
Revenue from construction of new infrastructure assets: €394.0 million  
- 
Cost of net financial debt: €255.1 million 
- 
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent: €1,681.9 million 
- 
Cash flows from operations before tax and financing costs: €3,371.4  million  
- 
Net financial debt: €7,180.3 million 
- 
Ratio net financial debt / cash flows from operations before tax and financing costs: 2.1 
 
III AUDITORS 
Name of the Statutory Auditors 
KPMG Audit. a department of KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2. avenue Gambetta – 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
First appointed: 15 May 2006 
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2023 Financial Statements. At the Annual 
General Meeting on 22 March 2024, the term of KPMG Audit has not been re-appointed. 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
Tour Majunga  
6. place de la Pyramide– 92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
First appointed: 15 May 2006 
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2023 Financial Statements. At the Annual 
General Meeting on 22 March 2024, the term of Deloitte has not been re-appointed. 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  
63. avenue de Villiers- 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
First appointed: 22 March 2019  
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2024 Financial Statements. 
 
EY France 
Tour First – la Défense FR – 1 place des Saisons – 92400 Courbevoie 
First appointed: 22 March 2024 
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2029 Financial Statements. 
 
Alternate Auditors  
KPMG Audit ID 
Tour Eqho 
2. avenue Gambetta – 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
First appointed: 20 March 2012 
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2023 Financial Statements. At the Annual 
General Meeting on 22 March 2024, the term of KPMG Audit ID has not been re-appointed. 
 
BEAS SARL 
195. avenue Charles de Gaulle - 92524 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
First appointed: 15 May 2006 
Current term expires: at the close of the Shareholders Meeting to approve the 2023 financial statements. At the Annual 
General Meeting on 22 March 2024, the term of BEAS has not been re-appointed.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
ASF’s Statutory Auditors are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (official 
statutory auditors’ representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes 
(French High Council of Statutory Auditors).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 
Quarterly Financial Information6: 
 
As at 31 March 2024, ASF Group's total revenue stood at €9937 million, up by 2.7 per cent. in comparison with the first 
quarter 2023. 
Change in revenue of ASF Group's as at 31 March 2024: 
 
ASF 
Escota 
ASF Group 
Light vehicles 
-1.8% 
+1.5% 
-1.1% 
Heavy vehicles 
-5.3% 
+1.0% 
-4.5% 
Total Traffic 
-2.5% 
+1.4% 
-1.7% 
Other impacts 
+4.3% 
+3.5% 
+4.2% 
Toll revenue (in € millions) 
765 
204 
969 
2024 / 2023 change 
+1.8% 
+4.9% 
+2.5% 
 
 
 
 
Revenue (in € millions) 
785 
208 
993 
2024 / 2023 change 
+2.1% 
+5.0% 
+2.7% 
 
Dividends 
 
On 22 March 2024, the Shareholders' General Meeting approved the ASF financial statements and the payment no later 
than 31 March 2024 of a dividend of €7.24 per share in respect of the financial year ending 2023, amounting to 
€1,672,280,727.24. Taking account of the interim dividend of €2.37 per share paid in August 2023, the remaining final 
dividend paid in March 2024 was €4.87 per share, amounting to €1,124,862,864.87. 
 
 
 
 
 
6 Internal source.  
7 Excluding concession companies' revenue derived from works.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, the following documents will be available, during 
usual business hours on any weekday (excluding Saturdays and public holidays), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal 
Agent or each of the Paying Agents: 
(i) 
the statuts (Articles of Association) of the Issuer (available on the website of the Issuer); 
(ii) 
the published annual report including audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the two 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 (also available on the Issuer's website); 
(iii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market (also available for viewing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
website); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus (available on the website of the Issuer and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange); 
and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the relevant Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, copies of the latest published annual report including 
consolidated financial statements of the Group (in English and French) (in each case as soon as they are published) may 
be obtained at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents during usual business hours on any weekday 
(except Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 18 July 2024 
(the Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers (being all Dealers other than those appointed as 
such solely in respect of one or more specified Tranches), and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to 
the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers 
that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the 
time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that 
are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the 
Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any Notes, or possession or distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in certain 
transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold 
outside the United States in off-shore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver, Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and 
certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the lead manager, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the 
preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside 
the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in 
part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution 
of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any 
disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person 
within the United States is prohibited. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, that, it has only offered or sold and will only offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L. 411-
2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be 
distributed, and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors, this Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the 
Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to 
time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, pursuant to 
which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy 
and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 
August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB or other 
Italian authority. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been and will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or 
territory of Canada. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: (a) it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not 
offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, 
other than in compliance with applicable securities laws; and (b) it has not and will not distribute or deliver the Base 
Prospectus, or any other offering material in connection with any offering of Notes in Canada, other than in compliance 
with applicable securities laws. If the Notes may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, the issue of the Notes will 
be subject to such additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealers may agree from time to time. 
Each relevant Dealer will be required to agree that it will offer, sell and distribute such Notes only in compliance with 
such additional Canadian selling restrictions.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
WS0101.38016504.1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU as amended (MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]1 Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment, in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]3 Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
 
1 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only 
envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed 
necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are 
seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. 
2 Legend to be included following completion of the target assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
3 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only 
envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed 
necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are 
seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. 
4 Legend to be included only (i) if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR (depending on the location of the 
manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included) and (ii) following completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, on the basis of the relevant applicable provisions of English law.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
Autoroutes du Sud de la France 
 
Euro 14,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Issued by: Autoroutes du Sud de la France (the Issuer) 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the prospectus regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), 
as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus as so supplemented. The Base Prospectus, the Final Terms 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing (a) at the registered office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours and (b) on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] also available for viewing on the website of the 
Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com). [Copies may be obtained free of charge from [•], France.] [In addition5, the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] [•]].  
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which are the 
[[2012 EMTN Conditions /2013 EMTN Conditions /2015 EMTN Conditions /2016 EMTN Conditions /2017 EMTN 
Conditions /2018 EMTN Conditions /2022 EMTN Conditions / 2023 EMTN Conditions]] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the prospectus regulation (Regulation 2017/1129/EU, as amended) (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] 
thereto dated [•]]([together] the Base Prospectus), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing (a) at the 
registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours and (b) on the website of Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] also available for 
viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.vinci-autoroutes.com). [Copies may be obtained free of charge from 
 
5 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Autoroutes du Sud de la France [•].] [In addition6, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
[at/on] [•]].]7 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series: 
 
 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and form 
a single Series (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange] of the Temporary Global Certificate 
for interests in the Definitive Materialised Notes, as 
referred in paragraph 32(iii) below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date] (the Exchange Date).] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[•] (In case of Dual Currency Notes, specify the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated and the 
currency in which interest is payable)  
 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of Notes to be 
assimilated with a previous Tranche)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•]8 (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
(Not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency at the Issue Date) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
6 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
7 The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
8 Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less 
than one year must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] (further particulars specified 
in paragraph 15 below) 
[[EURIBOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, CORRA, TONA or any reference rate that 
might replace them] +/– [•] per cent.] Floating Rate] / 
[[•] per cent – [EURIBOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR, SARON, CORRA, TONA or any reference rate 
that might replace them] +/– [•] per cent.] (further 
particulars specified in paragraph 16 below) 
[Inverse Floating Rate] (further particulars specified 
in paragraph 17 below) 
[Formula Rates] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 18 below) 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 19 below) 
[Zero Coupon] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 20 below) 
[[CPI/HICP/RPI] Inflation Linked Interest] (further 
particulars specified in paragraph 21 below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[•] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] (further particulars specified in paragraph 28 
below) 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 29 below) 
[Instalment] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 30 below) 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer paragraph 19 below if 
details are included there) [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 27 below) 
[Call Option] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 23 below) 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 24 below) 
[Squeeze Out Option] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 26 below) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(further particulars specified in paragraph 25 below) 
14. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Subordinated/Unsubordinated Notes] (specify details 
for any provisions of Subordinated Notes notably 
whether dated or undated, if Condition 3(b)(i) applies 
to the Coupons, and if deferral interest provisions 
apply) 
(ii) 
Dates 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of 
the Notes: 
 
 
Authorisation of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated [•]  and decision of the [Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer] / [Chief Financial Officer of VINCI 
Autoroutes] dated [•]

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year (where applicable (adjusted pursuant 
to the (specify applicable Business Day Convention)) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
[•] per [•] in Nominal Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Specified Denomination payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in / on] [•]]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Act/365(Fixed) / 
A/365(Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-ISDA] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual ([ICMA]). 
In such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (vii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (vii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: [•] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (vii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (vii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(iii) Effective Date: 
[•] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•] (Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date ) 
(vi) 
Specified Duration: 
[•] 
(vii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Convention] (Insert "unadjusted" if the application of 
the relevant business day convention is not intended to 
affect the Interest Amount) 
(viii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[•] (give name and address) 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[•] (specify reference rate (EURIBOR, CMS Rate, 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, CORRA, TONA and 
months (e.g. EURIBOR 3 months) or any reference 
rate that might replace them) 
–  Relevant Time: 
[•] 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)]/[[Toronto, Ontario Banking Day(s) (if 
CORRA)] [Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA)]/[Zurich 
Banking Day(s) (if SARON)]/[T2 Business Day(s) (if 
€STR)] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]]  
(Second day on which the T2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR).   
– Representative Amount: 
[•] 
– Primary Source:  
[•] (Specify "Relevant Screen Page" or "Reference 
Banks") (In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this 
paragraph) 
– Relevant Screen Page (if 
Primary Source is a Relevant 
Screen Page): 
 
[•] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)/[Not Applicable] 
– Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is Reference Banks): 
 
(Specify four)/[Not Applicable] 
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
–  [SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound / SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in 
the case of SONIA) 
–  [SOFR 
Rate 
of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound 
/ SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound 
/ SOFR Index Average]] (Only applicable in the case 
of SOFR)

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
–  [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
–  [Observation Shift Days: 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON) 
–  [Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] T2 Business Days/London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/Toronto, 
Ontario Banking Days/Tokyo Banking Days ] [Not 
Applicable]] (Only applicable in the case of €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or TONA) 
–  [SOFR IndexStart : 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
–  [SOFR IndexEnd : 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
– Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of an interest accrual period (as per 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant interest 
accrual period(s) and the relevant two rates used for 
such determination) 
(xi) 
Margin (s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0) per cent. annum]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Act/365(Fixed) / 
A/365(Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-ISDA] 
(xv) Rate Multiplier: 
[•] 
(xvi) Exponent 
[•] 
17. 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Fixed Rate: 
[•] 
(ii)  
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(iii)  Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(iv)  First Interest Payment Date: 
[•]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•] (Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(vi)  Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] (Insert "unadjusted" if the application of 
the relevant business day convention is not intended to 
affect the Interest Amount) 
(vii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(ix)  Screen Rate Determination:  
 
–  
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
–  
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) shall apply 
–  
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
–  
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)]/[[Toronto, Ontario Banking Day(s) (if 
CORRA)]/[Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA)]/[Zurich 
Banking Day(s) (if SARON)]/[T2 Business Day(s) (if 
€STR)] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]]  
(Second day on which the T2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR).  
–  
Representative Amount: 
[•] 
–  
Primary Source: 
[•] (Specify "Relevant Screen Page" or "Reference 
Banks") (In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this 
paragraph) 
–  
Relevant Screen Page (if Primary 
Source is a Relevant Screen 
Page): 
 
[•] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)/[Not Applicable] 
–  
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is Reference Banks): 
 
(Specify four)/[Not Applicable] 
–  
Relevant Financial Centre:  
[•] 
–  
[SONIA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination:

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound / SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in 
the case of SONIA) 
–  
[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound 
/ SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound 
/ SOFR Index Average]] (Only applicable in the case 
of SOFR) 
–  
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
–  
[Observation Shift Days: 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON) 
–  
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] T2 Business Days/London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/Toronto, 
Ontario Banking Days/Tokyo Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable]] (Only applicable in the case of €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or TONA) 
–  
[SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
–  
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
–  
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of an interest accrual period (as per 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)), insert the relevant interest 
accrual period(s) and the relevant two rates used for 
such determination) 
(x)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/Zero (0) per cent. per annum as per Condition 
5(i)] 
(xi)  Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-
ISDA] 
18.  
Formula Rate Notes Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Floating Rate 1: 
Determined in accordance with Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note   
(ii)  
Floating Rate 2: 
Determined in accordance with Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note 
(iii)  Formula Rate: 
[[Floating Rate 1] + [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] - [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] X [Floating Rate 2]]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
[[Floating Rate 1] / [Floating Rate 2]] 
19.      Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Conversion Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms 
(v) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms 
(vi) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
(vii) 
Automatic Switch Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Minimum notice period required 
for 
notice 
from 
the 
Issuer/Noteholder(s): 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the [Switch Date] / 
[Automatic Switch Date] [Not Applicable]] 
20. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
21. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph; or (a) if applicable 
and in relation to CPI/HICP, delete (B) below; or (b) 
if applicable and in relation to RPI, delete (A) below) 
[(A) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):  
 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[•]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
(vii) Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Act/365(Fixed) / 
A/365(Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-ISDA] 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0) per cent. per annum]/[[•] per cent. per 
annum] 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum]] 
[(B) 
 
(i)  
Index: 
RPI 
(ii)  
Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the [Inflation 
Index Ratio]/[Limited Index Ratio]] 
(iii)  Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iv)  Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
(v)  
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference to Index is impossible or 
otherwise disrupted: 
 
 
 
 
Conditions [5(c)(v)(C)(d)] apply 
(vi)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
(vii)  Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(viii)  Business Day Convention(s): 
[[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / 
Floating 
Rate 
/ 
Eurodollar][Business 
Day] 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix)  Business Centre(s): 
[•]  
(x)  
 Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(xi)  Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(xii)  Limited 
Indexation 
Date 
or 
Month(s) 
for 
calculation 
of 
Limited Indexation Factor: 
 
 
Any [date]/[month] falling during the period from and 
including [•] to but excluding [•]  
(xiii)   Base Index Figure: 
[•] 
(xiv)  Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)/include 
any 
other option from the Conditions] 
(xv)  "Index" or "Index Figure": 
Sub-paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of 
"Index" or "Index Figure" as set out in Condition 
5(c)(v)(C) shall apply 
(xvi)   Reference Gilt: 
[•] 
(xvii)  Indexation Advisor: 
[•]] 
22. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, details in paragraphs 16, 17 or 18 shall 
also be specified depending on the applicable interest 
basis. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[•]  
(ii) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note9: 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount: [•] 
Y = [•] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating to the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
–  Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
 
9 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
–  Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•]  
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] 
24. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date:  
 
[•] 
(ii) 
Notice period10: 
[•] 
25. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin:   
[•] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Rate: 
 
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference Screen Rate]  
(iii) Reference Screen Rate:  
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(iv) 
Reference Security:  
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(v) 
Reference Dealers:  
[Not Applicable/As set out in Condition 6(d)]  
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
26. 
Squeeze Out Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
10 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
27. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note11: 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount: [•] 
Y = [•] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating to the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
–  Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
–  Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
28. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note12: 
[[•] per Note [of [•] specified denomination]/[Not 
Applicable]13]  
29. 
Inflation Linked Notes - Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
(ii)  
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(c) applies] 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
 
11 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes. 
12 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes. 
13 Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
30. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
(ii)  
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
(iii)  
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
(v)  
Extended Instalment Date(s) : 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons (Condition 
6(g)), for illegality (Condition 
6(j)) or on event of default 
(Condition 9):14 
 
 
 
 
 
[[Condition 6(f)(i)]/[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A)]/[Condition 
6(f)(iii)(A)] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating to the Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
–  Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
–  Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Early 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
32. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) (Delete 
as appropriate) 
 
14 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)[/Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif)]]  
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and details 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Notes only.)] 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
on the Exchange Date, being forty (40) calendar days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
33. 
Possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
34. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/ Specify any other applicable 
Financial Centre]. (Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub-paragraph 16(vi) relates)]. 
35. 
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes). 
36. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
37. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions [in Condition 13(b)] 
apply] 
38. 
Masse: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [•]] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[•]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [•]]. 
 
GENERAL 
 
 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at 
the rate of [] producing a sum of (only 
for Notes which are not denominated in 
Euros): 
[•]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the [specify relevant 
regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 14,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme 
of ASF.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]15  
Signed on behalf of Autoroutes du Sud de la France: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
15  Include if third party information is provided, for example in compliance with Annex 17 of the Delegated Regulation 2019/980 
in relation to an index or its components, an underlying security or the issuer of an underlying security.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) (a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [•].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [•].]  
[Not Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities of the same 
class of the Notes to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]  
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated:  
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
[Moody's Investors Services Espana S.A.: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the EU CRA Regulation)] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.] The list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation is published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).]16 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the EU CRA Regulation)[.][, but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
16 Applicable only if the rating of the Notes is assigned by a rating agency other than S&P.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).]. 
 
[[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the UK CRA Regulation).] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
a specific issuance of Notes under the Programme.) 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, 
e.g.: According to Moodys' rating system, obligations rated 
"A" are judged to be upper- medium grade with low credit 
risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to 
each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". 
The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates 
a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated "A" is 
somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations 
in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity 
to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still 
strong. The addition of pluses and minuses provides further 
distinctions within the ratings range.] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Notes, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
[(i)] Use of proceeds: 
 
[[General corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute 
[green/social/sustainability] Notes and the net proceeds of 
the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to finance 
or refinance its investments in one or more of the eligible 
projects described below:]/(Other specify)

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
[•] (if applicable, describe eligible (i) green projects (ii) 
social projects, or (iii) sustainability projects (being a 
combination of both green and social projects) and/or 
availability of any relevant framework, third party opinions 
and/or where information can be obtained, etc…)] 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] (If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
5. 
[YIELD - Fixed Rate Notes only 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
6. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND BENCHMARKS 
 
(i) Historic interest rates: 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR, SARON, CORRA, TONA] rates can be obtained 
from [Reuters/Bloomberg/other].]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [•] which is provided by [•]. [As at [•],[•] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
[European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
(the Benchmarks Regulation)]/[the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK BMR)]. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[•], as administrator of [•] is 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
[Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR]]/[the transitional 
provisions 
in 
Article 
51 
of 
the 
[Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
[European 
Union]/[United 
Kingdom], 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable]]] 17 
 
7. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION - Inflation Linked Notes only 
(i) Name of the Index: 
[CPI]/[HICP]/[RPI]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Information about the Index, its 
volatility and where past and future 
performance can be obtained: 
 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
17 Insert only in case of Notes referencing a benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained)] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
FISN Code: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] / [Not Available] (If the FISN is not 
required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
CFI Code: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] / [Not Available] (If the CFI is not 
required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
Bank 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
BNP Paribas acting through its Securities Services business 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
[•] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)  
If syndicated:  
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
(B) 
[Date of Subscription 
Agreement]: 
 
(C) Stabilisation Managers(s) 
(if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
[•] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
10. 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING - DERIVATIVES ONLY 
Name and address of the coordinator(s) 
of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer and, to the extend known to the 
issuer or to the offeror, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
 
 
 
 
[•] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or under 'best effort' 
arrangements. Where not all of the issue 
is underwritten, a statement of the 
portion not covered: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[•]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority in Luxembourg 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 18 July 2025. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with 
the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes 
constitute obligations under French law, require the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d’Administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article L.228-40 of the French Commercial Code (Code 
de commerce). For this purpose the Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) of the Issuer has 
delegated by a resolution passed on 2 February 2024 to Mr. Pierre Coppey (Président-Directeur Général) 
and Mr. Frédéric Vautier (Directeur Financier de VINCI Autoroutes), all powers to issue obligations and 
to determine their Final Terms and conditions, up to a maximum aggregate amount of €2,000,000,000 
within a period of one year as from the date of such resolution. Any issuance of Notes, to the extent that 
such Notes do not constitute obligations under French law, fall within the general powers of the Président-
Directeur Général and the Directeur Financier de VINCI Autoroutes. 
(3) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Autoroutes du Sud de la France is 213800U12KWYZEECZ934. 
(4) 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records or any other relevant clearing system. The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(5) 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France. 
(6) 
The name and address of the Issuer's auditors having audited the Issuer's financial statements for the two 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 are set out in "Description of the Issuer – Statutory 
Auditors" above. 
(7) 
Save as disclosed in the "Recent Developments" section above, there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023.  
(8) 
Save as disclosed in the "Recent Developments" section above, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2023.  
(9) 
The Issuer is or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending and threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve (12) months 
preceding the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability.  
(10) 
The Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) elects domicile at the registered office of the Issuer. The 
address of this office is 1973 boulevard de la Défense – 92000 Nanterre, France.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(11) 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
(12) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") of 
Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a higher level than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) 
calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
(13) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks 
Regulation or the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the UK BMR). In this case, the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of an issue of Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Inverse Floating Rate Notes will specify 
the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the register 
of administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation or on the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK BMR is a matter 
of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
EURIBOR is administered by the European Money Markets Institute, which appears on the 
register of administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation; 
(b) 
CMS Rate is administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, which appears on the 
register of administrators established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK 
BMR; 
(c) 
€STR is administered by the European Central Bank, which does not appear on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the European Central Bank is not required to be registered 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation; 
(d) 
SONIA is administered by the Bank of England, which does not appear on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England is not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation; 
(e) 
SOFR is administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which does not appear on the 
register of administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation; 
(f) 
CORRA is administered by the Bank of Canada, which does not appear on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of Canada is not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation;  
(g) 
TONA is administered by the Bank of Japan, which does not appear on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation; as far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of Japan is not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation; and

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
(h) 
SARON is administered by SIX Financial Information AG, which appears on the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Autoroutes du Sud de la France  
1973, boulevard de la Défense 
92000 Nanterre  
France 
Telephone: +33 (0)1 55 94 70 00 
 
Arranger 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers  
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA  
C/ Sauceda, 28  
Edificio Asia - 1st Floor   
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland  
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
  
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower One, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Natixis  
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58,  
60311 Frankfurt  
Germany   
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas  
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Corporate Trust Services 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho – 2 avenue Gambetta 
92923 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
(until March 22, 2024) 
 
Deloitte 
Tour Majunga  
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris la-Défense Cedex 
France 
(until March 22, 2024) 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  
63, avenue de Villiers-  
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
EY France 
Tour First – la Défense FR 
1, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
To the Issuer 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
75008 Paris 
France 
To the Arranger and the Dealers 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde  
75008 Paris 
France