--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
Avinor AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Avinor AS (the Issuer or Avinor) 
may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). The Notes may be issued in bearer form or uncertificated book entry form (the VPS Notes) 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the VPS). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer 
and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this 
Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see 
“Risk Factors”. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The CSSF only 
approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Offering Circular.  Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Offering Circular, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions contemplated by this Offering Circular or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as defined 
below)) to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have 
been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  References in this Offering Circular to VPS Notes being listed (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Each of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt 
Notes (as defined below)) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing 
Supplement).

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue 
of any such Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to listing on the Official List of and to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if 
applicable). The applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of the issue of any Exempt Notes will specify whether or not 
such Exempt Notes will be admitted to listing or trading on any non-EEA listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, if applicable. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 12 December 2025 in relation 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Offering 
Circular to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Offering Circular in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and A1 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
(Moody’s). S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). As such S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation). Moody’s is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA 
Regulation. Accordingly, the ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s 
Deutschland) in accordance with the CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. Moody’s Deutschland is 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such Moody’s Deutschland is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency.  A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Danske Bank 
DNB Markets 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
SEB 
The date of this Offering Circular is 12 December 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Offering 
Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case) the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in 
it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Offering Circular shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular refers does not 
form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Offering Circular 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent 
to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, NIBOR and/or STIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes). As at the date of this Offering Circular, the European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) are included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering 
Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these 
purposes, the Kingdom of Norway, The Netherlands and Belgium), the UK, Japan and Singapore, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of persons 
domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the 
registration in the VPS (as defined herein) of VPS Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Offering Circular, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars refer to United States dollars; 
• 
NOK refers to Norwegian Kroner; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and  
• 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 27 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 29 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 32 
Form of Pricing Supplement............................................................................................................................. 43 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes ......................................................................... 55 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes .......................................................................................................... 85 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 113 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 114 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 136 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 139 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 145

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Avinor AS 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5967007LIEEXZX8ZW078 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below and include 
financial risks, business specific risks and other risks.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme.  These are set out under “Risk 
Factors” and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks.  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers: 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Danske Bank A/S  
 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Offering Circular. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing, Principal Paying and Listing 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
VPS Agent: 
DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. 
dollars, yen and any other currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement.   
Each Note (other than VPS Notes) will on issue be represented 
by a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title.  Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by the crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with the VPS.  VPS 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer form and vice 
versa.  See “Form of the Notes” below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
 
(b) 
in the case of Exempt Notes, on such other basis as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each term 
as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes), 
as further described in Condition 4.2(h) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and Condition 
4.2(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and this general description of the 
Programme, in which event the relevant provisions will be 
included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Note, which is not a Zero Coupon Note or an Exempt Note, will 
be redeemed at an amount equal to at least 100 per cent. of its 
nominal amount on its scheduled maturity date. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 7 
of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes.  In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 7 
of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 3 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 9 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 3 
of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Rating: 
The Issuer has been rated A by S&P and A1 by Moody’s.  Series 
of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, and will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating 
agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus.  Application has also been made 
for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes and admit VPS 
Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. Any such applications will be in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS 
Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange from time to time. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be VPS Notes or not and whether such 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such Notes will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
 
The VPS Notes (save for Conditions 2, 12, 13 and 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. Conditions 2, 12, 13 and 14  of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes will be governed by and construed 
in accordance with Norwegian law. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities 
Depository Act of 15 March 2019 No. 6, as amended from time 
to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the 
rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise 
under this Act and any related regulations and legislation.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, the 
Kingdom of Norway, The Netherlands and Belgium), the UK, 
Japan, Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.  TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of risks which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all such 
risks, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risks and certain risks which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer 
has identified in this Offering Circular several risks which could have a materially adverse effect on its 
business and the ability to make payments due and fulfil other obligations stated in this Programme. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME   
In the text below the risks that are considered most material, are presented first.  
Risks related to air traffic volumes  
The traffic income of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the Group) could decline as a result of a reduction in the 
number of flights, passengers or other factors outside the Group's control.  The Group generates traffic income 
from airport and air traffic charges based on passenger numbers, maximum total aircraft weight and distance 
flown.  There are no specific operating contracts with the airlines operating at the Group's airports which 
provide for a specified traffic volume.  Decisions by, legal disputes with, financial difficulties at, withdrawal 
of landing rights of, or the failure of, a significant airline customer, could lead to a reduction in flights and 
passenger numbers and failure or delay in recovering airport charges or air traffic charges.  With no operating 
contract between the Group and its airline customers in place, the effect of decisions by, or events at, airlines 
that have a major presence at the Group's airports could have a particularly material adverse effect on traffic 
income for the Group.  There can therefore be no assurance as to the level of the Group's future traffic income 
from any one or more airline operators.  Such potential reductions in traffic income and the Group's high degree 
of fixed capacity costs and regulated staffing levels make the Group's earnings and financial value vulnerable 
to changes in air traffic volumes.   
The number of passengers using the airports may be affected by several factors outside Avinor's control, as 
exemplified below, each of which could have a materially adverse effect on the general demand for air 
transport, and therefore the Issuer's operations, business and ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes:  
• 
Pandemics, epidemics and health scares, and any travel restrictions imposed as a result of any of these.   
• 
Weather phenomena, such as volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, 
droughts or wildfires, or the indirect consequences of these at Avinor's locations or at other locations 
with significant traffic volumes to or from Avinor's airports or across Norwegian airspace. 
• 
Any regulatory change imposed by the Norwegian or any other government affecting air traffic from 
or to any of Avinor's airports or across Norwegian airspace.   
• 
Climate risks are traditionally divided into physical risks and transition risks.  Physical risks are 
associated with the direct consequences of climate change, such as higher temperatures and more 
extreme weather.  Transition risks are related to society's adaptations to climate change, such as new 
laws and regulations, new technologies, and changing demand from investors and consumers.  If not 
properly planned for, physical risks can affect punctuality and regularity, as well as increase future

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
operating costs and investments.  Transition risks can include national and international political 
interference and consumer preferences, thus impacting the demand for air travel. 
• 
Political instability, civil disorder, strikes, insurrections, acts of terrorism, acts of war, sanctions, trade 
disputes or other forms of geopolitical events, instability, or unrest in international regions with 
significant traffic volumes to or from Avinor's airports.  Hostile retaliation, because of such events, 
against physical or digital aviation infrastructure or airport staff may also result in limited or no traffic 
between the respective regions and Avinor's airports.    
• 
Collective international sanctions against countries or regions in general or against airlines or other 
aviation related companies from the countries or regions subject to the sanctions may impact Avinor's 
traffic volumes negatively.  
• 
International geopolitical conflicts or other events may contribute to increased prices on Avinor's input 
factors such as fuel, insurance prices or security costs, each of which ultimately leads to increased 
prices on air travel and indirectly affect air traffic volumes negatively.  
• 
Airlines' decisions regarding the number, type and capacity of the aircrafts used on routes to or from 
Avinor airports or across Norwegian airspace.  
• 
Global, regional or national macroeconomic events, which affect the economy. 
• 
Competition from non-Avinor Norwegian airports or non-Norwegian airports.  
• 
Changes in domestic or international regulation, including for instance international trade 
liberalisation developments such as Open Skies 
• 
Passengers and airlines perception of the quality of services and facilities at Avinor's airports.  
• 
Changes in travel habits. 
• 
The impact of construction projects at Avinor's airports and on other infrastructure projects impacting 
passengers on their way to and from Avinor's airports. 
• 
The development of efficient and viable alternatives to air travel, including the improvement or 
expansion of existing surface transport systems, the introduction of new transport links or technology 
and the increased use of communications technology. 
Furthermore, a decrease in passenger numbers or other factors outside the Group's control could reduce non-
traffic income.  The Group's principal sources of non-traffic income include retail concession fees, car parking 
income, property rental income and income from the provision of operational facilities and utilities.  
Retail income at Avinor's airports, via retail concession fees, are driven by passenger numbers and the 
propensity of the passengers to spend in the airport shops, which again is impacted by a number of factors: 
• 
Changes in the passenger mix, for example changes in the mix of long, short-haul and transfer 
passengers. 
• 
Macroeconomic factors, for example changes in exchange and/or interest rates.  
• 
Processes and incidents impacting the retail offering at the Group's airports, for example: 
• 
retail tenant failures including bankruptcies; 
• 
lower retail yields on lease contracts caused by re-negotiations with tenants; and 
• 
redevelopment, reconfiguration or refurbishment of retail facilities at the airports, which may 
cause a temporary or permanent decline of customers and ultimately a decline in retail 
concession fees. 
• 
Reduced competitiveness of the airport retail offering relative to the retail offering elsewhere. 
• 
Stricter hand luggage and other carry-on restrictions.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
• 
Reduced shopping time for passengers at the airport as a result of more rigorous and time-consuming 
security procedures. 
Car parking income may be reduced as a result of increased competition from public transportation to and from 
the airports, as well as increased competition from private car parking facilities outside the airport and terminal 
area.   
Duty free shopping for tobacco and alcohol in Avinor's airports is subject to specific quotas on volumes per 
passenger, as set out in Norwegian law.  Duty free shopping in Avinor's airports is primarily based on turnover 
based lease agreements between third party tenants and Avinor, and reductions in these quotas in the future, 
as well as changes in consumer demand and preferences, may negatively impact Avinor's commercial income.  
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations, and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Political and Regulatory Risk 
The business framework which Avinor operates within is influenced by political decisions and potential 
changes in the applicable regulatory frameworks, including tax regulations, aviation charges regulation, 
changes in security and safety regulations, as well as general conditions and regulations applicable to the 
aviation industry at large in the Norwegian market and the ongoing politically led process of strengthening 
Avinor's financial results through proposed changes in regulations regarding income, scope of services, asset-
base and the overall financing model of Avinor.  These factors may influence the Group's production capacity, 
revenues or profits, and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Several regulatory issues may in general have an impact on the Group's financial position, including: 
• 
Changes in sectoral policy guidelines and social obligations. 
• 
Changes in regulatory requirements relating to safety, security, aviation charges, environment and 
information and communications technology. 
• 
Changes in current requirements concerning airport structure, service and quality level. 
• 
Changes in framework conditions relating to continued commercial business development. 
• 
Changes in the framework conditions relating to duty free sales. 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations, and therefore affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Political risk related to the Avinor model 
The Group has been in a demanding financial situation ever since the COVID-19 pandemic.  This is a result 
of several factors, including that airport charges (which are set by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport (the 
MT) following suggestions from Avinor and dialogue with the major airlines in the Norwegian market) have 
not been adjusted for a number of years in accordance with the rise in inflation.  Furthermore, there has been 
two rounds of cuts in duty free quotas in 2023 and 2022, whilst traffic recovery following the COVID-19 
pandemic has been slower than expected.  Overall, this has led to weaker growth in both traffic and commercial 
revenues for the Group.  In addition, the Group has been given more societal tasks by the MT without 
corresponding cost compensation and tasked with implementation of several large projects that must be 
partially covered by the Group.  There has been dialogue with the MT that Avinor alone does not have the 
capacity to manage this under the current framework and that there is a need for a financially sound long-term

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
framework (see " Description of the Issuer – Business – Traffic income – charges from airlines" for further 
information). 
In the proposal for the state budget for 2025, the MT proposed several measures to address this. Most 
importantly, it proposed that Avinor is allowed, for a period up to five years, to increase airport charges in 
excess of the general price level adjustment through a multi-year binding framework for how charges are to 
be developed. Furthermore, the state budget proposed that the air passenger tax currently received by the 
Norwegian state should be reduced and that Avinor could increase airport charges accordingly. At the same 
time, contribution from Avinor is also expected through improvement of results after a critical review of own 
costs and operational efficiency.  
In a letter dated 20 November 2024 and entitled "Determination of airport charges for Avinor's airports", the 
MT confirmed its objective to avoid impairment of Avinor's assets with a multi-year binding decision on the 
process for determining airport charges, and specifically that an increase in airport charges of about NOK 1.7 
billion implemented over the next three to five years would be required compared to current levels. This 
amount included the previous proposal to redistribute NOK 600 million from the passenger tax received by 
the state on airport charges for Avinor’s benefit.  
A final concluding framework resolution is not in place yet as of the date of this Offering Circular, but is 
expected during December 2024.  
State ownership of Avinor AS  
Political and economic policies of the Norwegian state could affect the Group's business and financial position, 
and therefore affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  This may be reflected in 
decisions relating to the pursuance of the Group's commercial and financial interests, including those relating 
to dividend distribution policy and/or its strategy on development and operation of airports and air navigation 
services.   
The consideration by the MT to separate the ownership of the Avinor owned subsidiary, Avinor Flysikring 
AS, from Avinor, has for the time being put on hold by the MT.  Avinor has received no indications as to if, 
or when, this discussion will be continued.   
A disposal of any or all the shares in Avinor Flysikring AS on arm's length terms will, however, not constitute 
an Event of Default as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Avinor may be negatively impacted by cybersecurity threats and information security incidents 
Avinor's operations are dependent on its own information technology systems and those of its third-party 
service providers.  Any loss of integrity either through a data leak, cyber-attack or information security 
breaches could impair Avinor's operations and lead to incremental costs, poor decision making or could result 
in long lasting disruptions.  The risk of cyber-crime has increased and is expected to increase further, especially 
as infiltrating technology is becoming increasingly sophisticated, and there can be no assurance that Avinor 
will be able to prevent all threats.  This could result in material losses of client or customer information, damage 
Avinor's reputation and lead to regulatory penalties and financial losses, and therefore have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Avinor is subject to the risk of sensitive information being leaked or provided unintentionally to competitors, 
unauthorised access to data, virus infection of information systems and the loss of information.  There is a risk 
that Avinor fails to implement or update technologies, processes and practices designed to protect networks, 
computers, programmes and data from attacks, damage or unauthorised access.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Avinor is subject to significant obligations in respect of data protection legislation and failure to comply with 
such obligations may subject Avinor to regulatory action (including administrative fines) or civil claims, which 
could be substantial.  These risks, actions and claims, if materialised, may have a material adverse effect on 
effect on Avinor's finances and the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Risks related to investment activities 
The Group runs on-going investment programs to update, renew and maintain airport infrastructure and other 
assets.  The ability to manage these investment programs within set time and cost frames is vital for the Group's 
profitability.  Inherent project risk and changes in financing regimes and political trends, may affect the liability 
of these investments and, as a result, the financial condition of the Group.  Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 
2020 and 2021, Avinor postponed certain investment activities, which caused a back log of required 
maintenance of assets and other investment activities to be prioritised ahead of potential new investment 
opportunities for the coming years.  See also " Description of the Issuer – Planned and on-going development 
projects".   
On a general basis there are technical, economic and regulatory risks associated with all air navigation projects, 
and the failure to successfully implement such projects could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business and results of operations, and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Financial market and credit risks 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect to the value of NOK against other currencies 
caused by income and expenses in foreign currency.  The Group's income from en-route charges is exposed to 
foreign exchange risk while some contractual payments are stipulated in foreign currencies.  A failure by the 
Issuer to effectively manage its foreign exchange risk could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
finances and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Interest rate risk  
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through its financial activities.  Parts of the Group's borrowings are 
issued at floating interest rates, which means that the Group's finance cost is influenced by changes in the 
interest rates.  The objective of the Group's interest rate risk management is to keep the volatility of future 
interest costs within acceptable limits.  The Group's policy is that at least 60 per cent. of all of its long-term 
loans have fixed interest rates at all times.  A failure by the Issuer to effectively manage its interest rate risk 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's finances and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Liquidity and funding risk  
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations when they are due.  
Avinor depends on the availability of funding and credit to finance future development plans and projects 
and/or to refinance existing facilities and debt.  No assurance can be given that the capital markets and/or 
syndication markets in which banks operate will be accessible and able to provide debt financing in such 
amounts and on such terms as may be required at the relevant time. 
A failure by the Issuer to effectively manage its liquidity and funding risks could result in the Issuer not being 
able to meet its financial obligations when they fall due, and therefore have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's finances.  As a result, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Power price risk 
The Group is a consumer of electrical power, and its financial performance is hence exposed to the power 
price.  In order to mitigate power price risk, the Group has entered into bilateral physical power contracts with 
the Norwegian state-owned renewable energy producer Statkraft Energi AS. Statkraft Energi AS has a credit 
rating of A (stable outlook) by Standard and Poor's as of October 2024.  At the date of the Offering Circular 
approximately 100 per cent. of the Group's anticipated power consumption for 2025 is covered by such 
contracts as well as some of the consumption for the years 2026 - 2028.  Anticipated consumption in 2025 is 
approximately 225 GWh.  The market value of these contracts as of the financial period ended 30 September 
2024 was -57 million NOK.   
Inflation risk  
The Norwegian economy has, in 2022 and the first half of 2023, experienced rising inflation.  To address 
inflationary pressures, central banks raised interest rates.  Since June 2023, inflation in Norway has come down 
significantly.  Measured by the Consumer Price Index, the 12-month price growth was 3.0 per cent. as of 
September 2024 and 2.6 per cent as of October 2024.  
The Group is reliant on its ability and capacity to complete on-going projects on time and at cost and within 
the defined quality requirements.  Inflation, in particular related to the building and construction industry, but 
also in and other business-critical service areas, may hamper the Group's ability to complete projects according 
to plan and budget, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and results of 
operations, and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
General costs, non-project related, such as salaries are also impacted negatively by rising inflation.  Avinor's 
ability to increase revenues from customers accordingly is limited because airline charges are set by the 
Ministry of Transport (the MT) independently of the development in inflation.   
Rising inflation and increases in interest rates globally leads to diminishing purchase power for consumers 
which may cause a further reduction in travelling volumes as there is a risk that consumers will not prioritise 
leisure travels.  Businesses may also cut back on travel activities due to rising inflation and a rising cost base.   
Avinor's insurance coverage might not be adequate or available in all circumstances  
Avinor seeks to insure all reasonable risks, including the risk arising from business interruption resulting from 
physical loss or damage to its assets as well as relevant liability insurances.  There can be no assurance, 
however, that the insurance policies provide adequate and sufficient cover for all events and incidents affecting 
Avinor.  An event or incident could therefore have a material adverse effect on Avinor's business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition, and therefore have a material adverse effect on the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  In addition, the insurance policies of Avinor do not protect 
Avinor against reputational harm that may arise as a result of an event or an incident.  
The market for some insurance policies is limited, and as a result Avinor may have difficulties obtaining 
insurance coverage in the future.  Also, any extension or replacement of existing insurance policies may be for 
reduced coverage only, at less favourable terms, or against higher premiums.  These circumstances, including 
any failure to obtain insurance or to collect under relevant insurance policies, could have a material adverse 
effect on Avinor's finances and the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Credit risk 
The Group's credit risks are mainly connected to airlines and air traffic-related industries.  To the extent such 
customers cannot fulfil their obligations to the Group, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
The Group has guidelines to limit exposure to possible losses.  The Group has not made any third-party 
guarantees.  
Maximum risk exposure is illustrated by the carried amounts of the financial assets, including derivatives in 
Avinor's balance sheet.  Avinor's policy is that counterparties in financial contracts, including derivative 
transactions should have a minimum credit rating of BBB+ or similar, so the perceived credit risk is limited.  
On this basis, Avinor considers the credit risk connected to derivatives on its balance sheet as small.  The 
Group's assessment is that its maximum credit exposure is illustrated by the carried amounts of trade 
receivables and other short-term assets.  A failure by the Issuer to effectively manage its credit risks could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's finances and therefore affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Environmental issues 
Aviation affects both the local and the global environment.  The environmental impact of the airport business 
relates primarily to aircraft noise; local air-, water- and ground pollution; and aircraft emissions that may have 
an impact on the global climate.  
The Group is subject to several environmental laws, regulations, environmental expectations and reporting 
requirements, which are changing and evolving over time.  Most significantly, individual environmental 
permits are granted for all of Avinor's 43 airports, in accordance with the Pollution Control Act.  These regulate 
matters such as discharges of de-icing chemicals, firefighting foams and risk assessments at the airport.  With 
regards to aircraft noise, the Oslo Airport is subject to specific regulation, whereas the other airports are 
regulated by the general noise requirements under the Pollution Control Act.  The Group is also subject to 
legislation which regulates, amongst other things, biodiversity and cultural heritage.  However, lack of 
compliance with the relevant regulations may result in withdrawal of permits which are required to keep 
airports open and a consequent reduction in income, which will have an impact on the Group's business and 
results of operations and therefore affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  For further 
information, see "Description of the Issuer –Environmental, Social and Governance matters".  
PFAS  
PFAS are fluorine organic compounds that were previously added to fire foam, and which have spread to the 
ground at the airports where such foams were used and they are now leaking out to the surrounding natural 
environment.  These pollutants pose a risk of damage to the local natural environment and human health.  
Norway has committed internationally to reducing emissions and leakage of these compounds.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, clean-up operations have been completed or are ongoing at nine 
airports.  Pursuant to an order from the Norwegian Environment Agency, clean-up at six more airports is 
planned to be completed by 2027, in addition to mapping the pollution situation at a further 13 airports.  The 
total cost for these activities is uncertain but expected to be significant, however subject to choice of 
technology.  Total provision related to external environment clean-up costs as of 30 September 2024 is NOK 
858 million.  The provision related to external environment clean-up will be updated in future accounting 
periods when more information is available.  Avinor has ongoing dialogue with the Norwegian Environment 
Agency on this topic.  
Please also see section "Description of the Issuer – Environmental, Social and Governance matters – PFAS" 
for further details.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks”. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR) 
are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing 
such a benchmark.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group 
issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as further described 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes) occurs. Such fallback arrangements will result in any Note linked to or referencing such benchmark 
performing differently than they would if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. 
No consent of the Noteholders, Couponholders, or VPS Noteholders, as applicable, shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant fallback arrangements.  
In certain circumstances (including where, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (each as defined in the conditions of the Notes)), the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, 
and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, 
without the consent of holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, agree to any modification of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the holders of Notes other than VPS Notes and the Couponholders as 
described in Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the VPS Trustee may, without the consent of the holders of VPS 
Notes, make certain modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes or the VPS Trustee 
Agreement without the prior consent or sanction of such holders of VPS Notes, as further detailed in the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes and the VPS Trustee Agreement. The VPS Trustee must notify the holders 
of VPS Notes of a proposal to effect such modification and the holders of VPS Notes then have at least five 
Business Days to protest. If a protest is made, then the relevant modification will not be made. If there is no 
protest, then the relevant modification will be binding on the holders of VPS Notes. 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with its 
creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and Governance 
Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial difficulties.  Should this 
happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and can vote on any such Plan 
(subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no genuine economic interest in the 
Issuer).  Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic 
interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who 
did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the “relevant 
alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where 
it would be a proper exercise of its discretion.  A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members, 
regardless of whether they approved it.  Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the Issuer may, therefore, 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes, as it may 
have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for example, writing down the 
principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or dates on which 
any payments are due or substituting the Issuer).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Norwegian Withholding Tax 
Norway has imposed a withholding tax on certain payments of interest from 1 July 2021. The rules limit the 
scope of this withholding tax to interest payments made to related parties resident within low tax jurisdictions. 
If any withholding or deduction is made for or on account of withholding tax imposed by Norway due to the 
application of the Norwegian Tax Act, payments by the Issuer to Noteholders who are related parties (as such 
term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-82) of the Issuer and are tax resident in low-tax 
jurisdictions (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-63) may be affected, given that the 
Issuer does not have to pay any additional amounts in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 7(d) (in the case 
of Notes other than VPS Notes) and Condition 7(b) (in the case of VPS Notes). Consequently, in such event 
the affected Noteholders will only be entitled to receive interest payments under the Notes net of withholding 
tax; meaning that the amount of the payment due from the Issuer will be made after any withholding or 
deduction is made for or on account of the Norwegian Tax Act. Potential investors should consult their 
professional advisers as to the tax consequences of the Norwegian Tax Act in Norwegian law in relation to 
their investment in the Notes. 
Potential Issuer Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 (in the case of 
both Notes other than VPS Notes and VPS Notes), the Issuer may (subject to the conditions set out therein) 
exercise its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6.2 (in the case of both Notes other than VPS and 
VPS Notes).  
As the withholding tax regime is in effect prior to the Issue Date of any Notes, the Issuer cannot use this to 
exercise its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6.2, however, it cannot be excluded that Norway 
could extend the withholding tax regime to a wider range of creditors in the future, including one or more 
holder of Notes. Hence, there is a risk that an extension of the withholding tax rules on payments under the 
Notes will entitle the Issuer to redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with such Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular.   
The Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (save for Conditions 2, 12, 13 and 14 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such Notes are 
based on English law; Conditions 2, 12, 13 and 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes are governed 
by Norwegian law, in each case as in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Norwegian 
law or administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.   
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation and/or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Offering Circular shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the independent auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 of the Issuer (which is published on the website of the Issuer and is 
available 
via 
https://avinor.no/contentassets/b5d94158f9de40709e917343fde524aa/avinor_arsrapport_2023-
eng.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
 
Income Statement .............................................................  
Page 99 
Statement of Other Comprehensive Income .....................  
Page 100 
Statement of Financial Position ........................................  
Pages 101 to 102 
Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................  
Page 103 
Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................  
Page 104 
Notes to the Financial Statements ....................................  
Pages 106 to 163 
Independent Auditor’s Report ..........................................  
Pages 167 to 171 
Alternative Performance Measures ..................................  
Pages 173 to 175 
(b) 
the independent auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 of the Issuer (which is published on the website of the Issuer and is 
available via https://avinor.no/contentassets/b5d94158f9de40709e917343fde524aa/avinor-annual-
report-2022.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Income Statement .............................................................  
Page 92 
Statement of Other Comprehensive Income .....................  
Page 93 
Statement of Financial Position ........................................  
Pages 94 to 95 
Statement of Changes in Equity .......................................  
Page 96 
Statement of Cash Flows ..................................................  
Page 97 
Notes to the Financial Statements ....................................  
Pages 100 to 150 
Independent Auditor’s Report ..........................................  
Pages 153 to 156 
Alternative Performance Measures ..................................  
Pages 157 to 159 
(c) 
the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended 30 September 2024 
of the Issuer (which is published on the website of the Issuer and is available via 
https://avinor.no/globalassets/_konsern/om-oss/rapporter/en/avinor_q3-rapport-2024_eng.pdf) 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular:

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Condensed Income Statement ..........................................  
Page 9 
Condensed Statement of Comprehensive Income ............  
Page 10 
Condensed Balance Sheet ................................................  
Pages 11 to 12 
Condensed Statement of Changes in Equity ....................  
Page 13 
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows ...............................  
Page 14 
Notes to the Interim Financial Statements ........................  
Pages 15 to 40; and 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes contained in: (i) the Offering Circular dated 13 December 2019, prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme (which is published on the website of the Issuer and is available via 
https://avinor.no/globalassets/_konsern/om-oss/finansiell-informasjon/gjeldsfinanisering/emtn-
obligasjoner/avinor-emtn-programme-update-2019.pdf), at pages 52 to 82, in the case of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes, and at pages 83 to 111, in the case of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes; (ii) the Offering Circular dated 16 December 2021, prepared by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme (which is published on the website of the Issuer and is 
available 
via 
https://avinor.no/globalassets/_konsern/om-oss/finansiell-informasjon/emtn-
program/avinor-2021---offering-circular-.pdf), at pages 54 to 85, in the case of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes, and at pages 86 to 115 in the case of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes; (iii) the Offering Circular dated 16 December 2022, prepared by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme (which is published on the website of the Issuer and is 
available via https://avinor.no/globalassets/_konsern/investor/emtn-program/final-offering-circular-
2022.pdf), at pages 55 to 86, in the case of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS 
Notes, and at pages 87 to 116 in the case of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes; and (iv) the 
Offering Circular dated 5 December 2023, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
is 
available 
via 
https://avinor.no/globalassets/_konsern/investor/emtn-program/avinor-2023---offering-circular-
final.pdf), at pages 57 to 87, in the case of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes, and at pages 88 to 116 in the case of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes.  
The documents listed above will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any information in the documents described above that is not referred to above is not incorporated in, and 
shall not form part of, this Offering Circular. Any such non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein 
are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached 
or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of 
a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, 
in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable interest coupons and talons attached upon 
either (a) not less than 60 days written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or 
(b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS 
Notes and Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available 
or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS 
Notes and Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS 
Notes”), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes.  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream,

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 15 December 
2017 and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS.  On the issue of such VPS Notes, 
the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the Agent and the VPS Agent (the VPS 
Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final Terms 
supplement attached thereto.  On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant Final Terms to 
the VPS and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, 
the account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with the VPS 
with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and 
paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will 
only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS.   
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa. 
General 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or VPS shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[MiFID II product governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) 
 
1  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged“ products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged“ products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Act 2018 / EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor)] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
AVINOR AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX8ZW078 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes][ the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Offering Circular 
dated 12 December 2024 [and the supplements to it dated [date] and [date] which together constitute a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) (the Offering 
Circular).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.  The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, www.luxse.com, and the website of the Issuer at [https://avinor.no/en/corporate/about-us/financial-
information/funding].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] (the Conditions) set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated [13 December 2019 / 16 December 2021 / 16 December 2022 / 5 December 2023] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 12 December 2024. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 12 December 2024 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Offering Circular has 
been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com, and the website of the 
Issuer at [https://avinor.no/en/corporate/about-us/financial-information/funding].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the 
date that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note 
– 
where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest on 
Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date/or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]]

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[    ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/-[  ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero coupon] 
(see paragraph(s) [13]/[14]/[15]below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100]/[  ] per cent. of their nominal amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below 
and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph(s) [17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below)] 
12. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form. (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions):  
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable]

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business  
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/[Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] month  
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR]. 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(The second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR and the second Stockholm business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation [   ] and [   ] 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes and Condition 6.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes: 
Minimum period:  [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[Reference Bond Basis/[          ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(i) 
[Optional Redemption 
Margin: 
[[          ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[insert reference bond]/Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[    ] 
time]/Not 
Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Reference 
Rate 
Determination Day 
[The [    ] Business Day preceding the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
18. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par. If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent., of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event/at any time at the request of the 
Issuer]] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form] 
 
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of 
Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.)  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”) 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest to which 
sub-paragraphs 14(c) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Avinor AS: 
By: 
 ............................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the [Luxembourg][Oslo] Stock 
Exchange [and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[        ].]  [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[      ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Economic Area/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) [as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the 
[UK] CRA Regulation). 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to [     ] (the [Managers]/[Dealers]), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Offering Circular/Give 
details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Offering 
Circular – if use of proceeds is different from what 
is disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Tollbugata, N-0152 
Oslo, Norway 
VPS Identification number [   ] ] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID 
II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 / EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
 
1  Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged“ products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor)] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
AVINOR AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX8ZW078 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.]1 
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 12 December 2024 [as supplemented by the supplement 
dated [date] [and [date]], (the Offering Circular).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular.  Copies 
of the Offering Circular may be obtained from [ ].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] (the Conditions) set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated [13 December 2019 / 16 December 2021 / 16 December 2022 / 5 December 2023] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 12 December 2024.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
 
1  Do not include if the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” legend is included (because the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note 
– 
where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest on 
Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[    ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [  ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero coupon]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
(see paragraph(s) [13]/[14]/[15]below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100]/[  ] per cent. of their nominal amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below 
and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph(s) [17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below)] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon)

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business  
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined if different 
from the Conditions: 
[Specify] 
(Where different interest provisions are specified, 
consider adjusting or disapplying the Screen Rate 
Determination provisions in Condition 4.2(b) and 
including replacement provisions describing the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be determined) 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[    ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/[      ]] 
(Either EURIBOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other, including fallback 
provisions in the Agency Agreement.) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(The second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR and the second Stockholm business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes and Condition 6.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes: 
Minimum period:  [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[Reference Bond Basis/[          ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[insert reference bond]/Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
Quotation Time 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[     ] time]/Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
(iv) 
Reference 
Rate 
Determination Day: 
[The [     ] Business Day preceding the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
18. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Amount is likely to be par. If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
23. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable][        ] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event/at any time at the request of the 
Issuer]] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form] 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of 
Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”) 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraphs 14(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Avinor AS: 
By: 
 ............................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [specify market] with effect from [     ].]  
[Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[      ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to [     ] (the [Managers]/[Dealers]), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Tollbugata 2, N-0152 
Oslo, Norway 
VPS Identification number [   ]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES OTHER THAN THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes, which will be incorporated 
by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to 
the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and 
Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (or in either case the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” or 
“Form of Pricing Supplement”, as applicable, for a description of the content of the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Avinor AS (the Issuer) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
5 December 2023 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent, and together 
with any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time, the Paying Agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if this 
Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in 
Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes 
of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the 
Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with 
any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
15 December 2017 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to 
a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes 
and identity.  The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and the Issuer will procure that 
none of its Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
security interest (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future 
business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any of 
its Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) unless the Issuer, in the case 
of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, 
takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the 
giving of a Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
3.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market and (ii) 
any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness; and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(b) 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a 
majority of the voting rights, (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint 
or remove a majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and 
controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In the Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;  
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and in Condition 4.2(e), 
be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, NIBOR 
or STIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall appoint a Determination Agent and the Determination Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Determination 
Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Determination 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Determination Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Determination Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Determination Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Determination Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Determination Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR,

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
In this Condition 4.2(b): 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank which is an active market participant in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR); 
Reference Banks means (x) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (y) in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market or (z) in the case 
of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Determination Agent or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR or 12.00 noon (Oslo time) if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period.   
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest 
Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(e) Designated Maturity means the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later 
than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser and Issuer 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 
4.2(h)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h)(i) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Agent, any Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to Condition 4.2(h). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.2(h)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.2(h)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.2(h)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.2(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(h)(ii), the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be 
expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to follow market practice 
or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
(v) 
Notices 
The Issuer will promptly notify the Agent, any Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders and Couponholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 4.2(h). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any 
Calculation Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders as of their effective date. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 4.2(h), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b) will

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Original Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined and notified to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, if any, in each case 
in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h), prior to such Interest Determination Date, the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect 
that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to 
apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.2(h)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
only, and the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 4.2(h). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 
4.2(h)(iii), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case of a 
Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(ii) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes, or if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(h)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (B)(1); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (2) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(1); or 
(E) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (2) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(1); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 4.2(h)(i); 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Event(s), such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate);

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference 
Rate relates, (2) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (3) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (4) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which, in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes or Exempt Notes, shall be an amount equal 
to at least 100 per cent. of its nominal amount) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption in part is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  If redemption in part 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
In this Condition 6.3, Optional Redemption Amount(s) means: 
(a) 
if Reference Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) the outstanding 
principal amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual 
basis (assuming a 360 day year consisting of twelve 30 day months) at the Reference Rate 
plus the Optional Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation Agent as 
having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term 
of such Notes; 
Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by 
the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Optional Redemption Amount, and notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference 
Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than 
one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if 
only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference 
Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker 
and any Optional Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Day specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for 
the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date.  The Reference Rate will be calculated on the 
Reference Rate Determination Day specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Reference Bond Basis is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, such amount(s) as are 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, these Conditions as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6.4 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued (other than as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6.3), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note under this Condition 6.5 the holder of this 
Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition 6.5 and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note under this Condition 6.5 the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9. 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put Event) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and at any time 
while any Note remains outstanding a Change of Control occurs, the holder of each Note will have the 
option (the Change of Control Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put 
Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) (as defined below) at its 
principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued 
interest to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control). 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if the Kingdom of Norway ceases to (a) own, directly 
or indirectly, 100 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Issuer, or (b) control the Issuer, and for 
the purposes of this definition control means the power to direct the management and policies of the 
Issuer or to control the composition of its board of directors or other equivalent body, whether through 
the ownership of share capital, by contract or otherwise.  
If a Change of Control occurs the Issuer shall, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Change of 
Control, give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 specifying the nature of the Change of Control and the circumstances giving rise to it 
and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 6.6. 
To exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of this Note under this 
Condition 6.6 the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during 
normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period (the Put Period) of 45 days after 
that on which a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is 
required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6.6

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  If this Note is 
represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of this Note 
under this Condition 6.6 the holder of this Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time. 
Any Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, as applicable, an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice 
to the Issuer to withdraw the Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.6 and instead to 
declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
The Paying Agent to which this Note and Put Exercise Notice are delivered will issue to the holder 
concerned a non-transferable receipt (a Change of Control Put Option Receipt) in respect of this 
Note so delivered or, in the case of a Global Note or Note in definitive form held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notice so received. The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) each Note in respect of which a Change of Control Put Option 
Receipt has been issued on the date (the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control)) which is 
the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period, unless previously redeemed or purchased. Payment 
in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account to which 
payment is to be made in the Put Exercise Notice, on the Optional Redemption Date (Change of 
Control) by transfer to that bank account and in every other case on or after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Change of Control), in each case against presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) 
endorsement of such Change of Control Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.6. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴= 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅× (1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365) 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 or 6.6 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(b) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties (Taxes) of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case 
may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Norway; or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5); or 
(d) 
on account of any Taxes that are payable pursuant to the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-80 on 
payments to related parties (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-82) 
tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 
10-63).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days (in 
the case of principal) or 14 days (in the case of interest); or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 
days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries is declared or otherwise becomes due and repayable prematurely by 
reason of an event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
on the due date for payment (after the expiry of any originally applicable grace period); (iii) 
any security given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person; provided that 
no event described in this Condition 9.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
relevant amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability due and 
unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if 
any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least €20,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save (i) for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, in connection 
with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(e) 
if (i) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its 
business, or if any of the Issuer’s Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save in each case (A) for the purposes 
of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in 
connection with a Permitted Reorganisation or a Permitted Disposal, or (ii) the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to 
pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrance takes 
possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued 
out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 45 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions:  
(a) 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under 
or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; 
(b) 
Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
whose total operating income (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself 
has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired 
after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than five (5) 
per cent. of the consolidated total operating income of the Issuer, or, as the case may 
be, consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, the 
reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated 
accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared 
and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts 
as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest 
relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer: 
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease 
to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (ii) on the date on which the 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current 
at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that 
such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary 
on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (i) above 
or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this 
definition; or  
(iii) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the 
undertaking or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the 
transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, 
generate operating income equal to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated 
total operating income of the Issuer, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal 
to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (i)

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon 
such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately 
following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, 
generate operating income equal to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated 
total operating income of the Issuer, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, 
are equal to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(i) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to this subparagraph (iii) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such 
transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on 
which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (i) above or, prior to or after such date, by 
virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement;  
(c) 
Permitted Disposal means a disposal of any or all of the Issuer’s air navigation services 
division on arm’s length terms; and 
(d) 
Permitted Reorganisation means any disposal by any of the Issuer’s Subsidiaries or (for the 
purposes of Condition 9.1(e)(i) only) the Issuer (such entity the disposing entity), to the Issuer 
or any of other Subsidiary of the Issuer, of the whole or substantially the whole of the disposing 
entity’s business. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13.  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.luxse.com.  It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort 
or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication 
on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any 
such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers.   
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any 
of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to 
the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on 
such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on 
all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, amend these 
Conditions to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in Condition 4.2(h)(iv) above. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons (and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.   
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 17.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Saville & Co. Scrivener Notaries at 11 Old Jewry, London EC2R 8DU 
as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any 
Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Saville & Co. Scrivener Notaries being unable or unwilling 
for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
17.4 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally with respect to any Dispute (i) waives any right to claim 
sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction, recognition or enforcement and any similar argument 
in any jurisdiction, (ii) submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts and the courts of any other 
jurisdiction in relation to the recognition of any judgment or order of the English courts or the courts 
of any competent jurisdiction in relation to any Dispute and (iii) consents to the giving of any relief 
(whether by way of injunction, attachment, specific performance or other relief) or the issue of any 
related process, in any jurisdiction, whether before or after final judgment, including without 
limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its 
use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Dispute. 
17.5 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than a statement of account made by the VPS.  Ownership of VPS Notes will be 
recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by the VPS.  The 
applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of VPS Notes which are Exempt Notes may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following 
Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such VPS 
Notes. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” or “Applicable Pricing Supplement”, as 
applicable, for a description of the content of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which will specify which 
of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
Each VPS Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of VPS Notes issued by Avinor AS (the Issuer) and each 
VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and subject to the trust agreement dated 16 December 2021, as 
amended by the supplemental trust agreement dated 5 December 2023 (together, the VPS Trustee Agreement, 
as such agreement may be further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) each made 
between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, each 
of which expression shall include any successor as VPS Trustee or Calculation Agent (as applicable)).  
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 6 in a securities depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories 
(CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the 
European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be 
the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the VPS), and references herein to 
the VPS shall (unless the context otherwise requires) include reference to any such other securities depository. 
The VPS Notes have the benefit of an agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) dated 16 December 2021 and 
made between the Issuer and DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice as VPS agent (the VPS Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor VPS agent). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with the 
VPS.  The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect of VPS 
Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The final terms for any Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms prepared in connection with the relevant Tranche of VPS Notes, which complete these Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions) or, if the relevant VPS Notes are VPS Notes which are 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to 
the extent inconsistent with the VPS Conditions, replace or modify the VPS Conditions for the purposes of the 
relevant VPS Notes. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) prepared in connection with the relevant Tranche of VPS 
Notes. Any reference in the VPS Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference 
to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes (the VPS Noteholders 
or the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these VPS 
Conditions.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the VPS Agent and at the registered office for the time being 
of the VPS Trustee at the date hereof at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 Oslo, Norway.  If the VPS Notes 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). If the VPS 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Oslo Stock Exchange (www.euronext.com/en/markets/oslo). If 
the VPS Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a VPS 
Noteholder holding one or more VPS Notes and such VPS Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the VPS Agent as to its holding of such VPS Notes and identity. 
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to 
them.  The statements in the VPS Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event of inconsistency between 
the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms will prevail. 
In the VPS Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book-entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and 
the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for VPS Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification code in the VPS. 
This VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the 
VPS.  The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of the VPS or one issued on behalf of 
the VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS that are in force 
from time to time.  Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of 
the relevant VPS Note. Each person (other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg)) who is for the time being shown in the records of the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS 
Trustee and the VPS Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
the VPS. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The VPS Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the VPS Notes remains outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not, and the 
Issuer will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, 
lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the 
present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) unless the Issuer, 
in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, 
promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the VPS Notes are secured by the Security Interest equally 
and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the 
giving of a Security Interest) is provided as the VPS Noteholders may approve (in accordance 
with the meeting provisions in the VPS Trustee Agreement). 
3.2 
Interpretation 
In these VPS Conditions: 
(a) 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all such VPS Notes issued 
other than: 
(i) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the VPS 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the 
VPS Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if 
any) accrued to the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the 
VPS Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the VPS 
Agent (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with the VPS Conditions) and remain available for 
payment to the holders of the relevant VPS Notes in accordance with their terms and 
conditions; 
(iii) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the 
VPS Conditions; and

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(iv) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the VPS 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market and (ii) 
any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness; and 
(c) 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a 
majority of the voting rights, (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint 
or remove a majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and 
controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
In the VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;  
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the VPS Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the VPS Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the VPS Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and in Condition 4.2(e), 
be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, NIBOR 
or STIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be,

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm  inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) 
or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
In this Condition 4.2(b): 
Reference Banks means (x) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (y) in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market or (z) in the case 
of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR or 12.00 noon (Oslo time) if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(e) Designated Maturity means the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11.  For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made to the VPS in accordance 
with and subject to the VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(g) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the 
Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as (having regard as 
to the foregoing provisions of this Condition with any consequential amendment it deems, in its 
reasonable opinion, to be necessary, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms) it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the VPS Agent and all VPS Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the Issuer or the VPS Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee 
(if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser and Issuer 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these 
VPS Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 
4.2(i)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.2(i)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(i)(i) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the VPS Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to Condition 4.2(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.2(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the VPS 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.2(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.2(i)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the VPS Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.2(i)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(i)(ii), the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be 
expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(i) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (A) that amendments to these VPS Conditions are necessary to follow market 
practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(i)(v), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of VPS Noteholders, vary these VPS Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
(v) 
Notices 
The Issuer will promptly notify the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 11, the VPS Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 4.2(i). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the VPS Agent, 
the VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the VPS Noteholders as of their effective date. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 4.2(i), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Original 
Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined and notified to the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and the Calculation 
Agent, in each case in accordance with this Condition 4.2(i), prior to such Interest 
Determination Date, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.2(i)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
only, and the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 4.2(i).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 
4.2(i)(iii), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case of 
a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the VPS Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.2(i)(ii) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
VPS Notes, or if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate 
as the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(i)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published or administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (B)(1); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (2) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(1); or 
(E) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (2) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(1); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any VPS Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 4.2(i)(i); 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Event(s), such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference 
Rate relates, (2) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (3) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (4) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such 
VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
4.4 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS Notes, references in these VPS 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the VPS Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with prior 
notification to the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
5.2 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of the VPS and will be effected through 
and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing the VPS.   
The VPS Agent and any Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time, with prior notification to the VPS Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, provided that the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating institution 
with the VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS Conditions so require, and (iii) 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
5.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled 
to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, Payment Day means 
any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
London; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(e) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Any reference in the VPS Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which, in the case of VPS Notes other than 
Zero Coupon Notes or Exempt Notes, shall be an amount equal to at least 100 per cent. of its nominal 
amount) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.7, the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if the VPS Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Agent, and, in 
accordance with Condition 11, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the VPS Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the VPS Trustee to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption in part is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the VPS Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  If 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption.   
In this Condition 6.3, Optional Redemption Amount(s) means: 
(a) 
if Reference Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) the outstanding 
principal amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual 
basis (assuming a 360 day year consisting of twelve 30 day months) at the Reference Rate 
plus the Optional Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation Agent as 
having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term 
of such Notes; 
Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by 
the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Optional Redemption Amount, and notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference 
Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than 
one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if 
only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference 
Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker 
and any Optional Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Day specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for 
the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date.  The Reference Rate will be calculated on the 
Reference Rate Determination Day specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Reference Bond Basis is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, such amount(s) as are 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, these VPS Conditions as completed by 
the applicable Final Terms. 
6.4 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the VPS Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series issued, the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 
60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
VPS Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.   
To exercise the right to require redemption of the relevant VPS Note under this Condition 6.5 the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note must, within the notice period, give notice (a Put Notice) to the VPS 
Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and instead to declare such VPS Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9. 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Change of Control Put Event) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and at any time 
while any VPS Note remains outstanding a Change of Control occurs, the holder of each VPS Note 
will have the option (the Change of Control Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Change 
of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the 
VPS Notes under Condition 6.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to purchase 
(or procure the purchase of) that VPS Note on the date (the Optional Redemption Date (Change of 
Control)) which is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period (as defined below) at its principal 
amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control). 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if the Kingdom of Norway ceases to (a) own, directly 
or indirectly, 100 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Issuer, or (b) control the Issuer, and for 
the purposes of this definition control means the power to direct the management and policies of the 
Issuer or to control the composition of its board of directors or other equivalent body, whether through 
the ownership of share capital, by contract or otherwise.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
If a Change of Control occurs the Issuer shall, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Change of 
Control, give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the VPS Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11 specifying the nature of the Change of Control and the circumstances giving rise to 
it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 6.6. 
To exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of the relevant VPS Note 
under this Condition 6.6 the holder of the relevant VPS Note must, within the period (the Put Period) 
of 45 days after that on which a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, give notice (a Put 
Exercise Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the 
VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, as applicable, an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice 
to the Issuer to withdraw the Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.6 and instead to 
declare such VPS Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴= 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅× (1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365) 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held, reissued, resold or, at 
the option of the Issuer, cancelled by the VPS Agent causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the 
records of the VPS. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 or 6.6 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(b) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the VPS and notice to that effect has been given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
(Taxes) of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the VPS Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note:  
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such VPS Note by reason of 
his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS 
Note; or 
(b) 
on account of any Taxes that are payable pursuant to the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-80 on 
payments to related parties (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-82) 
tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 
10-63).  
As used herein, Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date therefor. 
As used in the VPS Conditions, Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
11.   
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the VPS Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days 
(in the case of principal) or 14 days (in the case of interest); or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the VPS Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation 
or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
30 days next following the service by a VPS Noteholder on the Issuer of notice, addressed by 
the relevant VPS Noteholder to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or the VPS Agent, 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries is declared or otherwise becomes due and repayable prematurely by 
reason of an event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
on the due date for payment (after the expiry of any originally applicable grace period); (iii) 
any security given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person; provided that 
no event described in this Condition 9.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
relevant amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability due and 
unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if 
any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least €20,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save (i) for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by the VPS Noteholders (in accordance with the 
meeting provisions in the VPS Trustee Agreement) or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary 
of the Issuer, in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(e) 
if (i) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its 
business, or if any of the Issuer’s Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save in each case (A) for the purposes 
of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in 
connection with a Permitted Reorganisation or a Permitted Disposal, or (ii) the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to 
pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrance takes 
possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued 
out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 45 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors), 
then any holder of a VPS Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder of the relevant VPS 
Note to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or the specified office of the VPS Trustee, effective upon 
the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or the VPS Trustee, as applicable, declare any VPS Note held 
by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at 
its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the VPS Conditions:  
(a) 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under 
or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; 
(b) 
Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
whose total operating income (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself 
has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired 
after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than five (5) 
per cent. of the consolidated total operating income of the Issuer, or, as the case may 
be, consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, the 
reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated 
accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared 
and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest 
relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer: 
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease 
to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (ii) on the date on which the 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current 
at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that 
such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary 
on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (i) above 
or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this 
definition; or  
(iii) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the 
undertaking or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the 
transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, 
generate operating income equal to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated 
total operating income of the Issuer, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal 
to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (i) 
above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon 
such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately 
following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, 
generate operating income equal to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated 
total operating income of the Issuer, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, 
are equal to) not less than five (5) per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(i) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to this subparagraph (iii) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such 
transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on 
which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (i) above or, prior to or after such date, by 
virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; 
(c) 
Permitted Disposal means a disposal of any or all of the Issuer’s air navigation services 
division on arm’s length terms; and 
(d) 
Permitted Reorganisation means any disposal by any of the Issuer’s Subsidiaries or (for the 
purposes of Condition 9.1(e)(i) only) the Issuer (such entity the disposing entity), to the Issuer 
or any of other Subsidiary of the Issuer, of the whole or substantially the whole of the disposing 
entity’s business. 
10. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
10.1 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction.  VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of the VPS. A transfer 
of VPS Notes which is held in the VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible 
by using an account operator linked to the VPS. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.1, Oslo Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo. 
10.2 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
10.3 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the register maintained by the VPS, except for any costs or 
expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the 
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be 
imposed in relation to the registration. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to the VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange (which shall include, if and for so long as the VPS Notes are (a) admitted to 
trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that 
exchange so require, publication in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt). and/or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website 
(www.luxse.com), and/or (b) admitted to trading on, and listed on, the regulated market of the Oslo 
Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, publication in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation 
in 
Oslo 
and/or 
on 
the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange’s 
website 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/oslo). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date one day after delivery to the VPS. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
12.1 
Provisions with respect to holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning resolutions relating to the VPS 
Notes, the VPS Conditions and/or the VPS Trustee Agreement by a majority of votes (or, in the case 
of any waiver or amendment of certain terms of the VPS Conditions or the VPS Trustee Agreement 
(as set out in Condition 12.2(a) below), sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). The VPS 
Trustee Agreement also provides that any resolution that may be sanctioned by the VPS Noteholders 
at a meeting may also be passed by way of a written resolution (either by way of a written or electronic 
resolutions), with the same relevant majority that would be valid if such resolution had been passed at 
a meeting of VPS Noteholders. Such a meeting may be convened or a written resolution may be 
initiated, as the case may be, by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, VPS Noteholders holding not less than 
10 per cent. of the Voting VPS Notes or, if the VPS Notes are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the 
Oslo Stock Exchange.   
For the purpose of this Condition 12.1, Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal amount of 
the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the VPS, less the VPS Notes

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the 
Issuer has decisive influence. For these purposes, decisive influence means a person having, as a result 
of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interest in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) 
a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) 
a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other 
person. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution, or the minimum requirement for a written resolution 
to be valid, is one or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Voting VPS 
Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders of Voting VPS 
Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes any matter set out in Condition 12.2(a) below, the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Voting VPS Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the 
Voting VPS Notes.   
A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders, or by way of a written resolution, shall 
be binding on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting or participated 
in such written resolution. 
12.2 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(a) 
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast 
in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required:  
(i) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity;  
(ii) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes;  
(iii) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
(iv) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made;  
(v) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the 
matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required);  
(vi) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or  
(vii) 
a change of VPS Trustee; and 
(b) 
the VPS Trustee may, in certain circumstances, agree to certain amendments to the VPS 
Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions which are binding on all VPS Noteholders, without 
the prior consent of the VPS Noteholders, including amendments that are, in the VPS Trustee’s 
opinion, either (i) not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders 
in any material respect, (ii) made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and 
mistakes, or (iii) such amendment is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
by a relevant authority. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders 
of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment 
will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the VPS Noteholders, amend these Conditions to 
give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 
4.2(i)(iv) above. 
13. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for 
its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by 
the VPS Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which 
interest starts to accrue so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding VPS Notes. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this VPS Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS 
Notes) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that VPS 
Conditions 2, 12, 13 and 14 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
VPS Conditions 2, 12, 13 and 14) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law.   
The VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 No. 6, as 
amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject 
to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 16.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (a

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any VPS Noteholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the VPS Noteholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take 
(i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
16.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Saville & Co. Scrivener Notaries at 11 Old Jewry, London EC2R 8DU 
as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any 
Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Saville & Co. Scrivener Notaries being unable or unwilling 
for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
16.4 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally with respect to any Dispute (i) waives any right to claim 
sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction, recognition or enforcement and any similar argument 
in any jurisdiction, (ii) submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts and the courts of any other 
jurisdiction in relation to the recognition of any judgment or order of the English courts or the courts 
of any competent jurisdiction in relation to any Dispute and (iii) consents to the giving of any relief 
(whether by way of injunction, attachment, specific performance or other relief) or the issue of any 
related process, in any jurisdiction, whether before or after final judgment, including without 
limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its 
use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Dispute.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Contact Information 
Registration number – Register of Business Enterprises: 985 198 292  
Registered address: Drammensveien 144, 0191 Oslo, Norway  
Telephone: + 47 67 03 00 00  
Website: https://avinor.no/en/ (the information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Offering 
Circular unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular). 
Overview 
Avinor was incorporated on 12 December 2002 as a wholly state-owned limited liability company organised 
under the laws of Norway and under the authority of the Norwegian Ministry of Transport (the MT). 
Avinor's main responsibility is to own, operate and develop Norway's state-owned airports for the civilian 
aviation sector and to provide a joint air navigation service for civilian and military aviation.  Operations are 
focused on security, efficiency, sustainability and to ensure good accessibility for all groups of passengers. 
Avinor's airports 
 
Oslo Airport is the largest airport and accounts for more than half of Norway's total air traffic and around 70 
per cent. of total international traffic in Norway and is hence the hub of Norwegian aviation and a transit airport 
for traffic between Norway and the rest of the world.  The profit generated by Oslo Airport is crucial for the 
financing of the other Avinor airports. 
The airports in Stavanger, Bergen, and Trondheim also have significant, direct international traffic while the 
airports in Tromsø, Bodø, Harstad/Narvik, Molde, Ålesund, Haugesund, Kristiansand, Svalbard and 
Kristiansund have seasonal direct international traffic, however primarily cater for national traffic.  The other 
Avinor airports have regional traffic. 
Norway is a long and narrow country.  It extends 
approximately 1770 km from south to north and 
has a geography dominated by a 101,000 km 
long coastline, including mainland and all 
islands, and mountain masses.  Avinor's airports 
have a key role in sustaining human settlements 
and commercial activities across the country.  
Additionally, these airports are essential for 
maintaining urban centres and providing quality 
public services to the local population.  
Furthermore, the location of the airports is vital 
from a military perspective.  The airports are 
located as shown in this map.   
Avinor owns 43 airports which vary by size and 
traffic volume.  In addition, one airport is leased 
to, and operated by, another company and 
another one is closed for aircraft operations.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Oslo Airport is the only Norwegian airport with parallel runways, 3600 and 2950 meters respectively.  
Stavanger has a secondary runway for certain wind conditions.  The other large airports have runways between 
2600 and 3000 meters which mean they can be used by larger jet aircrafts.  The 27 smallest airports have 
runways between 800 and 1200 meters for smaller aircraft types. 
Air navigation service 
Avinor Flysikring AS (ANS), a wholly owned subsidiary of Avinor, and provides air navigation services 
focused on the following business areas to both the civil and the military transport aviation sectors: 
• 
En-route Services 
• 
Tower and Approach Control Services 
• 
Aerodrome Flight Information Services (AFIS) 
En-route Services provides air traffic control services in Norwegian airspace and in large parts of the North 
Atlantic.  The services are provided by approximately 350 employees at control centres located in Stavanger, 
Oslo (Røyken) and Bodø.  The main customers are airlines, the Norwegian armed forces, oil companies and 
the airports for which ANS provides approach control.  ANS has been appointed by the MT to provide En-
route Services until December 2044. 
The Tower and Approach Control Services include control and monitoring of air traffic between the time an 
aircraft leaves its parking stand to entering the en-route phase, and the time between an aircraft landing at an 
airport and entering its parking stand.  Tower and Approach Control Services are provided to Avinor's own 
airports, private airports and the Norwegian Armed Forces.  Tower Services are provided from the 17 control 
towers operated by ANS.  Approach Control Services are provided either from the local control tower or from 
the area control centres.  
AFIS provides aerodrome flight information services for 27 Avinor airports.  The main task is to provide traffic 
information to aircrafts on the ground and within a delimited traffic information zone in the airspace around 
each airport.  11 of the airports are currently operated from the Remote Tower Centre in Bodø.  Three additional 
airports will be added to the Remote Tower Centre in 2025, and six more airports will be added in 2026 and 
2027, which comprise smaller airports with less complex airspace.  When complete and available for operation, 
the new airport in Mo i Rana will be remotely controlled from the Remote Tower Centre.  
ANS has close operational cooperation with the Norwegian Armed Forces in daily operations including 
separation of civilian and military flights.  Airspace coordination is a major part of the cooperation in daily 
operations and as preparations and execution of military exercises.  ANS also plays an important role in the 
Norwegian Total Defence Concept, a key and structural model for Norwegian civil-military cooperation with 
an aim to ensure mutual support and cooperation linked to crises in peacetime, security policy crises and armed 
conflict.    
Norway, and thus Avinor, is obliged through the Agreement on the European Economic Area to comply with 
EU regulations in the Single European Sky (SES) domain.  This includes requirements for en- route service 
performance and binding implementation of new technology through the ATM Masterplan (the EU's Master 
Plan for Technology Implementation in European Airspace).  Based on the commitments Norway has under 
SES regulations, Avinor follows the EU's implementation plan for new technology to achieve the goal for a 
common European airspace.  
Travel activity 
Avinor has experienced a strong recovery in the travelling activity after the COVID-19 pandemic and in 2023, 
49 million passengers travelled to and from Avinor's airports, an increase of 10 per cent. compared to 2022,

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
however such figure is still 10 per cent. below the volume of passengers travelling to and from Avinor's airports 
prior to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019. 
By 30 September 2024, Avinor had experienced an increase of 4 per cent. in the number of passengers 
travelling to and from its airports, when compared to same period in 2023.  The timeline for a return of 
passenger activity to 2019 levels is uncertain.  Recent traffic volumes continue to be negatively impacted by 
factors such as the macro-economic consequences of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which ultimately have 
caused diminishing purchasing power for travelers in the private and corporate segment, as well as increasing 
climate- and environmental- awareness and new use of technologies among passengers.   
Meanwhile, Avinor has seen a significant growth in international passengers in 2023.  International passenger 
volumes were 17 per cent. higher in 2023 than in 2022, with tourism being the largest contributor to the growth.  
The increase in international passengers continued in 2024, and for the 9-month period ended 30 September 
2024, Avinor had experienced an increase of 8 per cent. in international passenger numbers when compared 
to the same period in 2023.  Factors such as the relatively weak performance of the NOK over time compared 
to most other currencies, increasing demand for summer vacations in cooler regions and the broader 
development of Norway, in particular destinations in the north of Norway, where winter holiday destinations 
with views of the Northern light attracts international tourism and, as a consequence, Avinor's airports.   
The total number of passengers travelling to, from or via all Avinor airports is set out below: 
Year 
For the 9 months 
period ended 30 
September 2024 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 2023 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 2022 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 2021 
Million passengers 
38.9 
49.0 
44.7 
22.4 
Drones 
Avinor established a drone programme in 2018 and has worked systematically with drones since then.  The 
drone programme is a strategic programme involving the entire Group, and making sure Avinor is an active 
contributor in the development of drones within the aviation sector.  Flying drones within 5 kilometres of 
airports is restricted by law in Norway, unless explicit clearance has been given to the operator of the drone 
from air traffic control.   
Avinor has drone detection technology in place at many airports providing Avinor with insight and valuable 
information regarding drones in the vicinity with the goal to improve safety and security at and around its 
airports.  Avinor has a close relationship with the Norwegian government including the Police and Armed 
Forces regarding all drone activity in Norwegian airspace.  In addition, Avinor is regularly advertising in social 
media, media and directly towards drone operators to inform them about rules and regulations regarding flying 
drones in the vicinity of airports.  In 2023, Avinor recorded 1,450 unauthorised drone flights at the airports 
which have the technology to measure both authorised and unauthorised activity. 
Avinor has started testing use of drones at airports to see if they can improve airport operations through 
improved data quality and cost reductions. 
Avinor is prepared to accept a controlling role with regards to drone activity in low altitudes outside airport 
areas.  This is also proposed by the Norwegian government but pending an official letter of appointment. 
The intention behind Avinor's Ninox drone system is to ease the application process for drone users in 
controlled airspace around airports and to give air traffic control a better overview of registered drone traffic 
around the airports.  This also provides drone operators an easy way to get information regarding where they 
are allowed to operate in Norwegian airspace.  This is the first step towards a more automated and autonomous

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
process of handling drones in the future and is aligned with the European Union vision for handling drone 
traffic.  Avinor is in process of procuring a next generation version of this system, which is planned to be 
implemented in the second half of 2025.  The new system will enable Avinor to offer even better services to 
drone operators and put Avinor in a position to generate new revenue in the future. 
Avinor acknowledges eVTOLs (electric Vertical Take Off and Landing aircrafts) in general as a new chapter 
in Norwegian aviation and drones have a key role in this chapter.  First generation eVTOLs are expected to be 
certified for commercial operations, for example the transportation of passengers and cargo, between 2024 and 
2028 based on manual flying with a pilot onboard.  Several stakeholders in Norway have taken an interest in 
bringing eVTOLs to Norway and operating them, and Avinor is in close contact with all of them. 
Avinor consider this new chapter in aviation as interesting and promising for integration in Avinor's existing 
operations and Avinor has an explorative approach to identify new business models and opportunities within 
the drone space and has integrated this work in the Group's current strategy. 
Cooperation with the Norwegian Armed Forces 
Avinor cooperates with the Norwegian Armed Forces at Oslo airport Gardermoen, Harstad/Narvik airport, 
Bodø airport, Lakselv airport Banak, Stavanger airport Sola and Trondheim airport Vaernes, as civilian airports 
with military sectors.  At these airports Avinor is the owner and is responsible for airport operations and airport 
terminal functions. 
Bardufoss and Andøya are military airports with civilian sectors and owned by the Norwegian Armed Forces.  
At Andøya Avinor is responsible for airport operations and airport terminal functions.  At Bardufoss the 
Norwegian Armed Forces is responsible for airport operations, while Avinor is responsible for airport terminal 
functions. 
Airport operations include airside operations as crash, fire, and rescue services and maintenance of airport 
infrastructure as runways, taxiways, lights etc. 
Airport terminal functions include terminal building, security operations, luggage handling, landside 
operations as parking facilities etc. 
As part of the Norwegian Total Defence concept, the key structural model for Norwegian civil-military 
cooperation for handling of crises in peacetime, security policy crises and armed conflicts, Avinor also 
cooperates with the Norwegian Armed Forces at other Avinor owned airports according to the needs in the 
concrete situation. 
Additionally, Avinor provides air navigation services for three airports outside the Avinor airport portfolio: 
Ørland Air Base, Moss Airport Rygge and Sandefjord Airport Torp.  Cooperation with the Norwegian Armed 
Forces is expected to be expanded to include more airports in the future.  
Business 
Avinor's primary sources of income are charges from airlines and commercial revenues generated at its 
airports.  (See below sections titled "Traffic income – charges from airlines" and "Commercial activities at 
the airports" for further details).   
All of Avinor's airports are organised within the same legal entity, except Svalbard Airport which is a 100 per 
cent. owned subsidiary of the Issuer.  The financially profitable airports finance the unprofitable ones.  
Avinor's Articles of Association require Avinor to maintain a minimum equity ratio of 40 per cent, calculated 
as equity as a percentage of total equity and net interest-bearing debt, excluding lease liabilities, which 
effectively limits the Group's long-term borrowings for funding of long-term assets.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
From October 2021, the MT has waived the minimum equity ratio requirement as set out in the Articles of 
Association, and provided for a new, temporary minimum equity ratio, with the equity ratio at the date of this 
Offering Circular being 35 per cent. up until 31 December 2024. A further extension of the waiver for 2025 is 
expected, however not in place as of the date of the Offering Circular. 
The financial framework, where certain airports are effectively subsidising the other airports, is referred to as 
the 'Avinor Model' which is key in understanding the financial aspects of Avinor. 
Traffic income – charges from airlines 
Airline traffic income encompasses all types of charges related to Avinor's provision of infrastructure and 
services which are necessary for airlines to carry out flights to/from Norway as well as domestic flights.  In 
addition, en-route charges encompass flights across Norwegian air space. 
Overview of Avinor's airline charges: 
• 
Take- off charges: Related to essential services/infrastructure for operating a departure from any 
Avinor airport.  Calculated based on the weight of the aircraft. 
• 
Security charges: Related to services/infrastructure for carrying out airport security checks in line 
with applicable regulations.  Calculated based on actual number of passengers on a flight, less transit 
passengers. 
• 
En route charges: Services provided between take-off and landing destination in the air space of 
which Avinor is responsible.  Calculated based on the weight of the aircraft and travel distance. 
• 
Terminal Navigation charges: Services related to monitoring and control during take-off, landing 
and movement to/from gate.  Calculated based on the weight of the aircraft. 
The Take-off and Security charges are set in accordance with regulations set by the MT.  Please refer to the 
table in the section “Commercial activities at the airports" below for an overview of recent historical total 
traffic income. The table shows that Avinor's total traffic income is of a similar size to Avinor's other 
commercial operating income. 
Avinor communicated in its Q2 interim report for 2023 the need for a financially sound framework in relation 
to Avinor's social mission, and that an increase of airport charges and/or commercial revenues were a likely 
part of the solution to maintain the value of Avinor's assets.  Avinor continued the dialogue with the MT on 
this topic during the autumn of 2023. 
The MT preliminary concluded the process with Avinor on 16 November 2023 by publishing a letter stating 
their intention to improve Avinor’s financial framework by increasing airport charges by NOK 200 million in 
2024. From 2024 to 2025 and beyond, the MT suggested, in the same letter, additional potential measures from 
the Norwegian government to improve Avinor’s financial situation, as well as setting out certain expectations 
to Avinor. The potential economic measures were additional increases of airport charges, reduction and 
redistribution of fiscal passenger charges paid by the airlines to Avinor instead of the state receiving these 
funds, a review of Avinor’s societal mission and other financial grants from the Norwegian state. On a general 
basis the letter also communicated MT’s intention to continue and even strengthen the current Avinor business 
model and to maintain the current airport structure, which was a strong signal of commitment to the suggested 
measures.  
As the totality of this package was significant, it had to be made subject to the “normal process” as part of the 
Norwegian state budget for 2025, where the proposed state budget was presented in October 2024. The 
Norwegian parliament normally adopts the final state budget in December each year. Avinor considered the 
proposed state budget as a signal of commitment and support from the owner, and in line with the owner’s 
previous communications, although the specific economic measures proposed were somewhat uncertain.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
In a subsequent letter to Avinor on 20 November 2024, the MT confirmed its objective to avoid impairment 
of Avinor's assets with a multi-year binding decision on the process for determining airport charges. The owner 
was aware that this would require an increase in airport charges of about NOK 1.7 billion over the next three 
to five years compared to current levels. This amount included the previous proposal to redistribute NOK 600 
million from the passenger tax received by the state on airport charges for Avinor’s benefit.  
A final concluding framework resolution is not in place yet as of the date of this Offering Circular, but is 
expected during December 2024.  
Commercial activities at the airports 
Avinor's commercial revenue mix from its airports mainly consists of direct sales to airline passengers and 
rental income from tenants' use of Avinor's areas, which includes duty-free shopping, parking, shops, services, 
refreshments, advertising, aviation fuel, handling services, hotels and infrastructure. 
Avinor's contracts with commercial tenants have a range of different structures.  Lease agreements with tenants 
on the landside of the airports, within retail and parking, are primarily turnover based.  This is also the case for 
the hotel operators, however normally with a minimum rent in place.  Certain contracts combine turnover 
based and fixed payments lease agreements for different kinds of rented areas, typically where parking areas 
are associated with fixed payments while the rest of a hotel has a turnover based lease agreement.  A few minor 
external lease contracts are solely based on fixed payments. 
Avinor's commercial revenues are dependent on passenger volumes at the airports and Avinor is dependent on 
the continued stability of commercial revenues over time.  In particular, duty-free shopping is an important 
contributor to the Group's financing of a high-quality nationwide aviation network.  The duty-free shopping 
for airline passengers has been a subject of political discussion in Norway for many years and Avinor is 
prepared for continued discussion going forward.  As an example of the political discussion, the Norwegian 
government proposed in 2022, and subsequently approved in the state budget for 2023, to reduce quotas for 
tax free purchases of tobacco by 50 per cent. with implications for Avinor's turnover based rental income from 
duty-free sales.  Nonetheless, Avinor attaches great importance to managing the opportunity to conduct duty-
free sales in a way that is balanced, responsible, and accepted by the owner and the general public. 
Breakdown of revenues for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 2022, 2023 and the financial period 
ended 30 September 2024 for the Avinor Group: 
 
 
For the 9 months 
ended 
30 
September 
2024 
(MNOK 
and 
unaudited)  
For the financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
(MNOK) 
For the financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(MNOK) 
For the financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(MNOK) 
Other 
operating 
income 
4,715.2 
6,112.9 
5,470.7 
2,591.3 
Traffic income 
4,365.1 
5,400.8 
4,947.8 
2,922.9 
Government grants 
0 
0 
0 
3 800.0 
Total 
operating 
income 
9,080.3 
11,513.7 
10,418.5 
9,314.2

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Non-core commercial activities 
Avinor is an owner of large areas of land surrounding its largest airports and as part of an asset management 
strategy, Avinor, through its subsidiary Avinor Utvikling AS, has historically developed and prepared such 
real estate for realisation in value adding transactions and will continue to do so, going forward. 
Avinor Utvikling AS's portfolio of properties currently includes four hotels and one office building.  The hotels 
are leased to Nordic and international operators, including Strawberry, Radisson and Scandic.  The hotels are 
all situated adjacent to terminal doors and a maximum of five minutes walking distance to/from check in and 
arrival halls.  The office building is a six-story building next to the terminal building at Oslo airport, 
Gardermoen.  The office space is primarily owner occupied but also partly let to external tenants operating 
business and services at the airport. 
Governance 
The Norwegian state has an ownership policy which divides state owned companies into two categories.  
Avinor belongs to category 2, where the Norwegian state's goal as an owner is the most sustainable and 
efficient possible attainment of public policy goals.  Most category 2 companies, including Avinor, do not 
operate in domestic competition with other companies. 
The MT is also the highest regulatory authority for Norwegian aviation, and it lays down the Civil Aviation 
Authority's regulations that have consequences for Avinor's operations and financial framework.  Avinor is 
appointed by the MT as the national air navigation service provider.  The MT takes all decisions regarding 
Avinor's airport structure.  Furthermore, the MT has mandated Avinor to provide certain services to the health 
sector, the armed forces, customs and police in Norway, as an integrated part of Avinor's airport operations.  
It is an objective for the Norwegian state that Avinor is self-financed without state support or subsidies, and 
this has historically been the case since Avinor was established, except for the financial government support 
Avinor received during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021.  
The MT has a dividend policy which states that Avinor is expected to pay a dividend of 50 per cent. of full-
year profit after tax.  However, for the fiscal year 2019 the Norwegian parliament waived the dividend, in order 
to alleviate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on Avinor, and for the fiscal years 2020, 2021, 2022 and 
2023, Avinor has not been in a position to pay dividends due to its financial results. 
Environmental, Social and Governance matters 
Avinor's efforts related to environmental, social and governance matters have historically been based on the 
expectations set forth in its Articles of Association, the Norwegian Accounting Act and the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development's (OECD) guidelines for responsible business.  Avinor's 
implemented environmental management system is certified in accordance with ISO 14001.  
As a large company of public interest, Avinor is required to comply with the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (CSRD) and report in line with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) 
for the year 2024, including disclosures in accordance with EU taxonomy regulations.  
The new directive requires companies to perform a double materiality assessment (DMA) in order to identify 
the entity's most material sustainability matters, both from an impact perspective (how the company affects 
the environment and society) and a financial perspective (how the environment and society impact the 
company). 
In 2024, Avinor performed its first DMA in line with the requirements of ESRS, and Avinor is in the process 
of aligning its existing environmental management system with the reporting requirements in ESRS.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Avinor's corporate social responsibility is divided into four areas: 
(a) 
Ensuring good aviation services for the whole of Norway; 
(b) 
Being a driving force in climate and environmental efforts within the aviation industry; 
(c) 
Being a professional and attractive employer; and 
(d) 
Ensuring that Avinor conducts its business responsibly. 
(a) Ensuring good aviation services for the whole of Norway 
Avinor's obligation is to own, operate and develop a national network of airports for the civilian aviation sector 
and a joint air navigation service for the civilian and military sector.  There are four objectives:  
• 
Develop competitive airport operations; 
• 
Contribute to the sustainable growth of Norway and its regions;  
• 
Create valuable experiences for passengers and visitors; and 
• 
Maintain a proud and improvement-orientated corporate culture. 
(b) Being a driving force in climate and environmental efforts within the aviation industry 
Aviation affects nature, the local environment, and the global environment.  Greenhouse gas emissions from 
air traffic and airport operations have a global impact, while other environmental impacts from airport 
operations primarily affect local areas.   
Effective and systematic environmental management is important for managing these challenges.  Avinor is 
certified for airport operations in accordance with ISO 14001:2015.0.  From 2023, DNV took over as the body 
providing certification of Avinor's environmental management system.  ANS has its own ISO 14001 
certification and uses Kiwa as its certification body.  
Avinor’s science-based targets were validated and approved by the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) in 
October 2024 and published in November 2024. Please see “ – Climate efforts – Avinor’s operations” below 
for a presentation of the approved and validated targets. 
Furthermore, Avinor is currently working on a Nature Risk Assessment (TNFD) and completing a climate risk 
analysis in accordance with the framework set out by the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure 
(TCFD).   
The below text is a summary of Avinor's climate and environment activities. 
Climate efforts 
Background 
Avinor is committed to achieve the goals set out in the Paris Agreement and has for a number of years been a 
driving force in the aviation industry in Norway to reduce the total emissions from the sector.  Avinor has 
pioneered several projects for speeding up the transition to Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF), development of 
electrified aircraft and aircraft using hydrogen as an energy carrier.   
In October 2020, the Norwegian Aviation Industry committed to a goal of fossil free aviation by 2050 by 
phasing in SAF and electrifying short and regional flights.  Hydrogen may play a significant role in 
decarbonising the future aviation industry.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Sustainable Aviation Fuels 
Avinor has – in cooperation with the Norwegian aviation industry – been working on SAF for more than 15 
years through various projects and initiatives.  In the initial stages of development, it was of importance to 
show that SAF could be used as a drop-in fuel.  The first SAF flights in Norway took place in 2014, and in 
January 2016 Avinor's Oslo Airport became the first hub in the world to blend SAF into the fuel infrastructure 
at the airport and offer it to all airlines refuelling at the airport.  Avinor has also led and financed research and 
documentation projects on SAF in close collaboration with key stakeholders in Norwegian aviation.    Avinor 
is continuing to work as a catalyst for increased production and uptake of SAF in close cooperation with 
production projects, NGOs and authorities.  In 2019, Avinor entered a SAF pre-purchase agreement with the 
Norwegian company Quantafuel. Through this pre-purchase agreement, Quantafuel has an obligation to 
deliver fuel to Avinor in accordance with the contract, either own produced fuel or (if not able to deliver by 
the end of 2026) SAF from third parties.  
Zero and low emission Aviation 
Due to many short domestic routes and relatively few passengers per flight, new energy solutions for aviation 
are of particular interest in Norway.  Avinor has been monitoring the development of zero and low emission 
aircraft closely since 2015 and has carried out a wide range of projects and initiatives, amongst others, acquired 
a battery electric aircraft (Pipistrel Velis Electro).  Commissioned by the Ministry of Transport, Avinor and 
the Norwegian Civil Aviation Authorities delivered a proposal in March 2020 for a program for the 
introduction of electrified aircraft in Norway.  Avinor has established an internal project for infrastructure 
requirements for new energy carriers (electricity and hydrogen) in aviation.  
Awareness of hydrogen as an energy carrier in aviation has been increasing in recent years.  Hydrogen can be 
produced through electrolysis or reforming, for example, natural gas.  If the electricity used in electrolysis 
comes from renewable energy, the production and combustion of hydrogen has no direct greenhouse gas 
emissions.  Hydrogen is a useful energy carrier and can help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from aviation 
in the process of the production of biofuel (hydrogenation), as an input factor in the production of e-fuels, by 
direct combustion in custom jet engines or as part of a propulsion system with fuel cells and electric motors.  
Furthermore, in the future, hydrogen may play an important role at airports, for example in reserve power 
applications, or as an energy carrier in heavier vehicles.   
Avinor is following the development of hydrogen as an energy carrier very closely.  In 2023, DNV – on behalf 
of Avinor – updated its mapping of future hydrogen deliveries to Avinor's airports.  Avinor participates in 
national and international projects on the market for hydrogen aircraft and related infrastructure in Scandinavia 
with other market participants including, amongst others, Airbus, Swedavia, SAS, Vattenfall and Statkraft.  
Avinor aim to facilitate the supply of hydrogen at its airports as needed. 
In 2024 Avinor and the Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority entered into a cooperation agreement on the 
establishment of Norway as an international test arena for zero- and low-emission aircraft.  Avinor will provide 
infrastructure, airspace and access to energy, and the Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority will provide 
regulatory facilitation. 
Avinor's operations 
Avinor has science-based greenhouse gas targets which are set out below, and which were validated and 
approved by the SBTi in October 2024.  The targets include greenhouse gas emissions and removal of 
greenhouse gases associated with agriculture and bioenergy resources. 
Avinor's short-term climate targets (for 2030) are as follows:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
• 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions: Avinor commits to reduce absolute scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions by 42 per cent. by 2030 (when compared to Avinor's scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions in 2022 (the 2022 baseline). 
• 
Scope 3 emissions: Avinor commits to have 71 per cent. of its suppliers who are responsible for 
emissions which fall into category 11 of the definition of scope 3 emissions (being "Use of sold 
products") adopting science-based targets by 2028.    
Avinor's long-term climate target (for 2050) is:  
• 
Avinor commits to reduce scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 90 per cent. by 
2050, compared to the 2022 baseline.  
Several measures need to be implemented in the coming years to achieve the target of a 42 per cent. reduction 
in absolute scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.  These include: 
• 
Energy:  
• 
Establish biogas facilities at Svalbard Airport. 
• 
Reduce Avinor's own energy consumption. 
• 
Expand Avinor's renewable energy production. 
• 
Ground vehicles:  
• 
Continue to use and phase in advanced biodiesel vehicles at more airports. 
• 
Phase in zero-emission or biogas vehicles where possible. 
• 
Runway De-icing:  
• 
Reduce the use of de-icing chemicals through innovation. 
• 
Collaborate with airport operators in Scandinavia to demand fossil-free de-icing chemicals 
from producers. 
Avinor Air Navigation Services, the airlines and the Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority are continuously 
working on measures in the airspace that reduce aircraft fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.  Over 
the past 6 to 7 years, the airspace over Southern Norway has been modernised with a route structure to suit 
current traffic patterns.  Digital aids for efficient air traffic management and information sharing (Collaborative 
Decision Making) are important tools and are constantly being developed.  Approach and departure procedures 
have been designed for continuous climb and descent.  The transition from ground-based navigation to the use 
of satellites (PBN) gives shorter and more direct routes as well as more energy efficient approaches and 
takeoffs.  Avinor also has an ongoing project to establish curved approaches (RNP AR) to more airports in its 
network.  
Surface Access to the Airports 
In order to improve the range of services to passengers, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and improve local 
air quality, Avinor wants, on a general basis, to facilitate as many journeys as possible to and from the airports 
to be made by public transportation and other means of transport that do not cause emissions.  Most measures 
for increasing the use of public transportation fall however outside of Avinor's sole areas of responsibility and 
require co-operation with several other stakeholders.  
It is important for Avinor to facilitate the charging of electric vehicles in Avinor's parking areas.  This work 
began in 2014, and in 2023 the charging company Mer won a tender competition to develop charging 
infrastructure.  The contract extends over 12 years and has an estimated total value of nearly NOK 1.3 billion.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Mer will expand the fast charging services to 17 Avinor airports and the slow charging offering from the 
current 29 airports to 42 airports (comprising all of Avinor airports except for Svalbard, Longyear).  
Climate risk  
Climate change poses significant challenges to Avinor's operations in Norway.  In the future, Norway is 
expected to experience a warmer, more volatile, and wetter climate with regional and local variations.  Failure 
to adapt infrastructure to these changes could have major physical and economic consequences.  Avinor has 
been assessing the impact of climate change on its operations since 2001, in collaboration with other transport 
authorities.  Avinor also cooperates with international organisations like Airport Council International (ACI) 
and Eurocontrol on climate adaptation efforts. 
Most of Avinor's airports are located along the Norwegian coastline, with some being particularly exposed and 
having runways close to sea level.  Each airport has unique characteristics, so the specific impacts of climate 
change vary.  Avinor has undertaken several projects to adapt airport infrastructure to future climate conditions, 
including measures to protect runways.  For example, in Svalbard, where permafrost is melting, ongoing 
actions are required to maintain the runway. 
A comprehensive climate risk assessment was conducted by Avinor in 2014 and updated in 2022 for all 
airports.  Based on this assessment, Avinor continues to implement systematic climate adaptation measures, 
considering expected impacts on terminal buildings and other infrastructure.  Preventive maintenance systems 
have been introduced to account for climatic variations.  Avinor has established routines and procedures to 
prevent risks on a daily basis and mitigate damage during challenging weather conditions.  
Climate risks, both transitional and physical, have been a priority for Avinor for the past two decades.  
Currently, Avinor is finalising a climate risk assessment based on the recommendations methodology of the 
TCFD to systematise information and policies within Avinor. 
Environmental efforts 
Background 
All of Avinor's airports have valid environmental permits and Oslo airport is also required to comply with 
certain noise regulations.  Avinor systematically works to reduce its environmental impact through its 
environmental management system activities.  These activities include: actions and initiatives carried out at 
individual airports; special processes for chemical procurement to prevent the use and emissions of harmful 
substances; control and maintenance routines to minimise chemical emissions; emergency readiness 
procedures to handle acute emissions; and environmental monitoring of water areas around airports to ensure 
minimal environmental impact.  Annual environmental risk assessments are carried out at each airport.  Despite 
comprehensive efforts, certain significant risks, such as per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and de-
icing chemicals, require ongoing attention to comply with environmental permits. 
PFAS 
Environmentally hazardous additives, PFAS, have previously been detected in fire-extinguishing foam and 
have been dispersed into the environment around Avinor's airports.  Considerable efforts have been made to 
obtain an overview of PFAS in soil, water and biota close to Avinor's airports.  In 2012, Avinor switched to 
using fluorine-free fire-fighting foam.  
Avinor received orders from The Norwegian Environmental Agency in 2020 to conduct further investigations 
of soil, water and biota at fire training areas at several airports and will conduct investigations in accordance 
with the requirements.  In addition, Avinor has prepared remediation action plans for a minimum of 13 
contaminated sites with the intention of implementing measures until 2027.  In 2024 Avinor has conducted 
investigations and will continue to investigate in 2025 on 9 locations considered as not sufficiently mapped.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Remedial action is completed or ongoing at nine airports, either as treatment of water or as "excavate and 
dispose" and such remedial actions will start at two more airports in 2025. The earliest remedial action plans 
will preferably describe excavation and landfill disposal.  However, Avinor seeks knowledge on other 
remediation technologies for PFAS with the objective to find better methods for cost-efficient removal of the 
contamination.  
Total provision related to external environment clean-up costs as of 30 September 2024 is NOK 858 million.  
The provision related to external environment clean-up will be updated in future accounting periods when 
more information is available.  Avinor has ongoing dialogue with the Norwegian Environment Agency on this 
topic.  
De-icing chemicals 
To be able to operate safely in winter conditions, de-icing chemicals are used both on airplanes and runway 
and taxiways systems at airports.  The use and emission of these chemicals are strictly regulated by local 
emission permissions from the environmental authorities and are not to result in any unacceptable 
environmental impact on surrounding natural environments.  At many Avinor airports, infrastructure has 
therefore been constructed to collect the chemicals and other measures have also been implemented to handle 
the chemicals in an acceptable way.  Climate change have led to increased winter rainfall and temperature 
changes which causes an increase in the consumption of such chemicals.  Avinor is monitoring the 
development and is considering the need for certain measures.  If this development continues, there is a risk 
for both increased costs in respect of such measures and operational restraints under demanding winter 
conditions. 
Aircraft Noise 
The reduction of aircraft and helicopter noise is an important action area within Avinor's environmental efforts 
because of the number of people it impacts.  Avinor seeks to reduce noise exposure from civilian aircraft and 
helicopter traffic, in addition to conducting regular mapping and route monitoring at its major airports. 
A short-term target of at least 25 per cent. curved approaches at Oslo Airport was adopted for 2025.  Curved 
approaches have both an effect on climate, because they can reduce fuel consumption due to shorter flown 
distances, and reduced noise exposure for the airports' neighbours because traffic can be diverted outside built-
up areas to a greater extent than is possible with conventional approach procedures.  
Helicopter noise is a significant issue at the six airports with offshore traffic.  Approach and departure 
procedures at Stavanger and Bergen airports are specifically designed to avoid densely populated areas and 
preferences for flight levels above 1900 ft are being implemented together with airspeed limits of 120 kts.  
These measures are being implemented in close cooperation with local authorities as well as air traffic control, 
helicopter operators and the oil and gas industry.  
At Evenes airport, the introduction of the F-35 Quick Reaction Alert aircraft has produced a significant risk of 
hearing damage to unprotected passengers and staff.  Administrative measures are in place and comprehensive 
physical measures are in planning to reduce the risk of hearing damage. 
Circular Economy 
Avinor aims to be part of the transition to a circular economy for the best possible utilisation of resources and 
reduced extraction of raw materials.  This also involves the prevention of waste and wastage and a vision of 
zero waste, only using resources in cycles.  Avinor has decided goals for the 2021-2025 period related to 
residual waste, reduction of food waste and recovery and reuse of waste from construction and engineering 
projects.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Biodiversity 
Many of Avinor's airports are located in or around areas rich in biodiversity.  These areas include conservation 
areas with rare species, salmon rivers, and salmon fjords.  Several airports host habitats for endangered species 
and endangered habitats.  
Avinor's operations, use of chemicals, airport development and projects affect biodiversity in and around 
airports in negative ways.  In some instances, Avinor does observe positive influences, for example in areas 
where sandy, large meadows or similar areas which may be habitats for rare or endangered species are 
preserved or developed.   
In order to maintain an overview of the natural values of Avinor's properties and areas of influences, Avinor 
conducted biodiversity surveys at all of its airports over the period 2009 – 2014.  This information is used in 
operations, master plans and projects and the administrative advice from the surveys is followed up on within 
the framework of safe and efficient airport operations.  Measures are being implemented in several areas to 
protect or improve biodiversity.  Measures are also being introduced against non-native and invasive species.  
In Q3 and Q4 in 2024, Avinor is carrying out a nature risk assessment in accordance with the recommendations 
set forth by the TNFD. 
(c) Being a professional and attractive employer 
Avinor's objective is to create valuable relationships.  This is reflected in a value platform which provides clear 
requirement for employee performance.  Norway in general has a system of labour relations, collective 
bargaining and employee involvement that is more robust than comparable countries both in Europe and other 
parts of the world.  This is incorporated both in legislation, collective agreements and company-based practice 
forming a system of worker's rights and privileges.  As an EEA member all relevant EU directives are 
implemented in Norway.  A certain number of the members of the Avinor board, must be elected by and among 
the employees according to Norwegian legislation.  Avinor offers a full range of employee and social benefits 
covering pension schemes, health insurance, life insurance and other benefits for the employees.  Avinor also 
has collective agreements with its employees covering salaries and wages, hours of work and working 
conditions. 
(d) Ensuring that Avinor conducts its business responsibly 
Avinor is working systematically to combat all forms of corruption, discrimination, environment crime and 
harassment.  The Group's ethics guidelines and effective notification procedures are obligatory for 
management, employees, suppliers and partners.  There is zero-tolerance for all forms of corruption and Avinor 
works to combat anti-competitive behaviour.   
Avinor is subject to the Norwegian Transparency Act which promotes enterprises' respect for fundamental 
human rights and decent working conditions in connection with the production of goods and the provision of 
services.  It also ensures the general public access to information regarding how enterprises address adverse 
impacts on fundamental human rights and decent working conditions.  
Avinor is subject to regulations for public procurement.  On this basis Avinor is obliged to have in place 
appropriate routines to promote respect for fundamental human rights in public procurement where there is a 
risk of violation of such rights.  Consequently, all of Avinor's suppliers and business partners must sign an 
agreement on responsible business conduct.  Potential suppliers competing for contracts with Avinor must 
commit to comply with our principles of responsible business conduct, that reflects Avinor's ethical 
regulations.  Our suppliers are also committed to ensure that their suppliers comply with Avinor's ethical 
regulations.  Avinor demands from contracting partners that: 
• 
International human rights are respected and that they do not contribute to violations of these. 
• 
Satisfaction of minimum wage requirements for workers

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
• 
Working hours in accordance with applicable national law with adequate opportunities for rest the 
workers. 
• 
Written employment contracts in a language understood by the workers. 
Technology 
The airport industry, including Avinor, is currently going through a technological transformation, and it is 
important to Avinor to take advantage of the potential from the use of technology to achieve its overall strategic 
goals.  Avinor's technology strategy is intended to ensure a right use and common direction across the 
organisation in working with and developing technology and it has six prioritised areas:   
• 
Digitalisation of airports: the ambition is to run Avinor's airports increasingly efficiently in order to 
generate new revenue streams, improve customer experience and to take advantage of the network 
effects from being a national airport operator by the use of data, automatisation. and implementation 
of new technologies (for example AI and robotisation).  
• 
Digitalisation of airspace: a digitalised airspace facilitates the sharing of information across borders 
and Avinor will increase and prioritise investments in cloud-based services when appropriate. 
• 
Streamlining and digitalising services within the Group: the ambition is to establish digital tools and 
solutions that are user friendly which will ensure efficient cooperation across the Group, reduce 
complexity and maximise the utilisation of existing technology to improve and achieve efficient and 
scalable group services. 
• 
Innovation through AI and data: Avinor aims to leverage the opportunities inherent in AI and data-
driven decisions to realise strategic ambitions and prepare Avinor for the future. 
• 
IT security and cyber: an increased dependency on technology requires IT- and cyber-security as a 
fundamental and integrated part of the technological strategy.  Involuntary operational disruptions 
caused by external factors might be critical for Avinor and society in general, (see also “Risk Factors 
– Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme – Avinor may be negatively impacted by cybersecurity threats and information security 
incidents”).  On this basis, Avinor need to build and improve current capabilities for identification of 
risk, protection against threats, detection of potential threats, responses and post incident recovery. 
• 
Future airspace control: Avinor's aim to is to optimise aviation safety in accordance with regulatory 
requirement and the Single European Sky air traffic management Research (SESAR) and the air traffic 
masterplan (ATM) for Europe, the comprehensive roadmap designed to modernise ATM in Europe.  
The overall target for the plan is to ensure that Europe's airspace becomes more efficient, safe and 
environmentally friendly.  The roadmap has been initiated by the EU.  
Planned and on-going development projects  
Avinor plans to invest approximately NOK 3.3 billion in projects in 2025.  The project portfolio mainly 
consists of large ongoing infrastructure and technology projects and critical maintenance.  Avinor is investing 
in strategic projects to sustain commercial revenue, support the transition to more sustainable aviation and 
facilitate civil services carried out at the airports.  
In 2025 Avinor's project portfolio will continue the to focus on critical maintenance, which was reduced during 
the COVID-19 pandemic.  The largest part of the portfolio is major construction and technology projects that 
are in the execution phase.  The year-on-year increase in new investment in critical maintenance amounts to 
NOK 0.1 billion in 2025. 
Overview of Avinor's investment allocation for the 2025 project portfolio 
• 
Ongoing construction and development projects: 55 per cent.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
• 
Reinvestments and maintenance projects: 35 per cent. 
• 
Other projects, fulfillment of new requirements imposed by Norwegian and EU authorities, Green 
Sustainability and strategic innovation: 10 per cent. 
Avinor will continue to evaluate the need for new strategic projects considering its financial situation and 
projected traffic at its airports.  Simultaneously, projects that can increase effectiveness, efficiency and 
positively impact sustainability will be carefully considered going forward.   
Examples of large ongoing projects 
Future ATM-system  
Together with six other European air control organisations, Avinor is implementing a new air traffic 
management system which will yield higher efficiency, automated route-guiding and fulfill new mandatory 
requirements set by European authorities.  The first phase is set to be completed in 2026. 
Remote Towers  
Avinor is implementing remote towers at smaller regional airports.  A hub is now operational in Bodø which 
will, with the projected plan, operate fifteen different airports by the middle of 2025.This enables effective 
clustering of knowledge in larger hubs. Phase two of the programme was approved in Q1 2024. This will 
include another seven airports to the operational hub in Bodø, with planned completion in 2027.   
Replacement of the baggage handling system (BHS) serving Terminal 1 at Oslo airport  
The old baggage handling system has been replaced and the installation of the new baggage handling system 
is well underway. Stepwise commissioning for the first phase is now under execution. The project is estimated 
to be completed in 2026. 
New air navigation/tower system at Oslo airport 
The current tower system at Oslo airport needs to be replaced and modernised to maintain existing operations. 
There is an end-of-life state on much of the technical equipment and infrastructure, as well as lack of supplier 
support. Initiation of the execution phase was approved in Q4 2024. Estimated completion is in 2030. 
Maintenance projects 
Each year Avinor invests in existing infrastructure to maintain safe and stable operations.  The maintenance 
budget was significantly reduced during the pandemic years.  Since then, Avinor has increased investments to 
avoid creating a further backlog. Avinor’s focus going forward will be to stabilise the maintenance backlog, 
and in the process become more data-driven with regards to prioritisation. Multi-year plans for maintenance 
have been developed and implemented to assist in this work. 
State financed investments 
New airport at Mo i Rana   
In 2022 the construction of a new airport in Mo in Rana commenced.  The project will be financed by the 
Norwegian government, the local municipality and minor contributions from the local industry and 
community.  The Norwegian Parliament has granted funding of up to the management framework P50.  Avinor 
will cover excess costs above this threshold.  The planned construction phase is 2022 to 2026.  When the new 
airport is completed, operations at the existing airport will be terminated.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
New airport at Bodø   
The Issuer’s board of directors (the Board) approved the construction of the new airport in Bodø on 7 
December 2022.  The new airport is scheduled for completion in 2029.  
The predicted cost to develop the airport will be covered by the Norwegian government, the municipality and 
Avinor. The share of cost includes purchase and sale of land and infrastructure between the parties excluding 
financing costs.  Avinor's financial contribution to the project is NOK 2.4 billion, in Q4 2023 prices. 
Early phase and planned projects 
New air control centre at Bodø   
In connection with the new airport at Bodø, a new air control centre (ACC) needs to be developed. The centre 
will also include redundancy for the remote tower centre and remote services for the new airport at Bodø. The 
construction will be included in the new airport Bodø project management, but financed by Avinor. Projected 
cost is estimated to NOK 0.6 billion with completion in 2029. 
Organisational structure 
Description of the Group 
The legal structure of the Group is presented in the table below: 
Directly 
owned 
subsidiaries 
Home country 
Business office 
Main business 
Avinor 
Ownership  
Avinor Flysikring 
AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
ANS 
100 % 
Svalbard Lufthavn 
AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Airport 
100 % 
Avinor 
Utvikling 
AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Holding 
100 % 
Subsidiaries of Avinor Utvikling AS 
 
Home country 
Business office 
Main business 
Avinor Utvikling 
AS Ownership  
Hotel Østre AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Real estate 
100 % 
Flyporten AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Real estate 
100 % 
Flesland Eiendom 
AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Real estate 
100 % 
Værnes 
Eiendom 
AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Real estate 
100 % 
Sola 
Hotel 
Eiendom AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Real estate 
100 % 
Hell Eiendom AS 
Norway 
Oslo 
Real estate 
100 %

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsidiary of Avinor Flysikring AS 
 
Home country 
Business office 
Main business 
Avinor Flysikring 
AS Ownership  
NINOX ANS S.l 
Spain 
Madrid 
ANS 
51 % 
Shareholders 
Ownership 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the share capital of Avinor AS is NOK 5,400,100,000, divided into 
540,010 shares, each with a par value of NOK 10,000.  Avinor's equity at any given time shall correspond to 
at least 40 per cent. of the total of the Group's net interest-bearing debt and equity according to Avinor's Articles 
of Association.  
Avinor AS is a wholly state-owned limited company.  The Shareholder's rights are safeguarded by the 
responsible cabinet minister or his deputy at the General Meeting. 
Change in control of the Issuer 
There are no plans, known to the Issuer, that on a subsequent date will result in a change in control of the 
Issuer. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
Each member of the Board and the executive management group have the following business address:   
Avinor AS  
P.O. Box 150  
N- 2061 Gardermoen 
Norway 
The Board complies with the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act's requirements for management and 
supervision of Norwegian companies.  The Board's duties are stipulated in separate instructions, which are 
reviewed annually and updated when required.  The Board has an annual plan for its work related to strategy 
implementation or reaching specified strategic goals.  The Board has an Audit and Risk Committee, as well as 
committees for human resources (HR), renumeration and health, safety and environment (HSE).   
Board of Directors  
The table below set out the members of the Board of Avinor: 
Name 
Position 
Tone Wille 
Chairperson 
Ola Henrik Strand 
Vice Chairperson 
Rolf Gunnar Roverud 
Board member 
Inger Lise Strøm 
Board member

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Fridtjof Berents 
Board member 
Heidi Anette Sørum 
Employee-elected Board member 
Mari Halvorsen Sundgot 
Employee-elected board member 
Sverre Ivar Elsbak 
Employee-elected board member 
Tone Wille, Chairperson  
Born: 1963 
Position: Former CEO, Posten Bring Group 
Education: Cand. Jur, 1982  
Board member since 2024  
Other directorships: Chairperson of: International Postal Corporation. Board member of: Norske Skog ASA, 
Cermaq Group AS and Sameiet Professor Dahls gate 22 
Ola Henrik Strand, Vice Chairperson  
Born: 1957  
Position: Former Business advisor Global Fresh Food Ltd., California, USA and business advisor Purefresh 
Inc. California, USA 
Education: MBA in Strategic Management, NHH (1996-1998); The Norwegian Military academy (1980-
1983); Economics, Trondheim Økonomiske Høgskole (1978-1980)  
Board member since 2012  
Other directorships: Chairperson of Innovasjon Norge, Nordic Logistics AS, Cargo Linea AS, B. Iversen 
Spedisjon AS and Nordenfjeldske Papirindustri AS, Vice chairperson at Transportøkonomisk Institutt and 
Deputy Board Member of Frem Holding AS. 
Rolf Gunnar Roverud, Board member 
Born: 1958  
Position: Former CEO Infranord Norge AS  
Education: Master of Strategy, Change Management and General Management, Norwegian School of 
Management, Handelshøyskolen BI  
Board member since 2021  
Other directorships: Chairperson of Acquario AS  
Fridtjof Berents, Board member 
Born: 1972 
Position: CEO Toluma AS, Skips AS Tudor and Tallyman AS 
Education: Master of Science in Economics from the University of Oslo and a MBA from the Norwegian 
School of Economics (NHH)  
Board member since 2024 
Other directorships: Chairperson of: Toluma Regnskap AS and Frikasa AS. Board member of: Toluma Global 
AS, Toluma Norden AS, Toluma Kreditt AS, Toluma Invest AS, Mustad Industrier AS, Mustad Industrier 
Holding AS, Mustad Industrier Kapital AS, Tallyman AS, Aino AS, Herfell og Omegn Vann og Avløp AS, 
Herfell og Omegn Hytteeierforening and Forening For Finansfag Norge. 
Inger Lise Strøm, Board member  
Born: 1971

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Position: Director shared services SIKT 
Education: Master of Business and Economics, 1994  
Board member since: 2022  
Other directorships: None  
Sverre Ivar Elsbak, Employee-elected Board member  
Born: 1975  
Position: Air Traffic Controller, Polaris Farris TMA  
Education: Certified air traffic controller since 2000  
Board member since 2023  
Other directorships:  Executive Board Member, Norwegian Air Traffic Controllers' Association. Chair, 
International Air Traffic Controllers' Equity Diversity and Inclusion Task Force.  
Heidi Anette Sørum, Employee-elected Board member  
Born: 1967  
Position: Chief Employee Health and Safety Contact,  
Education: Leadership course, NKI; 1-year Marketing Communication studies, Oslo School of Management; 
Course in law, NKI and University of Oslo; Leadership course and courses in Political Science, University of 
Bergen; Human Resource Management and leadership, Lillehammer University College, Board law, BI. Board 
member since 2011  
Other directorships: Board member of NTL Landsforening 50.   
Mari Halvorsen Sundgot, Employee-elected Board Member  
Born: 1988  
Position: Flight data operator, Bodø ATCC  
Education:  Air traffic services; Bachelor's degree in work psychology, Project management  
Board member since 2023  
Other directorships: Union leader, Delta Luftfart, Board member Delta 
No member of the Board has potential conflicts of interest between their duties to the Issuer and their private 
interests and/or other duties. 
Executive Management Group 
The table below sets out the members of the executive management group of Avinor effective as of the date 
of this Offering Circular: 
Name 
Position 
Abraham Foss 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mari Hermansen 
EVP Organisation and Corporate Support 
Petter Arne Johannessen 
EVP Strategy and Corporate Governance/ CFO 
Joachim Lupnaav Johnsen 
EVP Commercial 
Anders Kirsebom 
EVP National, Regional and Local Airports 
Thorgeir Landevaag 
EVP Major Airports

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Jan Gunnar Pedersen 
EVP Air Navigation 
Karianne Helland Strand 
EVP Sustainability, Concept & Infrastructure  
Lars Vågsdal 
EVP IT and Technology 
John-Ragnar Aarset 
EVP Communication 
Abraham Foss  
Born: 1964  
Education: Master of Science; Business Administration, Norwegian School of Economics (1986-1990), Part 
of Bachelor Studies in Law, University of Bergen (1988-1989), Russian Language Studies, Part of Bachelor, 
University of Oslo (1984-1985), Norwegian Defence Language School, Russian Language Studies and 
military training (1984-1985), Insead Executive Board Programme, France (2018), Various leadership 
programs, London Business School, IMD Wharton (1997-2009). 
Background: CEO of Telia Norway (2015-2020), Head of Enterprise Maxis Berhad, Malaysia (2014-2015), 
Senior Vice President & Finance Director Digital Services of Telenor Group (2012-2013), CMO and Vice 
President Business of Telenor Norway (2008-2012), CEO Sandsvær Sparebank (2007-2008), Regional 
Director Americas Innovation Norway (2005-2007), Vice President IT operations, Telenor Business Solutions 
(2002-2005).  
Joined Avinor: 2021 
Directorships (external):  Chairman of Avinor Flysikring AS, Chairman of Stoneart AS, Chairman of Jaspeke 
AS, Member of the Advisory Board at Alliance Venture Delta AB and Board member of Tafjord Connect AS.  
Mari Hermansen  
Born: 1968 
Education: Cand. Jur., University of Oslo (1995); Environmental Law and Policy for Natural Resources and 
Energy & International Comparative Petroleum Law and Policy, University of Dundee, Scotland (1993); 
Undergraduate degree in Criminology (one year study), University of Oslo (1989); German language exam, 
Hartnackschule, Berlin, Germany (1988); Examen Philosophicum, University of Oslo (1987) Background: 
Different leadership positions in SAS Norge (2005-2012); Lawyer & Associate Lawyer, Hjort DA (2002-
2005); Associate Lawyer and legal advisor, Storebrand ASA (1995-1998); Consultant, Financial Markets 
Department, Ministry of Finance (1995-1998)  
Joined Avinor: 2012  
Directorships (external): Board member at Hjott Export AS.  
Petter Arne Johannessen 
Born: 1958 
Education: Bachelor of commerce/business studies (BI 1981), MBA in Finance, investments and banking, 
University of Wisconsin, Madison, US (1990) 
Background: Finance Director at Thorn Nordic (1999-2004); Director information systems at Nycomed 
Amersham (1997-1999); CFO of Nycomed Americas, US (1994-1997); CFO of Nycomed Pharma, Norway 
(1990-1994)  
Joined Avinor: 2004  
Directorships (external): None  
Joachim Lupnaav Johnsen

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Born: 1974  
Education: Bachelor Political Science, Master of Science in marketing & business administration 
Background: Sales & Marketing Elkjøp Nordic, Purchasing Manager Central Europe - Dixons Carphone, 
Senior Consultant, Partner & Owner MarkUp Consulting, Owner & Senior Partner Implement Consulting 
Group, Managing Partner Norway  Implement Consulting Group  
Joined Avinor: 2020  
Directorships (external): Owner and Chairman JLJ Management AS, Board member Sululta Norge 
(foundation raising money for education & security of Ethiopian children), Deputy Chairman of Krok 
Hytteeierforening  
Anders Kirsebom  
Born: 1964  
Education: Bachelor's in Business and Administration, Økonomisk College, Oslo Commerce School 
Background: Director, Large Airports Division, Avinor; Director, Business and Service Division, Avinor; 
Director, Business Development, NSB AS; Finance Manager, Person Traffic Division, NSB AS; Division 
Controller, Esselte Kontor og Data  
Joined Avinor: 2002  
Directorships (external): Chairman of the Board Svalbard Lufthavn AS, Board member of Airport 
Coordination Norway AS; Proprietor of Kirsebom Eiendom, Chairman of FS Air Navigation Services, 
Chairman of NINOX Air Navigation Services Spain 
Thorgeir Landevaag  
Born: 1969 
Education: M.Sc. Infrastructure engineering  
Background: Oslo airport, Director Terminal Operations (2015-2018); Oslo airport, Director T2 Airport 
extension-project (2011 – 2017); Eidsiva Energy, Manager QHSE (2009-2011); Oslo airport, Director QHSE 
(2006-2009); Oslo airport, Manager QHSE (2006-1999); Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority, Advisor (1997-
1999); Norwegian Defence Construction services, Advisor (1993-1997).  
Joined Avinor: 1999  
Directorships (external): None  
Jan Gunnar Pedersen  
Born: 1969  
Education: Master of Business Administration, aviation Management Nord Universitet  
Background: Director, Business Area Enroute Avinor ANS, Deputy Head of ATM, Avinor ANS, Head of 
ATM Development and Support, Avinor, Senior Adviser ATM, Avinor, Adviser ATM, Avinor  
Joined Avinor: 1992  
Directorships (external): None  
Lars Vågsdal  
Born: 1966  
Education: Master of Science, Computer science, Telecommunications 
Background: COO TietoEVRY/EVRY Banking, CIO Telenor Norway, COO and CTO Norkring  
Joined Avinor: 2022  
Directorships (external): None 
Karianne Helland Strand 
Born: 1980

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Education: Master of Business and Economics/Siviløkonom, BI Norwegian Business School (1999-2003) 
Master of Science in Business major in Strategy, BI Norwegian Business School. (2003-2004)- BI Norwegian 
Business School. Board. Course exam: Companies Act and Formal Board of Directors Competence. Female 
Future NHO l Leadership Program. 
Background: Bluegarden AS, Sales positions (2004-2007), Capgemini Consulting – Senior consultant (2007-
2012),  Sønnico Tele AS, Eltel Sønnico AS, Eltel Networks leading positions within contract management and 
business development (2012-2016), Bane NOR SF Senior advisor Contracts (2017-2018) 
Joined Avinor: 2018 
Directorships (external): None   
John-Ragnar Aarset  
Born: 1973  
Education: Bachelor Political Science 
Background: State Secretary in the Ministry of Transport, Secretary General of the Norwegian Conservative 
Party, PR Consultant in Hill+Knowlton Strategies and several positions on national level of the Norwegian 
Conservative Party  
Joined Avinor: 2022  
Directorships (external): Chairman of the board of "Det Norske Samlaget" (Norwegian publisher foundation) 
No member of the executive management group has potential conflicts of interest between their duties to the 
Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
TAXATION 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain Norwegian tax consequences for holders of the Notes who are resident 
in Norway for tax purposes. The summary is based on Norwegian tax legislation as at the date of this document 
and is intended to provide general information only. The tax treatment of each Noteholder partly depends on 
the holder's specific situation; this summary does not take into consideration any rules applicable to holders 
subject to special tax regimes, such as banks, insurance companies or tax-exempt organisations. Each investor 
should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to their particular circumstances resulting 
from holding Notes. Any changes to applicable tax laws may have a retrospective effect.  
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to the Notes. 
Instead, the tax treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital income 
and capital gains. Norwegian tax law is based on substance over form. If the terms of the Notes include 
conditions that are common to equity instruments, and that the Notes after an overall assessment are 
considered to have more characteristics of equity instruments rather than debt, the economic reality may 
overrule the formalities for income tax purposes. Thus, the applicable terms of the Notes may cause the 
taxation of the Notes to depart from the taxation treatment described in this summary. In the following, it is 
assumed that the Notes do not qualify as equity instruments for income tax purposes. 
Note that for the purposes of this summary, a reference to the residency of a holder of Notes is a reference to 
the tax residency and not the nationality of such person. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to persons who are not tax resident in Norway and have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes are, under present Norwegian tax law, not subject to, 
and may be made without, any withholding or deduction for or on account of any Norwegian taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges, provided that the Notes have not been used in or attached to any business 
activity operated through a permanent establishment; except for withholding tax applicable to interest 
payments if the payments are made to related parties resident within low tax jurisdictions. 
For the purposes of the Norwegian Taxation Act: (a) a “low-tax jurisdiction” encompasses jurisdictions where 
the ordinary income tax on the combined profits of the company or entity is less than two thirds of the tax 
which would have been levied on the company or entity had it been resident in Norway; and (b) a “related 
party” is: (i) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at least 50 per cent. owned or controlled by the 
paying entity; (ii) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls at least 50 per cent. of the 
paying entity; or (iii) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at least 50 per cent. owned or controlled 
by a related party pursuant to item (ii) above. 
Gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes by persons who are not tax resident 
in Norway and have no connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes are not, under present 
Norwegian law, subject to Norwegian taxes or duties, provided that the Notes have not been used in or attached 
to any business activity operated through a permanent establishment. 
Non-resident holders of Notes are not liable to Norwegian net wealth tax on the holding of the Notes, unless 
the non-resident holder is an individual and the Notes are effectively connected with a business that the 
individual holder of the Notes carries out in Norway. 
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Resident holders of Notes  
Any kind of interest payments or similar payments received on the Notes by persons (individuals or companies) 
tax resident in Norway prior to disposal or redemption is taxable as “ordinary income” subject to the flat rate 
of 22 per cent. For taxpayers with a statutory obligation to keep accounting records interest is taxed on an 
accruals basis (i.e. regardless of when the return is actually paid). For other taxpayers accrued interest is as the 
main rule taxed when the interest is actually paid. 
Redemption at the end of the term as well as prior disposal is treated as realisation of the Notes and will trigger 
a capital gain or loss. Capital gains will be taxable as “ordinary income”, subject to the flat rate of 22 per cent. 
Losses will be deductible in the Noteholder’s “ordinary income”, at the same tax rate. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Noteholder on 
realisation and the cost price of the Notes. The taxable gain is calculated in Norwegian kroner. The amounts 
received are converted to Norwegian kroner at the foreign exchange rate at the time of realisation. The cost 
price is equal to the price for which the Noteholder acquired the Notes, at the foreign exchange rate at the time 
of acquisition. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realisation of the Notes may be deducted 
from the Noteholder’s taxable income in the year of the realisation. 
Any gains or losses derived from foreign currency exchange are taxable or tax deductible in the income year 
of realisation of the Note.  
The value of the Notes at the end of each income year will be included in the computation of the Noteholder’s 
taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. Listed bonds are valued at their quoted 
value on 1 January in the assessment year, while non-listed bonds are valued at their estimated market value 
on 1 January in the assessment year. The marginal tax rate is currently 1.10 per cent. on net wealth in excess 
of NOK 20 million. 
There are currently no Norwegian transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes connected to purchase, disposal 
or redemption of the Notes. Further, there is no VAT on transfer of the Notes. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date.   However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 15 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
of the VPS Notes) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 12 December 2024, agreed with the 
Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than the VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment 
and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Offering 
Circular has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway, 
other than: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor cf. Article 1 no. 4(d) of the Prospectus 
Regulation as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75 (the Norwegian Securities Trading Act); or 
(b) 
to “qualified investors” as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, cf. Article 1 no. 4(a), 
as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act; 
or 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “qualified investors” as defined in Article 2 (e) 
of the Prospectus Regulation, cf. Article 1 no. 4 (b), as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to 
Section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the  
Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 
The Notes shall be registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 
15 March 2019 no. 6 in a securities depository authorised or recognised under Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 
unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax 
residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of 
Norway. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will only be sold in Norway to investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Notes. 
See also the selling restriction “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that any Notes will only be offered in The Netherlands to Qualified Investors 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), unless such offer is made in accordance with the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused any 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by an accredited investor which is: 
(a) 
a corporation the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who 
is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within except: 
(i) 
 to an institutional investor or to an accredited investor; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law.  
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2021 of Singapore and a reference 
to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or 
amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant 
time. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 11 December 2024. The Issuer has obtained and will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.  
Listing of Notes and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II.  The listing of the Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be 
granted on or around the date of this Offering Circular. 
In the case of VPS Notes, application will be made to the Oslo Stock Exchange for such VPS Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular (save in respect of the documents set 
out in paragraph (c) below, which will be available for a period of 10 years following the date of this Offering 
Circular), copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website 
of the Issuer:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer (available at: 
https://www.avinor.no/en/corporate/about-us/the-avinor-group/articles-of-association); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, VPS Trustee Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons (available at: 
https://avinor.no/en/corporate/investors/funding/emtn-programme); and 
(c) 
this Offering Circular, any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, 
supplements to this Offering Circular and Final Terms and any other documents incorporated herein 
or therein by reference (available at: https://avinor.no/en/corporate/investors/funding/emtn-
programme). 
A Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including the VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of the VPS is Tollbugata 2, N-0152 Oslo.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group 
since 30 September 2024; and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Independent Auditors 
The elected independent auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young AS. The address of Ernst & Young AS is 
Stortorvet 7, NO-0155 Oslo, Postboks 1156 Sentrum, NO-0155 Oslo, Norway. The partners in Ernst & Young 
AS are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants who have audited the Issuer’s consolidated 
financial statements, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for each of the two financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
For the purposes of the above three paragraphs, the term affiliates also includes parent companies. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas 
group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
ISSUER 
Avinor AS 
Drammensveien 144 
0277 Oslo 
Norway 
 
ISSUING, PRINCIPAL PAYING AND LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-2085 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg  
 
VPS AGENT 
DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
P.O. Box 1600 Sentrum 
0021 Oslo 
Norway 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
P.O. Box 1470, Vika 
0160 Oslo 
Norway 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Arntzen de Besche AS 
Ruseløkkveien 30 
P.O. Box 2734 Solli 
0204 Oslo 
Norway 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 
Ernst & Young AS 
Stortorvet 7 
NO-0155 Oslo 
Postboks 1156 Sentrum 
NO-0155 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
  
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
DNB Bank ASA 
Postboks 1600 Sentrum 
0021 Oslo 
Norway 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5  
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden