--- Page 1 ---
AXA 
€20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This Base Prospectus supersedes all previous offering circulars or base prospectuses prepared in connection with the Euro Medium Term Note Programme of AXA 
(the Issuer) which are still valid at the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. Any notes (the Notes) issued under the €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the Programme) on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. The Notes may be issued in bearer 
or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” below and any additional dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each, a Dealer and together, the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. Notes may also be issued to third parties other than Dealers. Any Dealer or third party to whom Notes 
are issued shall be referred to herein as a Purchaser. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a description of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under 
the Luxembourg Law of July 16, 2019 (the Prospectus Law 2019) implementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and is valid 
until March 28, 2026. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. By approving this Base 
Prospectus, in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Law 2019, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operations 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.  
Application may be made for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus (i) to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or (ii) to any other stock exchange for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and listed on such stock exchange. Notes may also be 
unlisted. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) as defined in and in reliance on Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (Rule 144A) and to certain persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) unless the Notes are 
registered under the Securities Act or another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. See “Form of the Notes” for a description 
of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the insurer financial strength ratings of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P Global Ratings), Moody’s France SAS (Moody’s) and A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V.(AM Best) are A+ with Positive outlook, Aa3 with Positive 
outlook and A+ (Superior) with Stable outlook, respectively. The insurer financial strength ratings of the Issuer’s principal insurance subsidiaries assigned by S&P 
Global Ratings and Moody’s are AA- with Positive outlook and Aa3 with Positive outlook, respectively. The long term debt ratings of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global 
Ratings, Moody’s and AM Best are A+ with Positive outlook, A1 with Positive outlook and aa- (Superior) with stable outlook, respectively. The short term debt ratings 
of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global Ratings and Moody’s are A-1+ and P-1, respectively. Each of S&P Global Ratings, Moody’s and AM Best is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (the CRA Regulation) and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus1. S&P Global Ratings, Moody’s and AM Best are not established in the United Kingdom and have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly, 
the ratings of the Issuer have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and A.M. Best – Europe Rating Services Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of S&P Global Ratings, Moody’s and AM Best 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
The Programme is not rated, but certain tranches of Notes (each a Tranche and together the Tranches) to be issued under the Programme may be rated by one or 
more credit rating agencies on a case by case basis as set out in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation, or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit 
rating agency without notice. 
Amounts payable under the floating rate notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation), such as EURIBOR, 
SONIA, €STR or SOFR or any other reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is 
included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, €STR and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 thereof, such that the 
administrators of these benchmarks are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration. The applicable Final Terms in respect of an issue of floating rate 
notes may specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register referred to above. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers  
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank  
HSBC  
ING  
 J.P. Morgan  
Morgan Stanley  
NATIXIS 
NatWest 
RBC Capital Markets 
 Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
UniCredit  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is March 28, 2025. 
 
1 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation

--- Page 2 ---
Important considerations 
 
2 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
This Base Prospectus (together with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference and 
supplements to this Base Prospectus from time to time) constitutes a “base prospectus” for the purposes 
of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Notes may also be 
issued under the Programme pursuant to an offering document (other than this Base Prospectus) that 
constitutes a “prospectus” for the purposes of Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms, if appropriate, will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and supplements to this Base Prospectus 
from time to time. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents 
are incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any responsibility for any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person 
in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer or the Group (as defined 
below) is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer or the Group during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention.

--- Page 3 ---
Important considerations 
 
3 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, 
the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (including United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation), 
Luxembourg, Belgium, Italy, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland and Canada, see “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) and the regulations or 
agreements thereunder. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms 
of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
Neither the Issuer, nor any of the Dealers makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear 
the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial and other situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential Investor's Currency (as defined 
herein); 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets and with the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes

--- Page 4 ---
Important considerations 
 
4 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Prospective investors should also consult their own financial and legal advisers about 
risks associated with an investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the 
Notes in light of their particular circumstances. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or 
the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally purchase 
complex financial instruments as part of a wider financial structure rather than as stand alone investments. 
They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with a measured 
and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios, and only after performing intensive analysis of all 
involved risks. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes - which are complex financial instruments 
- unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or both) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or both) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines on 
MIFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each Tranche about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
product governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended (the MiFID 
II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer in respect of the relevant Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
Important considerations 
 
5 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each Tranche about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer in respect of the relevant Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty 
(60) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes issued under the Programme are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Excluded Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
U.S. Information and others 
 
6 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs for informational 
use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the 
Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or 
reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other 
than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved or disapproved these securities or 
determined if this Base Prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offence. 
Registered Notes issued by the Issuer may be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons 
only to QIBs in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A or 
any other applicable exemption. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer 
and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in 
registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its 
acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes”. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have 
the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the 
adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is 
unlawful. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll 
dated March 28, 2025 (the Deed Poll) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any 
beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information 
required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, the 
Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of France. The majority of the officers and directors 
named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer 
and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible 
for investors to effect service of process outside France upon the Issuer or such persons, or to enforce 
judgments against them obtained in courts outside France predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer or 
such directors and officers under laws other than French law, including any judgment predicated upon 
United States federal securities laws. The Issuer has been advised that if an original action is brought in 
France based solely upon U.S. Federal Securities laws, French courts may not have the requisite 
jurisdiction to grant the remedies sought and that actions for enforcement of judgments of United States 
courts rendered against the French persons referred to above would require such French persons to waive 
their rights under Article 15 of the French Code civil to be sued only in France. The Issuer believes that no 
such French persons have waived this right with respect to actions predicated solely on U.S. Federal 
securities laws.

--- Page 7 ---
U.S. Information and others 
 
7 
CERTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
In this Base Prospectus unless provided otherwise, (i) the Company, the Issuer, AXA and AXA SA refer 
to AXA, a société anonyme (a public limited company) organised under the laws of France which is the 
publicly traded parent company of the AXA Group, and (ii) AXA Group, the Group and we refer to AXA 
SA together with its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries. 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 
(the Consolidated Financial Statements) are prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the European Union and published in Euro. Unless otherwise 
stated, all amounts in this Base Prospectus are (i) expressed in Euro, with applicable foreign exchange 
rates presented on page 29 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document (as defined under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), and (ii) presented in millions for convenience. Such amounts may have been 
rounded. Rounding differences may exist, including for percentages. 
This Base Prospectus incorporates by reference the Consolidated Financial Statements which are 
included in Part 6 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document (as defined under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”) and have been prepared in compliance with IFRS and interpretations of the 
IFRS Interpretations Committee that are endorsed by the European Union before the balance sheet date 
with a compulsory date of January 1, 2023. Accordingly, the Group uses the option provided by the 
European Union which allows not to apply the annual cohort requirement under IFRS 17 - Insurance 
Contracts for determining the groups of insurance contracts meeting some criteria. 
All references in this document to U.S. Dollars, USD, U.S.$ and $ refer to the currency of the United 
States of America, to Sterling, GBP and £ refer to the currency of the United Kingdom, to Swiss Francs 
and CHF refers to the currency of Switzerland, to Japanese Yen and JPY refers to the currency of Japan 
and to Euro, euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless stated otherwise, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference 
to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 8 ---
Forward-Looking Statements 
 
8 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (and the information incorporated by reference therein) may include statements with 
respect to future events, trends, plans, expectations or objectives and other forward-looking statements 
relating to the Group’s future business, financial condition, results of operations, performance, and 
strategy. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact and may contain the terms 
“may”, “will”, “should”, “continue”, “aims”, “estimates”, “projects”, “believes”, “intends”, “expects”, “plans”, 
“seeks” or “anticipates”, or words of similar meaning. Such statements are based on Management’s current 
views and assumptions and, by nature, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties; therefore, 
undue reliance should not be placed on them. Actual financial condition, results of operations, performance 
or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements, due 
to a number of factors including, without limitation, general economic and political conditions and 
competitive situation; future financial market performance and conditions, including fluctuations in 
exchange and interest rates; frequency and severity of insured or reinsured loss events, and increases in 
loss expenses; mortality and morbidity levels and trends; persistency levels; changes in laws, regulations 
and standards; the impact of acquisitions and disposals, including related integration issues, and 
reorganization measures; and general competitive factors, in each case on a local, regional, national 
and/or global basis. Many of these factors may be more likely to occur, or more pronounced, as a result 
of catastrophic events, including weather-related catastrophic events, pandemics events or terrorist-
related incidents. Please refer to Part 5 – “Risk factors and risk management” of the 2024 Universal 
Registration Document for a description of certain important factors, risks and uncertainties that may affect 
AXA’s business and/or results of operations. AXA undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise 
any of these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect new information, future events or 
circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 
The Base Prospectus refers to certain non-GAAP financial measures, or alternative performance 
measures (APMs), used by Management in analyzing the Group’s operating trends, financial performance 
and financial position and providing investors with additional information that Management believes to be 
useful and relevant regarding the Group’s results. These non-GAAP financial measures generally have no 
standardized meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similarly labelled measures used by other 
companies. As a result, none of these non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in isolation 
from, or as a substitute for, the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with 
IFRS and incorporated by reference herein. The non-GAAP financial measures used by the Group are 
defined in the Glossary set forth on pages 565 to 568 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document and of 
the 2024 French Universal Registration Document.

--- Page 9 ---
Table of Contents 
 
9 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................ 39 
FORM OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................................... 48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................. 52 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 119 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 120 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................... 137 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................................ 143 
TAXATION........................................................................................................................................................ 144 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ......................................... 148 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................. 156

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
10 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of March 14, 2019, as amended (the 
Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below 
and in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
 
Issuer: 
AXA 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
F5WCUMTUM4RKZ1MAIE39 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Size: 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme. 
Risk Factors: 
 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there 
are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer believes that the following risks represent the principal risks 
inherent to it: 
(i) market-related risks: 
• 
negative developments in economic and financial market 
conditions, whether on a national, continental or global basis, 
• 
changes in interest rates and credit spreads,  
• 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates,  
• 
inflation or deflation in the Issuer’s principal markets, 
• 
adverse experience relative to the methodologies, estimates and 
assumptions used by Management in valuing investments and 
determining allowances and impairments,  
(ii) credit and liquidity-related risks:  
• 
adverse capital and credit market conditions, 
• 
downgrades in the Issuer’s insurer and reinsurer financial 
strength and credit ratings, 
• 
the financial condition and conduct of the Issuer’s counterparties,

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
(iii) insurance and reinsurance pricing, underwriting and reserve-
related risks:  
• 
adverse experience relative to the assumptions and judgment 
used in setting reserves, developing and pricing products and 
calculating industry measures of value, 
• 
the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters, including those 
resulting from changing weather patterns, diseases and climatic 
conditions, 
• 
exposition to risks related to climate change and sustainability 
both directly through the Issuer’s own operations and indirectly 
through its insurance and investment activities, 
• 
the Issuer’s risk management programs and hedging strategies 
may be inadequate to protect it against the full extent of the 
exposure or losses and may leave it exposed to unidentified, 
unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risks that could result in 
significant losses, 
• 
reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive and may not 
be adequate to protect the Issuer against losses, in particular in 
the context of cyclical Property & Casualty insurance and 
reinsurance businesses, 
(iv) operational risks: 
• 
cyber-attacks or other security breaches of the Issuer’s computer 
systems, technologies or networks, or those of the Issuer’s third-
party providers, 
• 
failures in the Issuer’s existing operational infrastructure, or the 
Issuer’s failure to adapt effectively to or to integrate emerging 
technologies, 
• 
risks of operation through arrangements with third parties, 
including delegation of underwriting and claims authority, 
• 
inadequate or failed processes or controls, human factors or 
external events, 
• 
risks associated with acquisitions, joint ventures, in-force and 
other transactions, and disposals, to expand, complement, 
reorganize or reduce the Issuer’s exposure to certain business-
related risks, 
• 
risks related to highly competitive environments with evolving 
trends in which the Issuer conducts its businesses, 
• 
the Group or its insurance or reinsurance entities’ failure to meet 
their solvency and capital adequacy requirements, 
• 
the Issuer depends on its subsidiaries to cover operating 
expenses and shareholder distributions, including dividend 
payments, and enable share buy-backs, 
• 
any failure in managing and implementing the Issuer’s strategic 
initiatives, 
(v) regulatory and litigation-related risks:  
• 
the Group and its businesses are subject to extensive regulation, 
regulatory supervision, adverse judicial decisions and emerging 
legal, regulatory and reputational risks in the various jurisdictions 
in which it operates, 
• 
the increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, 
customers, regulators, and other stakeholders regarding climate 
change and other Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
matters, as well as geopolitical matters, impacting the Issuer’s 
business and results of operations may result in increased 
litigation,

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
12 
• 
the evolving and complex regulatory environment surrounding 
data and artificial intelligence, 
• 
as a global business, the Issuer is exposed to various local 
political, regulatory, financial and social risks and challenges, 
• 
lawsuits, regulatory investigations and/or other proceedings to 
which the Issuer has been and may become subject, 
• 
changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations or 
uncertainties in the interpretation of certain tax requirements, 
• 
developments adversely impacting the recoverability of goodwill, 
amortization of intangibles or deferred tax assets.  
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
(vi) Risks relating to the Notes generally include: 
• 
French insolvency law, 
• 
relying on the clearing system procedures for transfer, payment 
and communication with the Issuer, 
• 
binding decisions of meetings of Noteholders, 
• 
taxation advice,  
• 
change in law, and 
• 
application of the resolution powers under the EU Directive on 
Recovery and Resolution of Insurance Undertakings. 
(vii) Risks related to the market generally include: 
• 
credit ratings not reflecting all risks relating to the Notes, 
• 
fluctuation of the market value of the Notes, 
• 
lack of a liquid secondary trading market for the Notes, and/or 
• 
Noteholders receiving payments in currency other than that of 
their financial activities. 
(viii) Certain risks relating to Notes depend on their features and include 
the following: 
• 
redemption 
when 
reinvestment 
circumstances 
are 
not 
advantageous for a Noteholder,  
• 
reduced or no payment of interest,  
• 
payment of principal or interest at a different time or in a different 
currency than expected,  
• 
the notes may trade with accrued interest even though interest 
may not be paid on the relevant interest payment date, and/or 
• 
loss of all or part of a Noteholder's investment, which may be due 
to the Notes (or any return of capital or interest thereon) being 
(A)  subject to optional redemption by the Issuer, (B)  subject to 
changes in interest rates, (C) affected by the impossibility of 
anticipating interest income on floating rate notes, (D)  subject to 
an inverse floating rate of interest, (E) subject to a fixed-to-
floating (or floating-to-fixed) rate of interest, (F) affected by the 
reform and regulation of “benchmarks”, (G) affected by the 
market which continues to develop in relation to risk free rates 
(including overnight rates) as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes, (H) affected by risks linked to Notes referencing SOFR, 
(I) issued at a discount or premium from their principal amount 
(J) structured and/or (K) subordinated.  
 
Arranger: 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
13 
Dealers:  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V.  
J.P. Morgan SE   
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Natixis  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
RBC Europe Limited 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions”). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”) including the following restrictions applicable 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, unless 
they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
Principal Paying Agent, 
Registrar, Transfer 
Agent and Exchange 
Agent:  
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser. 
Redenomination: 
Certain Notes may be redenominated in Euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination are contained in Condition 4. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Purchaser, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency.

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
14 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. The Issue Price will be mentioned in the Final 
Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as set out in “Form 
of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date(s) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis 
of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Other provisions in 
relation to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Purchaser. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate, 
other than SONIA, €STR and SOFR, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may (subject to certain 
conditions) be permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or screen 
rate (as applicable) for a successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the 
terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment 
spread (which could be positive or negative or zero)). See Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at their nominal amount or 
a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption and 
Purchase: 
The Notes may not be redeemed or purchased other than in accordance 
with the terms described hereafter, and any redemption or purchase of 
Subordinated Notes is subject to the fulfilment of the Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase, as provided in Condition 7(k). 
Redemption (Issuer 
Call/Investor Put): 
The relevant Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for tax, regulatory, rating 
or accounting reasons or following an Event of Default or Enforcement 
Event)at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
15 
The Notes may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts and on such dates as are indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Redemption for 
Withholding Tax 
Reasons: 
The Notes may, and in certain circumstances for Senior Notes shall, be 
redeemed for withholding tax reasons, as provided in Condition 7(b)(i). 
Optional Redemption 
for Tax-deductibility 
Reasons:  
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer if the part of 
interest payable by the Issuer under the Notes that is tax-deductible is 
reduced, as provided in Condition 7(b)(ii). 
Optional Redemption, 
Exchange or Variation 
of Subordinated Notes 
for Regulatory Reasons 
or Rating Reasons: 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed or exchanged or varied at 
the option of the Issuer following the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, 
as provided in the Condition 7(g). 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed or exchanged or varied at 
the option of the Issuer following the occurrence of a Rating 
Methodology Event, as provided in the Condition 7(i). 
Optional Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes 
for Accounting 
Reasons: 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
following the occurrence of an Accounting Event, as provided in 
Condition 7(j). 
Optional Redemption 
of Notes under a Clean-
up Call Option: 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer under a Clean-
up Call Option, as provided in Condition 7(e). 
Optional Redemption 
of Senior Notes under a 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option: 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer under a 
Residual Maturity Call Option, as provided in Condition 7(f). 
Optional Redemption 
of Senior Notes under a 
Make-Whole Call: 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer under a 
Make-Whole Call Option, as provided in Condition 7(h). 
Bail-in Power: 
By the subscription or acquisition of Notes, each holder of any Note, 
Coupon, Receipt or Talon, acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power (as 
further described in Condition 18 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and write-down or Conversion Powers”).  
Waiver of Set-off:  
No holder of any Subordinated Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon may at 
any time exercise or claim any Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, 
or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, 
directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation 
to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-
contractual obligation, in each case whether or not relating to such 
Subordinated Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon) and each such holder

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
16 
shall be deemed to have waived all Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential 
rights, claims and liabilities. 
Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of 
any Subordinated Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon for deduction, set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or 
indirectly under or in connection with any Subordinated Note, Coupon, 
Receipt or Talon. 
Denomination of Notes: The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; provided, however, that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be: (i) such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency (see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year”, above); (ii) €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) 
in the case of any Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation; and (iii) 
USD100,000 in the case of Notes offered under Rule 144A. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding 
for, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other 
governmental charges whatsoever imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
France or any political subdivision thereof, or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is 
required by law. In the event that any such deduction or withholding is 
made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 and to the fullest extent then permitted by law, be required 
to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.  
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues in 
respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to fiscal and other laws, as provided in Condition 6(a). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Status of the Senior 
Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, as provided in Condition 3. 
Status of the 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and senior subordinated or ordinary subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, as the case may be, as provided in Condition 3. The status of the 
Subordinated Notes may change during the life of such Notes as 
described in Condition 3. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain events of default provisions 
(including a cross default provision), as provided in Condition 10. 
Enforcement Events: 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes will contain enforcement events 
provisions, as provided in Condition 10.

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
17 
Interest Deferral: 
There may be provisions for the deferral of payment of interest in respect 
of some issues of Subordinated Notes, as provided in Condition 5(d) and 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating: 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the insurer financial strength ratings 
of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P Global Ratings), Moody’s France 
SAS (Moody’s) and A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V.(AM Best) are 
A+ with Positive outlook, Aa3 with Positive outlook and A+ (Superior) 
with Stable outlook, respectively. The insurer financial strength ratings 
of the Issuer’s principal insurance subsidiaries assigned by S&P Global 
Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P 
Global Ratings) and Moody’s France SAS (Moody’s) are AA- with 
Positive outlook and Aa3 with Positive outlook,respectively. 
The long term debt ratings of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global 
Ratings, Moody’s and AM Best are A+ with Positive outlook, A1 with 
Positive outlook and aa-(Superior) with stable outlook, respectively. The 
short term debt ratings of the Issuer assigned by S&P Global Ratings 
and Moody’s are A-1+ and P-1, respectively.  
Each of S&P Global Ratings, Moody’s and AM Best is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s website as of the date of this Base Prospectus2. S&P Global 
Ratings, Moody’s and AM Best are not established in the United 
Kingdom and have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly, the ratings of the Issuer 
have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. and A.M. Best – Europe Rating Services Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with UK CRA Regulation and have not been 
withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of S&P Global Ratings, 
Moody’s and AM Best may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
The ratings set forth above may be subject to revision or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. None of these ratings is an 
indication of the historic or potential performance of AXA’s debt 
securities and should not be relied upon for purpose of making an 
investment decision with respect to any of these securities. 
The Programme is not rated, but certain Tranches of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme may be rated by one or more credit rating 
agencies on a case by case basis as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already 
issued. 
Whether a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as 
having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation, or endorsed 
 
2 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
18 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning credit rating agency. 
Approval and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market. 
Notes may be admitted to trading on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are not admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law, except for the provisions of Condition 3 
paragraphs (a) and (b) which shall be governed by French law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (PRIIPs Regulation), the 
United Kingdom (including United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation), 
Luxembourg, Belgium, Italy, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland 
and Canada, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. 
Regulation S/TEFRA: 
The Issuer is a Category 2 issuer for the purposes of Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes with an original maturity of more than one year may be 
issued under U.S. Treasury Regulations referred to as “TEFRA C” or 
“TEFRA D” or applicable successor or similar rules for the purposes of 
U.S. Federal income tax law. 
Registered Notes may be issued to QIBs under Rule 144A in certain 
circumstances, as set out in “Form of the Notes”.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors, together with the risk factors incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus (on pages 287 to 310 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document, see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
In addition, factors which may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. Prospective investors should also read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated 
by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings when used in this section “Risk Factors”.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
The following risk factors are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus:  
Categories 
Risk factors described within 
each category 
2024 
Universal 
Registration 
Document pages on which the 
risks can be found 
Category 1: Market-related risks 
Negative developments in economic 
and financial market conditions, 
whether on a national, continental or 
global basis 
289 
Changes in interest rates and credit 
spreads 
290 
Fluctuations in currency exchange 
rates 
290 to 291 
Inflation or deflation in the Issuer’s 
principal markets 
291 
Adverse experience relative to the 
methodologies, 
estimates 
and 
assumptions used by Management 
in 
valuing 
investments 
and 
determining 
allowances 
and 
impairments 
292 
Category 2: Credit and liquidity-
related risks 
Adverse capital and credit market 
conditions 
292 
Downgrades in the Issuer’s insurer 
and reinsurer financial strength and 
credit ratings 
293 
The financial condition and conduct 
of the Issuer’s counterparties 
293

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
Category 3: Insurance and 
reinsurance pricing, underwriting 
and reserve-related risks 
Adverse experience relative to the 
assumptions and judgment used in 
setting reserves, developing and 
pricing products and calculating 
industry measures of value 
294 to 295 
The occurrence of natural or man-
made disasters, including those 
resulting from changing weather 
patterns, diseases and climatic 
conditions 
295 to 296  
Exposition to risks related to climate 
change 
and 
sustainability 
both 
directly through the Issuer’s own 
operations and indirectly through its 
insurance and investment activities 
296 to 297 
The 
Issuer’s 
risk 
management 
programs and hedging strategies 
may be inadequate to protect it 
against the full extent of the 
exposure or losses and may leave it 
exposed 
to 
unidentified, 
unanticipated 
or 
incorrectly 
quantified risks that could result in 
significant losses 
297 
Reinsurance may be unavailable or 
too expensive and may not be 
adequate to protect the Issuer 
against losses, in particular in the 
context of cyclical Property & 
Casualty insurance and reinsurance 
businesses 
297 to 298 
Category 4: Operational risks 
Cyber-attacks or other security 
breaches of the Issuer’s computer 
systems, technologies or networks, 
or those of the Issuer’s third-party 
providers 
298 
Failures in the Issuer’s existing 
operational infrastructure, or the 
Issuer’s failure to adapt effectively to 
or 
to 
integrate 
emerging 
technologies 
298 to 299 
Risks 
of 
operation 
through 
arrangements with third parties, 
including delegation of underwriting 
and claims authority 
300 
Inadequate or failed processes or 
controls, human factors or external 
events 
300 
Risks associated with acquisitions, 
joint ventures, in-force and other 
transactions, 
and 
disposals, 
to 
expand, complement, reorganize or 
reduce the Issuer’s exposure to 
certain business-related risks 
301  
Risks related to highly competitive 
environments with evolving trends in 
which the Issuer conducts its 
businesses 
301 to 302 
The Group or its insurance or 
reinsurance entities’ failure to meet 
their solvency and capital adequacy 
requirements 
302 to 303

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
The 
Issuer 
depends 
on 
its 
subsidiaries to cover operating 
expenses 
and 
shareholder 
distributions, 
including 
dividend 
payments, and enable share buy-
backs 
303 to 304 
Any 
failure 
in 
managing 
and 
implementing the Issuer’s strategic 
initiatives 
304 
Category 5: Regulatory and 
litigation-related risks 
The Group and its businesses are 
subject to extensive regulation, 
regulatory 
supervision, 
adverse 
judicial decisions and emerging 
legal, regulatory and reputational 
risks in the various jurisdictions in 
which it operates 
304 to 306  
The increasing scrutiny and evolving 
expectations 
from 
investors, 
customers, regulators and other 
stakeholders 
regarding 
climate 
change and other Environmental, 
Social 
and 
Governance 
(ESG) 
matters, as well as geopolitical 
matters, impacting the Issuer’s 
business and results of operations 
may result in increased litigation 
306 to 307 
The 
evolving 
and 
complex 
regulatory environment surrounding 
data and artificial intelligence 
308 
As a global business, the Issuer is 
exposed to various local political, 
regulatory, financial and social risks 
and challenges 
308 
Lawsuits, regulatory investigations 
and/or other proceedings to which 
the Issuer has been and may 
become subject 
309 
Changes in tax laws, regulations or 
interpretations or uncertainties in the 
interpretation 
of 
certain 
tax 
requirements 
309 
Developments adversely impacting 
the 
recoverability 
of 
goodwill, 
amortization 
of 
intangibles 
or 
deferred tax assets.  
 
310

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
Please refer to pages 287 to 310 (with the exclusion of the section entitled “Risk related to the ownership 
of the Company’s shares”) of the 2024 Universal Registration Document.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
The following paragraphs describe the risk factors that the Issuer believes to be material to the Notes to 
be issued in order to assess the risks associated with the Notes. Therefore, they do not describe all 
potential risks of an investment in the Notes.  
Risks related to the Notes generally  
French Insolvency Law  
As a société anonyme incorporated in France and having its interests in France, French insolvency laws 
could apply to the Issuer. Under French insolvency laws, in the case of the opening in France of an 
accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a safeguard procedure 
(procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) 
or a judicial liquidation procedure (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer, creditors of 
the Issuer (including Noteholders) must file their proof of claims with the creditors’ representative or 
liquidator, as the case may be, within two months (or within four months in the case of creditors domiciled 
outside metropolitan France) of the publication of the opening judgment of the procedure in the BODACC 
(Bulletin officiel des annonces civiles et commerciales).  
As part of a safeguard procedure or a judicial reorganisation procedure, the affected parties (i.e. creditors 
and equity holders whose rights are affected by the proposed restructuring plan) may be grouped into 
classes of affected parties reflecting sufficient commonality of economic interest based on objective 
verifiable criteria (the establishment of creditor classes is not mandatory under certain thresholds (see 
below) applicable to the debtor company and its subsidiaries). As part of an accelerated safeguard 
procedure, the establishment of affected parties’ classes would however be mandatory. 
The allocation of affected parties among classes is carried out by the court-appointed judicial administrator. 
In this context and should they be directly affected by the proposed restructuring plan, Noteholders would 
therefore be members of a class of affected parties (the Relevant Class of Affected Parties) (although it 
cannot be excluded that the Noteholders are divided into more relevant classes of affected parties based 
on objective and ascertainable criteria), potentially along with other affected parties.  
In addition, the receiver (administrateur judiciaire) is required to comply with subordination agreements 
(which should include any subordination provision contained in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
when allocating affected parties into classes. The receiver must disclose the method of allocation of 
affected parties into classes and the computation of voting rights thereof and the interested Holder may 
dispute the same before the relevant procedure’s supervisory judge (juge commissaire).  
The Relevant Class of Affected Parties will deliberate on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauvegarde), the draft accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée) or the draft 
judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement), as applicable, and may further agree to: 
• 
increase the liabilities (charges) of the relevant affected parties (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payments and/or partially or totally writing off claims;  
• 
a differentiated treatment between affected parties as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or 
• 
convert debt claims (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give or may give right to share 
capital.  
The Relevant Class of Affected Parties would vote on the proposed plan at a two-third majority (calculated 
as a proportion of the relevant claims or rights held by affected parties of the Relevant Class of Affected 
Parties expressing a vote). In this case, the provisions applicable to the Relevant Class of Affected Parties 
deliberations shall prevail over the provisions relating to the meetings of the Noteholders described in

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver” set out in this 
Base Prospectus and the Agency Agreement. 
However, a restructuring plan may also be adopted despite the negative vote of the Relevant Class of 
Affected Parties on the proposed plan through the court-imposed cross-class cram-down mechanism. 
In order for the court to impose a cross-class cram-down, various conditions must be met, including the 
following conditions:  
(i) 
the debtor has consented to the cross-class cram-down if the plan has been submitted as part of 
an accelerated safeguard procedure or a safeguard procedure. As part of a reorganisation 
procedure any affected party is entitled to request the application of the cross-class cram-down 
mechanism; 
(ii) 
the plan has been approved by a majority of classes (provided that at least one of those classes is 
a class of secured creditors or a class ranking senior to the class of ordinary unsecured creditors) 
or, failing that, by at least one class (other than a class of equity holders or any other class which 
is “out of the money”); 
(iii) 
the “best interests of creditors” test is complied with (according to which any affected party which 
has voted against the plan should not be in a less favourable situation than it would have been in 
the event of a judicial liquidation, a disposal plan or a better alternative solution); 
(iv) 
the “absolute priority rule” is complied with (according to which the claims of a dissenting class 
must be fully discharged (by identical or equivalent means) when a junior class is entitled to a 
payment or retain an interest under the plan). The court may, however, waive this rule under certain 
conditions; 
(v) 
affected parties benefit from an equal treatment and are treated in proportion to their claim or right; 
(vi) 
no class of affected parties is entitled under the plan to receive or retain more than the full amount 
of their claims or interest; and 
(vii) 
provided that new financings are necessary to the restructuring plan, these would not entail 
excessive harm to the interests of the affected parties. 
In a judicial reorganisation procedure, in the absence of the adoption of a plan through the classes’ 
mechanism, creditors would be consulted individually on a plan proposal. As part of this individual 
consultation, the court has the possibility to impose a debt term out on dissenting creditors (including a 
Noteholder), which may be up to 10 years. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the meetings of the Noteholders described in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver” set out in this Base 
Prospectus and the Agency Agreement will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with 
compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. The procedures, as described 
above or as these may be amended, could have an adverse impact on Noteholders seeking repayment in 
the event that the Issuer was to be subject to French insolvency procedures. 
The preventive and insolvency procedures in France are regulated by the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce as amended by ordinance n°2021-1193 dated September 15, 2021 and its implementation 
decree n°2021-1218 dated September 23, 2021, which is transposing directive (EU) 2019/1023 dated 
June 20, 2019. These provisions would govern the common rights, interests and representation of the 
Noteholders in this context. As a result, Noteholders would generally have limited ability to influence the 
outcome of an accelerated safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), a safeguard (procédure de 
sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) of the Issuer in 
France.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
The commencement of preventive or insolvency procedures against the Issuer may have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Relevant 
Class of Affected Parties or a class of creditor, as the case may be, could substantially impact the 
Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover 
amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
The Notes being held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream or DTC, investors will have to rely on 
the clearing system procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with a custodian for, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the Global 
Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, or DTC, as the 
case may be, will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are in 
global form, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
or DTC, as the case may be. 
While the Notes are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by 
making payments to, or to the order of, the common depositary or the nominee, as the case may be. A 
holder of a beneficial interest in a Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, as 
the case may be, to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in such a Global Note. 
Effect of resolutions passed at the meetings of the Noteholders  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Taxation 
Noteholders may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws 
and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, which may have an 
impact on the net income received from the Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors cannot rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus and should ask for their 
own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and 
redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the 
potential investor. This investment consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Change in law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law or, in the case of Condition 3 
paragraphs (a) and (b), French law, in each case, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, French law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus remains unknown. Any such decision or change could be 
unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in law turns out to be 
unfavourable to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, it could have a negative impact on the market value of 
the Notes.  
Application of the resolution powers under the EU Directive on Recovery and Resolution of Insurance 
Undertakings 
The Directive (EU) 2025/1 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 27, 2024 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of insurance and reinsurance undertakings and 
amending Directives 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2014/59/EU and (EU) 2017/1132 and 
Regulations (EU) No 1094/2010, (EU) No 648/2012, (EU) No 806/2014 and (EU) 2017/1129 (IRRD) was

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on January 8, 2025 and entered into force on 
January 30, 2025, for most of the provisions.  
The IRRD provides for (i) a variety of preventive measures to reduce the likelihood of insurance or 
reinsurance undertakings requiring public financial support and (ii) the commencement of resolution 
procedures when insurance or reinsurance undertakings are failing or likely to fail, where there is no 
prospect that private sector alternatives or supervisory measures would prevent such failure. An insurance 
or reinsurance undertaking shall be failing or likely to fail in any one of the following circumstances: (a) it 
breaches or is likely to breach its minimum capital requirement (MCR) and there is no reasonable prospect 
of compliance being restored; (b) it no longer fulfils the conditions for authorisation or fails seriously in its 
obligations under the laws and regulations to which it is subject, or there are objective elements to support 
that the undertaking will, in the near future, seriously fail its obligations in a way that would justify the 
withdrawal of the authorisation; (c) the assets of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking are inferior to 
its liabilities, or there are objective elements to support that the undertaking will, in the near future, be in 
such a situation; (d) it is unable to pay its debts or other liabilities, including payments to policyholders or 
beneficiaries, as they fall due, or there are objective elements to support a determination that the 
undertaking will, in the near future, be in such a situation; or (e) extraordinary public financial support is 
required.  
The IRRD provides, in case of resolution, for the application of a number of resolution tools, such as write-
down and conversion, which would allow resolution authorities to write down or convert capital instruments, 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities of insurance or reinsurance undertakings on a permanent 
basis, generally in inverse order of their ranking in liquidation, so that the tool would apply first to equity 
instruments and then to tier 1 instruments and then to tier 2 instruments and then to other instruments with 
a higher ranking in liquidation (see Condition 18 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and write-down or 
conversion powers)). 
Normal insolvency proceedings will remain the alternative path for the whole or parts of a (re)insurer that 
cannot be resolved, and the IRRD provides for a no creditor worse-off principle, the exact extent of which 
remains to be determined.  
It is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the IRRD or any corresponding implementing French 
legislation.  
With the adoption of the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, within the IRRD, despite a no creditor 
worse-off principle being applicable, Noteholders could be affected and lose all or part of their investment 
in the Notes if the Issuer and/or the Group were to experience financial difficulty and be failing or likely to 
fail. In addition, if the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s financial condition deteriorates, or is perceived to 
deteriorate, the existence of these powers could cause the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes 
to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Given that the implementation of the IRRD into French Law is not expected before the last quarter of 2026, 
it is not possible to foresee exactly how, or precisely when, the key proposals of the IRRD will translate 
into changes to the current framework and their precise impact on the Issuer and other insurance 
undertakings in Europe, and on regulatory capital instruments issued by the Issuer, including the 
Subordinated Notes. The conversion of eligible liabilities into capital instruments may be applied to 
insurance claims only in cases where the resolution authority justifies that the resolution objectives cannot 
be achieved through other resolution tools, or the conversion of insurance claims would lead to better 
protection for policyholders compared to the use of any other resolution tool and the write-down of their 
claims. As a result of any such measures not being implemented as currently foreseen, the impact 
anticipated as of the date of this Base Prospectus may deviate and this could have an adverse effect on 
the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
Risks related to the market generally 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension and withdrawal by the assigning credit 
rating agency at any time. 
Market value of the Notes  
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or that of the AXA 
Group and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date or, in the case of Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity 
date, to the date of actual redemption. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock 
exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity or in the case of an early redemption, as the case may be, may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
Liquidity risks/Trading market for the Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. This may have a negative impact on the 
liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes may have a 
negative impact on the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the investor is seeking 
to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. Investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that 
will enable investors to realise their anticipated yield. The purchased Notes may not be readily tradable 
and the value of Notes may fluctuate over time and such fluctuations may be significant. 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer, in whole or in part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under a call option as provided 
in Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), a clean-up call option as provided 
in Condition 7(e) (Clean-up Call Option at the option of the Issuer), a residual maturity call option as 
provided in Clause 7(f) (Residual Maturity redemption of Senior Notes at the option of the Issuer) or a 
make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7(h) (Make-Whole Call Option at the option of the Issuer 
for Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might 
adversely affect the market value of such Notes.  During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This also may be the case prior to any redemption period. 
The redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholders. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 75 per cent. threshold or any 
other threshold higher than 75 per cent. has been, or is about to be, reached, and, with respect to both the 
Clean-up Call Option and, for Senior Notes only, the Residual Maturity Call Option, the Issuer’s right to 
redeem such Notes will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of 
the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option or the Residual Maturity Call Option, respectively, the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Fixed interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on the Floating Rate Notes 
Interest income on the Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that 
their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. Investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may 
reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In 
addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue fixed rate notes may affect the market value and the secondary 
market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
The margin on the Floating Rate Note will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be 
adjustments of the reference rate which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. 
Accordingly, the market value of the Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term 
changes, to market interest rates can only be reflected in the interest rate of the Floating Rate Notes upon 
the next periodic adjustment of the reference rate.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
Notes with variable interest rates may be structured to include caps or floors, or any combination of those 
features. Such Notes can be volatile investments and their market values may be even more volatile than 
those for securities that do not include those features.  
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values 
of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference 
rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest 
rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”  
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to an index which is deemed to be a “benchmark” (such as, 
without limitation, EURIBOR), investors should be aware that interest rates and indices which are deemed 
to be “benchmarks” have been, and continue to be, the subject of national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already in effect while others 
may yet be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, or to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and market value 
of and return on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Benchmarks 
Regulation), among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in 
the United Kingdom (UK). Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of February 10, 2021 
(the Amending Regulation), which  introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission or competent national authorities 
the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks 
being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of 
cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback 
provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or competent 
national authorities. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks have 
been further extended until the end of 2025 by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 
July 2023.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU- 
or non-UK-based, where relevant, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, 
if non-EU- or non-UK-based, where relevant, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities, where relevant, of “benchmarks” provided by administrators 
that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU- or non-UK-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, amongst other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing, or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark”. 
These provisions could have a significant negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the 
Notes in the event that the fallback provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed 
unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of these provisions 
pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. Such developments may also create 
uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of 
delegated regulations. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) leading to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of these changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of 
and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market (including SONIA (the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average) for Sterling LIBOR, €STR (the Euro Short Term Rate) for Euro LIBOR, SOFR (the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) for USD LIBOR and rates that may be derived from SONIA, €STR or SOFR, 
as applicable) have been developed, or are in the process of being developed, Notes linked to or 
referencing an IBOR will only transition away from such IBOR in accordance with their particular fallback 
arrangements in their terms and conditions. The operation of any such fallback arrangements could result 
in a less favourable return for Noteholders than they might receive under other similar securities which 
contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise receive in the event that 
legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any given IBOR to an 
alternative rate). 
In certain situations in relation to Floating Rate Notes, including the relevant benchmark (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) ceasing to be administered, the fallback arrangements referenced in the 
preceding paragraph will include the possibility that: 
(A) 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or, as applicable, relevant component part thereof) could be set or, 
as the case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as 
applicable); and 
(B) 
an adjustment spread may be applied to such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable), 
in each such case, determined by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer, as more fully described in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
The use of any successor rate or alternative rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) 
is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the original reference rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the original reference rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form.  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with determining any successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to give effect to any successor 
rate or alternative rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
independent adviser has been appointed or no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, 
may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used for the following Interest 
Period.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that the Independent Adviser will adjust the relevant successor rate or alternative 
rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that any such adjustment will be favourable to 
Noteholders.  
Investors should consider all of these matters, consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, when making any 
investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the 
Euro short term rate (€STR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) and the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR) as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling or U.S. Dollar bonds, 
as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out 
in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate 
issued under this Base Prospectus (see Condition 5(b)(ii)). The Issuer may in the future issue notes 
referencing €STR, SONIA or SOFR in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing €STR, SONIA or SOFR.  
The development of the use of €STR, SONIA and SOFR as interest reference rates for bond markets, as 
well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA- or SOFR-based rates for such markets and of the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free 
rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. Investors should 
consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate 
Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
Both SOFR and €STR are relatively new rates. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York began to publish 
SOFR in April 2018 and the European Central Bank began to publish €STR in October 2019. Although the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 
2014 and the European Central Bank has published “Pre-€STR”, such prepublication historical data 
inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely on any historical 
changes or trends in SOFR or €STR as an indicator of the future performance of either rate. Additionally, 
the return on and value of SOFR- or €STR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt 
securities that are linked to rates with more established markets. 
Because SOFR and €STR are relatively new market indices, market terms for debt securities indexed to 
SOFR or €STR may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR- or €STR-linked Notes may be lower 
than those of later-issued SOFR- or €STR-linked debt securities as a result. Investors may not be able to 
sell SOFR- or €STR-linked Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
In addition, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of 
SOFR is subject to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated 
is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or 
elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked Notes and a reduction in the trading prices 
of such Notes which would have an adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of their 
investment. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult 
to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing 
securities. 
Structured Notes 
An investment in Notes, the premium and/or the interest on which is determined by reference to one or 
more values of interest rates, either directly or inversely, may entail significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in a conventional debt security, including the risks that the resulting interest rate will 
be less than that payable on a conventional debt security at the same time and/or that an investor may 
lose the value of part of its investment. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest 
rates should be taken as an indication of future performance of such interest rates during the term of any 
Notes.  
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount from their 
principal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do the prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of 
comparable maturities. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority of payment to all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including Senior Notes). Although the 
Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated,

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
there is a real risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should 
the Issuer become insolvent. 
The ranking of any Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will evolve as follows: 
(i) Senior Subordinated Notes 
• 
Prior to the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date: 
If the Senior Subordinated Notes have a specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Dated Subordinated 
Notes, and such Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
pari passu with any other existing or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer with a specified maturity date (including, without limitation, those which are expressed to be 
senior subordinated obligations of the Issuer with a specified maturity date) (any such obligations, Dated 
Subordinated Obligations) and shall be subordinated to all direct unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Notes), but shall rank in priority to any 
Undated Subordinated Notes, any Undated Subordinated Obligations, any prêts participatifs (within the 
meaning of Articles L.313-13 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier) granted to the Issuer, any 
titres participatifs (within the meaning of Articles L.228-36 et seq. of the French Code de commerce) issued 
by the Issuer and any Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer. 
The Dated Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether represented 
by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
If the Senior Subordinated Notes have no specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Undated 
Subordinated Notes, and such Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and pari passu with any other Undated Subordinated Obligations, and shall be subordinated 
to: 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any 
Senior Notes); and 
- 
Dated Subordinated Obligations (including, without limitation, any Dated Subordinated Notes), 
in each case outstanding from time to time but shall rank in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by the 
Issuer. 
The Undated Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether 
represented by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
• 
From (and including) the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date 
The Senior Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and pari passu with any other Senior Subordinated Obligations, and shall be 
subordinated to: 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any 
Senior Notes); and 
- 
subordinated obligations expressed to rank senior to Senior Subordinated Obligations, if any, 
in each case outstanding from time to time but shall rank in priority to any Ordinary Subordinated Notes, 
any Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer and any Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
The Senior Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether represented 
by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
(ii) Ordinary Subordinated Notes 
• 
Prior to the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date 
If the Ordinary Subordinated Notes have a specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Dated 
Subordinated Notes and Condition 3(b)(i)(x) shall apply to them. 
If the Ordinary Subordinated Notes have no specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Undated 
Subordinated Notes and Condition 3(b)(i)(x) shall apply to them. 
• 
From (and including) the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date 
The Ordinary Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and ordinary subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and pari passu with any other Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, and shall be 
subordinated to: 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any 
Senior Notes); and 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank senior to the Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (including, without 
limitation, any Senior Subordinated Notes), 
in each case outstanding from time to time but shall rank in priority to any subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, any prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any Deeply Subordinated 
Notes issued by the Issuer. 
The Ordinary Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether 
represented by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is an increased risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Existing Subordinated Note means any note of any of the issues listed in Condition 3(b)(iii), provided 
that should the terms and conditions of the notes of any such issues be amended in any way which would 
result in the Issuer being able to issue subordinated notes ranking senior to such issues, then such issues 
would, from (and including) the effective date of such amendment, be deemed to no longer constitute an 
Existing Subordinated Note. 
Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date means the first day upon which no Existing 
Subordinated Note remains outstanding. 
Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date are long-term securities 
Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date are scheduled to be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that on such 
date the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are fulfilled, failing which the redemption of such Notes 
will be postponed (see “Potential postponement of the Scheduled Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes 
with a specified maturity date” below).

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date at any 
time before this time, and the holders of the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date have no 
right to call for their redemption. 
Potential postponement of the Scheduled Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity 
date 
The Scheduled Maturity Date will be postponed if the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are not 
fulfilled on the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date will only 
be redeemed on the Final Maturity Date, where the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are fulfilled.  
Therefore, holders of such Subordinated Notes may not receive the principal amount invested until after 
the date initially expected. 
If the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date are not redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
for the reasons set out above, holders of such Subordinated Notes will – subject to any mandatory or 
optional deferral – continue to receive interest but will not receive any additional compensation for the 
postponement of the redemption. 
Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date 
Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date are undated securities. Nevertheless, the 
Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date may, if applicable, be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer, (i) in whole or in part on any applicable call date specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in 
whole but not in part, at any time for certain tax, regulatory, rating or accounting reasons, at the option of 
the Issuer. There can be no assurance that, at the relevant time, the relevant Noteholders will be able to 
reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same return as their 
investment in the Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
Market value of Subordinated Notes will depend on the regulatory capital ratios and other factors 
The trading behavior of the Subordinated Notes may not necessarily follow the trading behavior of other 
types of securities, including other debt securities of the Issuer. Any indication that the Issuer and/or the 
Group may be at risk of failing to meet its regulatory capital requirements may have an adverse effect on 
the market price and liquidity of the Subordinated Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Subordinated Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with proceeds sufficient to provide a yield 
comparable to other types of subordinated securities, including other subordinated debt securities of the 
Issuer. 
Under certain conditions, payments of interest under Subordinated Notes may be subject to discretionary 
or mandatory deferral 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms and in certain cases including where (i) no dividends in any 
form on ordinary or preference shares of the Issuer are declared or paid in the six months preceding the 
interest payment date, (ii) the own funds regulatory capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is 
employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer and/or 
the Group is not sufficient to cover its capital requirements or (iii) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has 
notified the Issuer that it has determined, in view of the Issuer’s financial condition, that the Issuer must 
take specified action in relation to payments under the Notes, the Issuer may elect, or be obliged, to defer 
the payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes, in which case such interest shall constitute Arrears of 
Interest which shall not themselves bear interest. Any non-payment of interest and/or Arrears of Interest 
resulting from such deferral shall not constitute a default by the Issuer and holders of Subordinated Notes 
will not be able to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes as a result of such non-payment. 
Any deferral of interest payments will be likely to have an adverse effect on the market price of the 
Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of the above provisions of the Subordinated Notes, the 
market price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not subject to the above 
provisions and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial 
condition. 
Subordinated Notes may trade with accrued interest even though interest may be deferred on the relevant 
interest payment date 
Subordinated Notes are expected to trade and their prices are expected to appear on the relevant stock 
exchange. Typically, notes with an investment grade rating are quoted on a “clean basis”, ie. the price 
excluding accrued interest for the period between the last interest payment date and the relevant trade 
date. When the market price decreases significantly, typically due to a market-wide or issuer-related event, 
the quoting convention can change, and the price quoted by traders and appearing on the market or other 
sources can be a price that includes accrued interest (which is commonly referred to as the “dirty price”). 
In any case, investors will typically be required to pay accrued interest irrespective of how the bond price 
is quoted when buying the Subordinated Notes in the secondary market. However, if the payment of 
interest on the immediately following Interest Payment Date is deferred, investors will not be entitled to 
that interest payment on the relevant interest payment date. This may affect the ability to sell the 
Subordinated Notes in the secondary market and as a result the value of the investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Issuer optional redemption, exchange or variation of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons, rating 
and accounting reasons  
Subordinated Notes will be issued with the intention of being eligible as “tier two” or “tier three” own funds 
regulatory capital (or, if different, such terminology as is employed to denote such concept by the then 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group for the purposes of the determination 
of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital (including for the purpose of any capital requirements 
of internationally active insurance groups). If as a result of any change in the relevant laws and regulations, 
or any change in the official interpretation thereof, the proceeds of the Subordinated Notes would cease 
being eligible as own funds regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group of at least the tier (or, if 
different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations) that the Subordinated Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date, the 
Issuer reserves the right to exchange or vary the Subordinated Notes so that after such exchange or 
variation they would be so eligible. Alternatively, the Issuer reserves the right, under the same 
circumstances and subject to the satisfaction of the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase, to redeem 
the Subordinated Notes early.  
However, the Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed for regulatory reasons prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date, unless (i) the relevant redeemed Subordinated Notes are replaced by other own funds 
regulatory capital of at least the same quality or (ii) (x) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed 
to the Issuer that it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital Requirement, after the redemption, will be 
exceeded by an appropriate margin (taking into account the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the 
Group, including the Issuer’s medium-term capital management plan) and (y) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory Authority that the Regulatory Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes and (z) the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority considers such change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes to be sufficiently 
certain. For the avoidance of doubt, the conditions set out in paragraph (ii) above are deemed to be fulfilled 
once the Issuer has obtained the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority. 
The Subordinated Notes may also be redeemed, exchanged or varied further to a change in the 
methodology of a Rating Agency (or in the interpretation of such methodology) as a result of which the 
equity content of the Subordinated Notes is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially reduced, 
when compared to that assigned on or about the Issue Date. Finally, the Subordinated Notes may also be 
redeemed, exchanged or varied further upon a change in, or amendment to, the Applicable Accounting 
Standards as a result of which the Notes must not, or must no longer be, recorded as “liabilities” in the 
case of Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date, or as “equity” in the case of Subordinated Notes

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
with no specified maturity date in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and this cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking such reasonable measures it (acting in good faith) deems appropriate. 
However, the Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed for rating or accounting reasons prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, unless (but only if and to the extent so required or otherwise as provided 
by the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of such redemption or 
purchase) the relevant redeemed Notes are replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of at least the 
same quality. 
Whilst the terms of the exchange or variation are required not to be materially prejudicial to the Noteholders 
(as a class), there can be no assurance that the Qualifying Securities will not have a significant adverse 
impact on the price of, and/or market for, the Subordinated Notes or the circumstances of individual 
Noteholders. 
Restrictions on redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes may delay exercise of any optional 
redemption 
Notwithstanding that a notice of redemption can be delivered to Noteholders, Subordinated Notes may not 
be redeemed or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to any of the redemption or purchase provisions referred 
to in Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) unless the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out 
in Condition 7(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase) are satisfied. In particular, no redemption or 
purchase of Subordinated Notes can take place if (subject to certain conditions) a Regulatory Deficiency 
has occurred and is continuing on the due date for redemption or purchase (or such redemption or 
purchase would itself cause a Regulatory Deficiency) or an Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up has 
occurred and is continuing, except in limited circumstances. 
The suspension of redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes does not constitute a default under the 
Notes for any purpose and does not give Noteholders any right to take any enforcement action under 
Subordinated Notes. The satisfaction of the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase may delay the date 
on which Subordinated Notes are effectively redeemed and such delay may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of Subordinated Notes and on any decision of a Noteholder to reinvest the expected 
redemption proceeds of Subordinated Notes. 
Capital requirements for “tier one”, “tier two” and “tier three” instruments: Solvency II  
Subordinated Notes will be issued for regulatory capital requirement purposes in accordance with 
applicable French Solvency II regulations. The Solvency II Directive 2009/138/EC, as amended, was 
implemented under French law and has entered into force on January 1, 2016. The European 
Commission’s Solvency II Delegated Regulation 2015/35 supplementing Solvency II came into force on 
January 18, 2015 and is directly applicable to the relevant insurance and reinsurance undertakings in the 
European Union. This regulation was modified by the Commission’s Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981 
dated March 8, 2019, which entered into force on July 8, 2019. The effect of the implementing measures 
related to the Solvency II requirements could have adverse consequences on the holders of Subordinated 
Notes. In particular: 
• 
the Issuer will be obliged to defer interest payments if the own funds regulatory capital (or, if 
different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group is not sufficient to cover its capital 
requirement; 
• 
in the same circumstances, the redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes will be only 
permitted subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority. 
Even though “level two” implementation measures have been enacted and “level three” guidelines have 
been released, there can be no assurance that such implementation measures and guidelines will not be 
amended, supplemented or superseded. Moreover, there is considerable uncertainty as to how regulators,

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
including the French Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, will interpret the “level two” 
implementation measures and/or “level three” guidance and apply them to the Issuer and/or the Group.  
Any change that may occur in the interpretation and/or application of Solvency II Directive 2009/138/EC 
subsequent to the Issue Date of a tranche of Subordinated Notes and/or any subsequent change to such 
rules may individually and/or in aggregate adversely affect the calculation of the Issuer’s and/or the 
Group's solvency capital requirement (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such 
requirement by the then applicable Solvency II regulations) and may result in more onerous regulatory 
capital requirements for the Issuer and/or the Group and thus increase the risk of deferral of interest 
payments, or result in the occurrence of a Regulatory Event and subsequent redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, as a result of which a Noteholder could lose all or part of the value of 
their investment in the Notes. The Solvency II Directive 2009/138/EC is currently subject to international 
regulatory guidance and reform proposals. For example, the Directive (EU) 2025/2 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2024 amending the Solvency II Directive 2009/138/EC as 
regards proportionality, quality of supervision, reporting, long-term guarantee measures, macro-prudential 
tools, sustainability risks and group and cross-border supervision was published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on January 8, 2025 and entered into force on January 30, 2025.  
Early redemption risk in respect of Subordinated Notes 
Subject to the satisfaction of the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in whole, or in part, on any applicable call date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may also, at its option and subject to the satisfaction of the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase, redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part upon the occurrence of certain events, 
including for tax reasons, upon a Regulatory Event, a Rating Methodology Event, an Accounting Event or 
pursuant to the Clean-up Call Option, as further described in Condition 7. Such redemption options will be 
exercised at the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes together with interest accrued to the date of 
redemption (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest (if any) thereon at such date).  
The optional redemption feature of the Subordinated Notes may affect the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the 
market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to the first applicable call date. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield. 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Subordinated Notes for tax reasons 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (whether Senior or Subordinated), are enforceable under French law. If any 
payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes, including the obligations to pay additional amounts 
under Condition 8(b), are held to be illegal or unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will have the 
right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem 
the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of an event as described in Condition 7(b)(i), Noteholders 
may receive less than the full amount due under the Subordinated Notes, and the market value of such 
Notes may be adversely affected. 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) (where a Redemption 
Alignment Event has occurred) prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, unless (i) the relevant 
redeemed Subordinated Notes are replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of at least the same 
quality or (ii) (x) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed to the Issuer that it is satisfied that the 
Solvency Capital Requirement, after the redemption, will be exceeded by an appropriate margin (taking 
into account the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the Group, including the Issuer’s medium-term 
capital management plan) and (y) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority that the Withholding Tax Event or Gross-up Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the conditions set out

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
in paragraph (ii) above are deemed to be fulfilled once the Issuer has obtained the Prior Approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority. 
Except in circumstances where a Redemption Alignment Event has occurred, the Subordinated Notes may 
not be redeemed following a Withholding Tax Event pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) prior to their tenth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, unless the relevant redeemed Subordinated Notes are replaced by other 
own funds regulatory capital of at least the same quality. 
No Events of Default in respect of Subordinated Notes 
The holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes do not contain any events of default provision which means there is no right of acceleration of the 
Subordinated Notes in the case of non-payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes or of 
the Issuer’s failure to perform any of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. Payment of principal 
and interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be accelerated only if a judgment is issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason.  
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt, including debt ranking senior to, or pari passu with, the 
Subordinated Notes 
Apart from the Programme size limit referred to on the cover page of this Base Prospectus, there is no 
restriction under the Programme on the amount of unsecured debt which the Issuer may issue or 
guarantee. The Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates may incur additional indebtedness or grant 
guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third parties, including indebtedness or guarantees that rank 
senior in priority of payment to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. If the Issuer's financial condition 
were to deteriorate, the relevant Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, 
including deferral of interest and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), loss by 
the relevant Noteholders of all or a portion of their investment. 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights  
Holders of Subordinated Notes waive any right of set-off, compensation and retention in relation to such 
Subordinated Notes. As a result, holders of Subordinated Notes will not at any time be entitled to set-off 
the Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Therefore, holders of Subordinated Notes may not receive any amount in respect of their claims or any 
amount due under the Notes. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able 
to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Further, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 39 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
39 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the Issuer's 2024 universal registration document (being the English translation of the Issuer's 
Document d’enregistrement universel filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF) on March 18, 2025 with filing number D.25-0105) (the 2024 Universal Registration 
Document), 
(ii) 
the Issuer's 2023 universal registration document (being the English translation of the Issuer's 
Document d’enregistrement universel filed with the AMF on March 18, 2024 with filing number 
D.24-0126) (the 2023 Universal Registration Document, and together with the 2024 Universal 
Registration Document, the 2024 and 2023 Universal Registration Documents), 
(iii) 
the Issuer's audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial years ended December 31, 
2024 and 2023 in French included respectively in the Issuer's French-language 2024 Document 
d’enregistrement universel and 2023 Document d’enregistrement universel filed with the AMF 
(respectively the 2024 French Universal Registration Document and the 2023 French 
Universal Registration Document, and together the 2024 and 2023 French Universal 
Registration Documents). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, supplements may be prepared from time to time by the 
Issuer and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except 
as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Issuer's 2024 and 2023 Universal Registration 
Documents and 2024 and 2023 French Universal Registration Documents are available on the Issuer's 
website and those documents only and no other information or document of such site nor the website itself 
are incorporated by reference herein: 
2024 Universal Registration Document 
https://www-axa-com.cdn.axa-contento-118412.eu/www-axa-com/fd85b507-f97f-4ac5-861b-
6b2b90e1c601_AXA_URD2024_EN.pdf2024 French Universal Registration Document 
https://www-axa-com.cdn.axa-contento-118412.eu/www-axa-com/4f19bf07-00e9-4221-9275-
06bb66c16d1e_AXA_URD2024_FR.pdf 
2023 Universal Registration Document 
https://www-axa-com.cdn.axa-contento-118412.eu/www-axa-com/013a16d3-6b7e-4fbf-a056-
593f3fd24628_axa_urd2023_accessible_va.pdf 
2023 French Universal Registration Document 
https://www-axa-com.cdn.axa-contento-118412.eu/www-axa-com/5edc8162-8cc7-4579-911f-
7409d5040c0c_axa_urd2023_accessible_vf.pdf

--- Page 40 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
40 
The non incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of there being any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Notes, prepare if appropriate a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
41 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST – Annex 7 of the Delegated Regulation  
2024 and 2023 Universal Registration Documents, 2024 and 2023 French Universal Registration 
Documents  
 
 
 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page(s) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
(A.7.3.1) 
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and that may affect 
the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number 
of categories, in a section headed ‘Risk 
Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, 
in the assessment of the issuer, offeror or 
person asking for admission to trading on 
a regulated market, taking into account 
the negative impact on the issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence, shall be 
set out first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
 
 
 
 
 
287 to 310 (with 
the exclusion of 
the section 
entitled “Risk 
related to the 
ownership of the 
Company’s 
shares”) 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
(A.7.4.1) 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
(A.7.4.1.1) 
The legal and commercial name of the 
issuer. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
510 
(A7.4.1.2) 
The place of registration of the issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity 
identifier (“LEI”). 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
510 
(A.7.4.1.3) 
The date of incorporation and the length of 
life of the issuer, except where the period 
is indefinite. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
510 
(A.7.4.1.4) 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, 
the legislation under which the issuer 
operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, 
telephone 
number 
of 
its 
registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
into 
the 
prospectus. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
1 and 510

--- Page 42 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
42 
 
 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page(s) 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
(A.7.5.1) 
Principal activities 
 
 
(A.7.5.1.1) 
A brief description of the Issuer’s principal 
activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
13 to 18 
(A.7.5.1.2) 
The basis for any statements made by the 
Issuer regarding its competitive position. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
30 to 32 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
(A.7.6.1) 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram 
of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
373 to 377 
 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
(A.7.7.1) 
A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since the date 
of its last published audited financial 
statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the financial 
performance of the group since the 
end of the last financial period for 
which financial information has been 
published 
to 
the 
date 
of 
the 
registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then 
the Issuer should include (an) appropriate 
negative statement(s). 
 
 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
 
 
53 and 493 
 
 
53 and 493 
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
(A.7.9.1) 
Names, 
business 
addresses 
and 
functions within the issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of 
that Issuer where these are significant with 
respect to that Issuer: 
(a) members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
 
59 to 82

--- Page 43 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
43 
 
 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page(s) 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
(A.7.10.1) 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
503 to 505 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
(A.7.11.1) 
Historical financial information 
 
 
(A.7.11.1.1) 
Historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (at least 24 
months) or such shorter period as the 
issuer has been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
339 to 493 
 
 
339 to 493 
 
 
 
12 to 14 and 291 
to 470 
 
12 to 14 and 291 
to 470 
 
(a) balance sheet 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
340 to 341 
 
340 to 341 
 
 
292 to 293 
 
292 to 293

--- Page 44 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
44 
 
 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page(s) 
 
 
(b) income statement 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
 
342 
 
342 
 
294 
 
 
294 
 
 
(c) statement of changes in equity 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
344 to 345 
 
344 to 345  
 
 
296 to 297 
 
296 to 297

--- Page 45 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
45 
 
 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page(s) 
 
(d) statement of cash flows 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
346 to 347 
 
346 to 347 
 
 
298 to 299 
 
298 to 299 
 
 
(e) accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
348 to 493 
29 (in respect of 
exchange rates) 
348 to 493 
29 (in respect of 
exchange rates) 
 
300 to 470 
 
 
300 to 470 
(A.7.11.1.5) 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone 
and consolidated financial statements, 
include at least the consolidated financial 
statements in the registration document. 
 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
 
 
 
 
340 to 493 
 
 
 
340 to 493

--- Page 46 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
46 
 
 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page(s) 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
292 to 470 
 
292 to 470 
 
(A.7.11.1.6) 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information may not be 
older than 18 months from the date of the 
registration document 
 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
340 to 493 
 
 
340 to 493 
 
292 to 470 
 
292 to 470 
 
(A.7.11.2) 
Auditing 
of 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
(A.7.11.2.1) 
The historical financial information must 
be independently audited. The audit report 
shall be prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014. 
 
 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
2024 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 French 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
494 to 499 
 
494 to 499 
 
 
471 to 477 
 
471 to 477

--- Page 47 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
47 
 
 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
Page(s) 
(A.7.11.3) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
(A.7.11.3.1) 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or provide 
an appropriate negative statement. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
492 to 493 
(A.7.11.4) 
Significant change in the issuer’s 
financial position 
 
 
(A.7.11.4.1) 
A description of any significant change in 
the financial position of the group which 
has occurred since the end of the last 
financial period for which either audited 
financial information or interim financial 
information have been published, or 
provide 
an 
appropriate 
negative 
statement. 
2024 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
53 and 493 
 
 
The sections “Alternative Performance Measures” and Appendix IV “Glossary” appearing respectively on 
pages 39 and 565 to 568 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document and of the 2024 French Universal 
Registration Document are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
48 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form (Bearer Notes), with or without receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached, or registered form (Registered Notes), without receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and 
Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from 
registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of either a temporary bearer global note 
(a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and together with the Temporary Bearer Global Note, the 
Bearer Global Notes), as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has 
given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which, in respect of each Tranche in respect of which a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, is 40 days after the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Notes in bearer form (each, a Definitive Bearer Note) of the same Series with, where applicable, 
receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to 120 days’ notice), in each case outside the U.S. and against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, 
provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Definitive 
Bearer Notes. The Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of 
the relevant clearing system. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. The Issuer will procure that details of such exchange 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, 
the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented 
by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly.

--- Page 49 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
49 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur no later than forty-five (45) days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global Notes and Definitive Bearer Notes which 
have an original maturity of more than 365 days and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such 
Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.” 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code sections referred to above provide that United States holders, with certain 
exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will 
not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain recognised on any sale, disposition, redemption or 
payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form, 
without receipts, interest coupons and talons, (a Regulation S Global Note) which will be deposited with 
a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream. Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable 
to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, 
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2, and may not be 
held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons 
in private transactions to QIBs. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented 
by a global note in registered form, without Receipts or Coupons, (a Rule 144A Global Note and, together 
with a Regulation S Global Note, the Registered Global Notes) which will be deposited with a custodian 
for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, the Depositary Trust Company (DTC). 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case 
may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form.

--- Page 50 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
50 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear 
legends regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant date immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note only, DTC 
has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depositary for the Notes and no 
alternative clearing system is available, (iii) in the case of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note 
only, DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act or, in the case 
of Notes represented by a Regulation S Global Note only, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear 
and Clearstream have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the 
Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten (10) days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interests in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
Common Code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the 
Common Code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note held on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding

--- Page 51 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
51 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Regulation S Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by 
such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to the 
extent that in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be 
exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Senior Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 
10. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the 
Global Note then, unless within the period of seven (7) days commencing on the relevant due date 
payment in full of the amount due in respect of the Global Note is received by the bearer or the registered 
holder, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, then from 8.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the last day of such period holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, 
Clearstream and/or DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 
March 28, 2024 and executed by the Issuer. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note credited 
to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for their 
interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures.

--- Page 52 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes may complete such Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
definitive Note. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by AXA (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or in registered form (Registered Notes) 
which are represented by a global note (a Global Note), units of each Specified Denomination in 
the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive note in bearer form (a Definitive Bearer Note) issued in exchange for a Global Note; 
and 
(d) 
any definitive note in registered form (a Definitive Registered Note) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) are issued pursuant to 
an amended and restated agency agreement dated March 28, 2025 (the Agency Agreement as the same 
may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time) between, inter alios, the Issuer, BNP 
PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal 
Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents), BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, as 
exchange agent (the Exchange Agent which expression shall include any successor exchange agent), 
as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and as transfer agent 
and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer Notes 
repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other 
than the final instalment) attached on issue, Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) for 
the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference

--- Page 53 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
53 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated March 28, 2025 and made by the Issuer. The original of the 
Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream 
(as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, a deed poll (the Deed Poll) dated March 28, 2025 and made by the 
Issuer and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents and Transfer 
Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the Agents). Copies of the applicable 
Final Terms are available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent save that, if a Series of Notes is not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation), the applicable Final Terms will 
only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note (all as defined below) or 
a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of any Notes admitted to trading on a European Economic Area stock exchange in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered

--- Page 54 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
54 
Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or of Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Regulation S Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a 
Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or 
holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency 
Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC's published rules and 
procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, as the case may be.  
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for 
the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note 
shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to a nominee 
of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (a) surrender the 
Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys 
duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required 
by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with 
the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be

--- Page 55 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
55 
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose also a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive 
form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to 
the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial 
interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person 
will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor 
of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A; 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (i) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in a global or 
definitive form. After expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in 
Regulation S Global Notes may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly 
through a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such 
transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made:

--- Page 56 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
56 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to 
the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, if such 
transfer is being made prior to expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in 
the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note where the 
transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove such 
Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as 
may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that 
neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Bearer Global Note means a Bearer Note represented by a Global Note; 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
Legended Note means Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a 
Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements 
of Rule 144A; Legend shall be interpreted accordingly; 
QIB means a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
Registered Global Note means any Rule 144A Global Note or Regulation S Global Note (and any 
reference to “Registered Global Notes” shall be construed as a reference to Rule 144A Global 
Notes and/or Regulation S Global Notes, as the context requires); 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons to QIBs; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 57 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
57 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
If the Notes are expressed to be Senior Notes, the Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons 
are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes comprise Senior Subordinated Notes and Ordinary Subordinated Notes 
(each as defined below). 
(i) 
Senior Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are expressed to be Senior Subordinated Notes, the status of the Notes will be as 
follows:  
Condition 3(b)(i)(x) below will apply for so long as any Existing Subordinated Note (as defined in 
sub-paragraph (iii) below) is outstanding. From (and including) the first day upon which no Existing 
Subordinated Note remains outstanding (the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date), 
Condition 3(b)(i)(y) will automatically replace and supersede Condition 3(b)(i)(x) without the need 
for any action from the Issuer nor any consent from any Noteholder. 
(x) 
Prior to the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date 
If the Senior Subordinated Notes have a specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Dated 
Subordinated Notes, and such Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and pari passu with any other existing or future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer with a specified maturity date 
(including, without limitation, those which are expressed to be senior subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer with a specified maturity date) (any such obligations, Dated Subordinated Obligations) 
and shall be subordinated to all direct unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (including any Senior Notes), but shall rank in priority to any Undated Subordinated 
Notes, any existing or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer with no specified maturity date (any such obligations, Undated Subordinated Obligations), 
any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any 
Deeply Subordinated Notes (as defined in sub-paragraph (iii) below) issued by the Issuer. 
The Dated Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether 
represented by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
If the Senior Subordinated Notes have no specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Undated 
Subordinated Notes, and such Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and pari passu with any other Undated Subordinated 
Obligations, and shall be subordinated to: 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including any Senior Notes); and 
- 
Dated Subordinated Obligations (including, without limitation, any Dated Subordinated 
Notes),

--- Page 58 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
58 
in each case outstanding from time to time, but shall rank in priority to any prêts participatifs granted 
to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any Deeply Subordinated Notes issued 
by the Issuer. 
The Undated Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether 
represented by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
(y) 
From (and including) the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date 
The Senior Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu with any other existing or future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior subordinated obligations of the Issuer (any such obligations, Senior 
Subordinated Obligations), and shall be subordinated to: 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including any Senior Notes); and 
- 
subordinated obligations expressed to rank senior to Senior Subordinated Obligations, 
if any, 
in each case outstanding from time to time, but shall rank in priority to any Ordinary Subordinated 
Notes, any existing or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Ordinary Subordinated Notes (any 
such obligations, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations), any prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by 
the Issuer. 
The Senior Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether 
represented by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Ordinary Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are expressed to be Ordinary Subordinated Notes, the status of the Ordinary 
Subordinated Notes will be as follows: 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(x) below will apply for so long as any Existing Subordinated Note is outstanding. 
From (and including) the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date, Condition 3(b)(ii)(y) will 
automatically replace and supersede Condition 3(b)(ii)(x) without the need for any action from the 
Issuer nor any consent from any Noteholder. 
(x) 
Prior to the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date 
If the Ordinary Subordinated Notes have a specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Dated 
Subordinated Notes and Condition 3(b)(i)(x) shall apply to them. 
If the Ordinary Subordinated Notes have no specified maturity date, such Notes constitute Undated 
Subordinated Notes and Condition 3(b)(i)(x) shall apply to them. 
(y) 
From (and including) the Existing Subordinated Notes Redemption Date 
The Ordinary Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and ordinary subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu with any other Ordinary Subordinated Obligations 
(as defined in sub-paragraph (iii) below), and shall be subordinated to: 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including any Senior Notes); and

--- Page 59 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
59 
- 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank 
or are expressed to rank senior to the Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (including, 
without limitation, any Senior Subordinated Notes), 
in each case outstanding from time to time but shall rank in priority to any subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, 
any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any 
Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer. 
The Ordinary Subordinated Notes shall also rank in priority to any class of share capital, whether 
represented by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Definitions 
Deeply Subordinated Notes means any direct, unconditional, unsecured and deeply 
subordinated notes which rank or are expressed to rank junior to any prêts participatifs granted to 
the Issuer and any titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, but which rank in priority to any class of 
share capital, whether represented by ordinary shares or preference shares (actions de 
préférence), issued by the Issuer. 
Existing Subordinated Notes means any note of any of the issues listed below, provided that 
should the terms and conditions of the notes of any such issues be amended in any way which 
would result in the Issuer being able to issue subordinated notes ranking senior to such issues, 
then such issues would, from (and including) the effective date of such amendment, be deemed to 
no longer constitute an Existing Subordinated Note:  
- 
JPY 27,000,000,000 Subordinated Perpetual Step-Up Notes 
- 
USD 1,250,000,000 8.60% Subordinated Notes due December 15, 2030 (ISIN: 
US054536AA57) 
- 
EMTN Series 13, EUR 200,000,000 Undated Subordinated Callable Floating Rate 
Notes (ISIN: XS0179060974) 
- 
EMTN Series 14, EUR 300,000,000 Undated Subordinated Callable Floating Rate 
Notes (ISIN: XS0181369454) 
- 
EMTN Series 15, USD 150,000,000 Undated Subordinated Callable Floating Rate 
Notes, (ISIN: XS0184718764) 
- 
EMTN Series 17, EUR 125,000,000 Undated Subordinated Callable Floating Rate 
Notes (ISIN: XS0188935174) 
- 
EMTN Series 34, GBP 750,000,000 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 
2054 (ISIN: XS1004674450) 
- 
EMTN Series 35, EUR 1,000,000,000 Undated Subordinated Resettable Notes (ISIN: 
XS1069439740) 
- 
EMTN Series 38, EUR 1,500,000,000 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 
2047 (ISIN: XS1346228577) 
- 
EMTN Series 40, USD 850,000,000 4.50 per cent. Undated Subordinated Notes (ISIN: 
XS1489814340) 
- 
EMTN Series 41, USD 1,000,000,000 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 
2047 (ISIN: XS1550938978).

--- Page 60 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
60 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 3(b)(i)(y) above; 
Senior Subordinated Obligations has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 3(b)(i)(y) above. 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off  
No holder of any Subordinated Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon may at any time exercise or claim 
any Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against 
such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all 
such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other 
instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to 
such Subordinated Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to 
have waived all Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such 
actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 3(c) is intended to provide, or shall be 
construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Subordinated Note, 
Coupon, Receipt or Talon but for this Condition 3(c).  
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of 
any holder of any Subordinated Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon for deduction, set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with 
any such Subordinated Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon.  
4. 
REDENOMINATION 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving 
prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream and at least thirty (30) days' 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in Euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in Euro in the 
denomination of €0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into Euro at 
the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in 
Euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice 
and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which 
the Notes may be listed and the Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of 
which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest €0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination of 
€100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Agent may determine and notify to the 
Noteholders and any remaining amounts less than €100,000 shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in Euro in accordance with Condition 6; and (ii) in the

--- Page 61 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
61 
case of Notes which are not Relevant Notes, in the denominations of €1,000, €10,000, 
€100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than €1,000 or such 
smaller denominations as the Principal Paying Agent may approve) €0.01 and such other 
denominations as the Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement Euro-
denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on that 
date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New Euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be 
issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 
fifteen (15) days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in Euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to a 
Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes, by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or a 
Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of such rounded figure and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding; and 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer may, with the approval of the Principal 
Paying Agent, without the consent of the Noteholders, make any changes or addition to 
these terms and conditions (including without limitation, any change to any applicable 
business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre, interest accrual 
basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes is not prejudicial to the interests of such 
holder. Any changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error be binding on the 
Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as 
soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 62 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
62 
(b) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of 
the Treaty; 
Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which falls 
on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union; 
Relevant Notes means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; and 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
5. 
INTEREST 
Notes bearing interest may bear interest at a fixed (Fixed Rate Notes) or floating rate (Floating Rate 
Notes) and/or a combination thereof. If the applicable Final Terms so specify, the applicable Rate of 
Interest may be reset from one Interest Period to the other. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year and up to (and including) the Maturity Date in the case of Senior Notes, the Final 
Maturity Date (as defined below) in the case of Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date 
or any redemption date in the case of Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date. 
If the Notes are Definitive Bearer Notes, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period (as defined below) ending on (but excluding) such date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Broken Amount so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Except in the case of Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
- 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
- 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive 
Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount,  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (as defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer

--- Page 63 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
63 
Note or a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of such rounded figure and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Final Maturity Date, in the case of Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date, means:  
(i) 
if on the scheduled maturity date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are fulfilled, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the first Interest Payment Date following the Scheduled Maturity Date on which 
the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are fulfilled; 
Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date;  
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and

--- Page 64 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
64 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means 
one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B) 
if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in the 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Paris, Luxembourg and each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
65 
(2) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than 
Paris and any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian dollars or Swiss Francs shall be 
Sydney, Singapore, Hong Kong, Montreal or Zurich respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in Euro, a T2 Business Day; and 
T2 Business Day means a day on which T2 is operating. 
T2 means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or 
replacement thereto (formerly known as TARGET). 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes − Screen Rate Determination  
EURIBOR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below (and subject to Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)), be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (x) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (y) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal office in the Euro-zone of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be) with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent 
(or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be) with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be).

--- Page 66 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
66 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be) with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent (or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be) determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be) by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be) with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent (or the Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be) it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone interbank market, plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In the Conditions: 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or €STR (as defined 
below), the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, selected by the relevant Dealer (in each case, after prior consultation with the 
Issuer).  
SONIA 
Non-Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be the 
rate of return of Compounded Daily SONIA during the Observation Period corresponding 
to such Interest Period with the Sterling daily overnight reference rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:

--- Page 67 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
67 
[∏(1+ SONIAi×ni
365
) -1
d0
i=1
]× 365
d  
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(A)(SONIA)(Non-Index Determination): 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such 
Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated in accordance with the formula specified above; 
d is the number of calendar days in:  
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
do is: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni is, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day;  
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
p means: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “Observation Look-Back 
Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is specified, five London Banking 
Days); or

--- Page 68 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
68 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in 
the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day;  
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then such 
SONIA reference rate shall be:  
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking 
Days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate; or  
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, 
if more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions or (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) the replacement of the SONIA by the 
replacement rate or any other amendments to these Conditions necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in a Regulatory Event, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to such Series of Notes for the scheduled first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the scheduled first Interest 
Period).

--- Page 69 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
69 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the SONIA reference rate, if the relevant Series 
of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, and Index Determination is specified as 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as determined by reference to the screen rate or index 
for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and in 
accordance with the following formula plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑒𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥 (
365
𝑑) 
Where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexstart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexend means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period); 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded Indexstart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded Indexend is determined; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Specified Time is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service at the Specified Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA 
Compounded Index for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(ii)(A)(SONIA)(Non-Index Determination) above as if the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms were “SONIA” (and “SONIA Compounded

--- Page 70 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
70 
Index” was “Not Applicable”), and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be 
deemed to be “Observation Shift”, and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative 
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA Compounded Index, if the relevant Series 
of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
€STR  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR (the €STR Rate of Interest 
Determination), the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be 
either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR Shift Compound, as follows: 
(x) if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); 
Where: 
€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
€STRi-p×ni
D
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
Where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, 360; 
d0 for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 71 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
71 
€STRi-p means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling p T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2 Business Day i; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any T2 Business Day i is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant T2 Business Day i up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period. 
€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏
(1+
€STRi×ni
D
) -1
d0
i=1
] ×
360
d  
Where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, 360; 
d0 for any Observation Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
€STRi means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR for that T2 Business Day i; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni for any T2 Business Day i is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant T2 Business Day i up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling the 
number of T2 Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and

--- Page 72 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
72 
Observation Shift Days means the number of T2 Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and no 
€STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and 
both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate of 
€STR for each relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day 
occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes. The Issuer will notify Noteholders after such substitution in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) or (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
only) the replacement of the €STR by the replacement rate or any other amendments to 
these Conditions necessary to implement such replacement would result in a Regulatory 
Event, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate 
or Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though substituting, in each case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(A)(€STR): 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of

--- Page 73 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
73 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms); 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the Final Terms): 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms); 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 
10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to 
time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European 
Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) 
as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
a) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for 
each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred;

--- Page 74 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
74 
€STR means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately 
following such T2 Business Day; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms): 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms); 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank. 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
as follows: 
(a) 
if “SOFR Arithmetic Mean” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus 
or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall 
be used for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded);

--- Page 75 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
75 
(b) 
if “SOFR Lookback Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);  
(c)  if “SOFR Shift Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest of each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(d) 
if “SOFR Index Average” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of calculating SOFR Index Average, subject to the provisions of paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of “SOFR” below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant 
Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall be 
calculated, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, in accordance with the “USD-SOFR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. 
Benchmark Transition Event 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or prior to 
the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, and unless 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes only) the replacement of the Benchmark by the 
Benchmark Replacement or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes would 
result in a Regulatory Event (in which case the provisions paragraph (i) of the definition of 
“SOFR” will apply), the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any further subsequent 
operation of this provision in respect of such replacement benchmark).  
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(ii)(A)(SOFR), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any 
other party. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(A) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Principal

--- Page 76 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
76 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(A)(SOFR): 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
[∏(1+
SOFRi-pUSGSBD×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, SOFRi for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”.

--- Page 77 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
77 
USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑] 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period 
to (but excluding) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period or such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in 
respect of this U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi. 
USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE means the rate of return of a compound interest investment 
(with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
Where: 
dc means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) day in relation to which the 
SOFR IndexEnd is determined.

--- Page 78 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
78 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Index means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s website at or around 
3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of 
the relevant Interest Period (an “Index Determination Date”). 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date). 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order presented in 
clause (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer, as applicable, as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement 
of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to 
the definitions of “Interest Period”, the timing and frequency of determining rates with 
respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, day count fractions and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, decides that the adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, 
as applicable, determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer, as applicable, determines is reasonably necessary);

--- Page 79 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
79 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof, where applicable):  
(i) in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant); or  
(ii) in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
provided that, in the event of any public statement or publication of information as 
referenced in (i) or (ii) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such a public 
statement or publication occur on a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant 
public statement or publication, the Benchmark Transition Event shall be deemed to occur 
on the date falling three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof, if relevant): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of 
the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
announcing that either the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) (i) is 
no longer representative, (ii) has been or will be prohibited from being used or 
(iii) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
80 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
Interest Payment Date means each date designated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event 
with respect to the Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Transition Event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Margin means the margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
NY Federal Reserve’s website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (the NY Federal Reserve), currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of the 
SOFR; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Bank of New York or any successor therero; 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” or any 
successor page or service; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the secured overnight financing rate that appears at the SOFR Determination Time, 
as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page or, if no such 
rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the secured 
overnight financing rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no 
such rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the secured overnight 
financing rate published on the NY Federal Reserve’s website for the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s website; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustement, or 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or

--- Page 81 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
81 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
SOFR Determination Time means approximately 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s website on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and  
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
(B) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes − ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For 
the purposes of this paragraph (B), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(x) if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Principal Paying Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period,

--- Page 82 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
82 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Principal Paying Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate; 
(e) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and: 
(1) Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(3) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(f) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option and Averaging is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and: 
(1) Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(g) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option, Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(a) "Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) "Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(c) "Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date or the Final Maturity 
Date, as applicable; and

--- Page 83 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
83 
(d) "Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(z) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:  
(a) "Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(b) if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Previous Day's Rate". 
For the purposes of this paragraph (B), except as otherwise defined in this Condition, 
Applicable Business Day, Calculation Agent, Compounding with Lockout, 
Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Designated Maturity, Floating Rate Option, Floating Rate, Lockout Period Business 
Day, Lockout, Lookback, Observation Period Shift, Observation Period Shift 
Business Day, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day, Overnight Floating 
Rate Option, Reset Date and Swap Transaction have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below).  
ISDA Definitions has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
2006 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA on its website (copies of which may be obtained 
from ISDA at www.isda.org). 
2021 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its 
website (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org).  
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation in relation to Floating Rate Notes 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate, other than SONIA, 
€STR and SOFR, when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply. 
 
 (x) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the 
Independent Adviser determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(y)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(z)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(aa)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an independent adviser with appropriate expertise and in consultation with the 
Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Noteholders, the

--- Page 84 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
84 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(x) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as applicable) and, 
in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, if any, or any Benchmark 
Amendments, all as determined by the Independent Adviser, would result in (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes only) a Regulatory Event, then : 
• 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period; 
• 
if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest; 
• 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(x) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)(x). 
(y) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, if any, shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)); or 
 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread, if any, shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)).  
(z) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread), if any, shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) which is by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread,

--- Page 85 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
85 
then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(aa) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, if any, is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, if any, (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(bb), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(aa), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(bb) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) will be 
notified by the Issuer, promptly after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and the Benchmark Amendments, if any, specified in such notice will 
(in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, if any, and the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(cc) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5(b)(ii)(A) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such 
other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(dd) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread in each case which is to be applied to the the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 86 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
86 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or (if no such recommendation or provision has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate, as the case may be.  
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines. in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C). is customarily applied, as determined by the 
Independent Adviser, in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(aa); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 consecutive 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method calculation has significantly 
changed; or  
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate; or  
(vii) a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may 
be, and not the date of the relevant public statement;

--- Page 87 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
87 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
in the applicable Final Terms used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component 
part(s) thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. Determination of Rate of 
Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. In any 
case, the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, if any, will notify the Principal 
Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
The Principal Paying Agent, or the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, if any, 
will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for 
the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive 
Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, if any applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below), multiplying such sum by such Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is 
a Definitive Bearer Note or a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined

--- Page 88 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
88 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5(b): 
(1) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(2) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(3) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(4) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(5) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(6) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360

--- Page 89 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
89 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(7) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(iv) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than 
the first day of each Interest Period, or in the case of SONIA Floating Rate Notes, by no later than 
one London Banking Day after the Interest Determination Date relating to each Interest Period or 
in the case of €STR Floating Rate Notes, by no later than the Interest Payment Date relating to 
each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter.

--- Page 90 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
90 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in Luxembourg. 
(v) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(b), 
whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, if any, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue 
to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(d) 
Interest Deferral – Subordinated Notes  
This paragraph (d) is applicable to Subordinated Notes for which the applicable Final Terms so 
specify. 
Interest on Subordinated Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date in accordance 
with the Conditions unless such date is declared a Deferral Date (as defined below). 
(i) 
Optional Interest Payment Dates 
On any Optional Interest Payment Date (as defined below), the Issuer may elect, by notice 
to the Noteholders and the Principal Paying Agent pursuant to paragraph (v) below, to defer 
payment of all (but not some only) of the interest accrued to that date, and the Issuer shall 
not have any obligation to make such payment and any non-payment resulting from such 
deferral shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose, unless the Interest 
Payment Date constitutes a Compulsory Interest Payment Date (as defined below) in which 
case interest on the Subordinated Notes will be payable and will not be deferred. 
Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Payment Date and deferred in accordance 
with this paragraph (i) shall so long as the same remains outstanding constitute Arrears of 
Interest and shall be payable as outlined below.

--- Page 91 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
91 
(ii) 
Mandatory Interest Deferral Dates 
On any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date (as defined below), the Issuer will (subject as 
provided below) be obliged, by notice to the Noteholders and the Principal Paying Agent 
pursuant to paragraph (v) below, to defer payment of all (but not some only) of the interest 
accrued to that date, and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment 
and any non-payment resulting from such deferral shall not constitute a default by the Issuer 
for any purpose. 
(iii) 
Waiver of Mandatory Interest Deferral by the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
Notwithstanding that an Interest Payment Date may be a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, 
interest may still be paid on such Interest Payment Date to the extent permitted under, and 
in accordance with, the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
on or prior to such Interest Payment Date, the Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority has been exceptionally given with respect to the payment of 
the relevant interest and/or Arrears of Interest; 
(B) 
the payment of the relevant interest and/or Arrears of Interest does not further 
weaken the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the Group; and 
(C) 
the applicable minimum capital requirement (MCR) (or, if different, whatever 
terminology is employed to denote such requirement by the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) is complied with after the payment of the relevant interest 
and/or Arrears of Interest has been made. 
Any interest not paid on a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and deferred in accordance 
with this paragraph (iii) shall so long as the same remains outstanding constitute Arrears 
of Interest and shall be payable as outlined below.  
(iv) 
Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest may, subject to the fulfilment of the Conditions to Settlement (as defined 
below), at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at any time but all Arrears of 
Interest in respect of all Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding shall become 
due in full on whichever is the earliest of: 
(A) 
the next Interest Payment Date which is a Compulsory Interest Payment Date; or 
(B) 
the date of any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the 
provisions relating to redemption of the Notes; or 
(C) 
the date upon which a judgment is made by a competent court for the judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation judiciaire) or for the sale of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l'entreprise) following an order of judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer or in the event of the liquidation of 
the Issuer for any other reason. 
(v) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this paragraph (d): 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations means the Solvency II Directive as implemented in 
France, the Solvency II Regulation and any other capital requirements or regulatory capital 
rules (including the guidelines and recommendations of the European Insurance and 
Occupational Pensions Authority (or any successor authority), the official application or

--- Page 92 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
92 
interpretation of the Relevant Supervisory Authority and any applicable decision of any 
court or tribunal) from time to time in effect in France (or if the Issuer becomes domiciled in 
a jurisdiction other than France, such other jurisdiction) and applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group (including for the purpose of any capital requirements of internationally active 
insurance groups), which would lay down the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion as own funds regulatory capital of at least the tier (or, if different, 
whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept) that the Subordinated Notes 
would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of 
the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated 
to form a single series with the Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last tranche of 
the Subordinated Notes, as opposed to own funds regulatory capital of any other tier (or, if 
different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept), for single solvency 
and group solvency purposes of the Issuer;  
Compulsory Interest Payment Date means each Interest Payment Date prior to which, 
during a period of six months prior to such Interest Payment Date, a dividend in any form 
on any ordinary or preference shares of the Issuer has been declared or paid, unless such 
Interest Payment Date constitutes a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date; 
Conditions to Settlement are satisfied on any day with respect to any payment of Arrears 
of Interest, if any, if (i) the Issuer has obtained the Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority and (ii) no Regulatory Deficiency has occurred and is continuing or 
would be caused by such payment. Notwithstanding that a Regulatory Deficiency may have 
occurred and be continuing on the date due for payment of Arrears of Interest, or if such 
payment would of itself cause a Regulatory Deficiency, Arrears of Interest may still be paid 
at any time to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the Solvency II Directive 
and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations and provided that all of the following conditions 
are met: 
(A) 
on or prior to the relevant payment date, the Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority has been exceptionally given with respect to such payment; 
(B) 
such payment does not further weaken the solvency position of the Issuer and/or 
the Group; and 
(C) 
the applicable Minimum Capital Requirement (or, if different, whatever terminology 
is employed to denote such requirement by the then Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations) is complied with after such payment has been made. 
Deferral Date means either a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date or an Optional Interest 
Payment Date; 
Group means the Issuer together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries;  
Mandatory Interest Deferral Date means each Interest Payment Date in respect of which 
the holders of Subordinated Notes and the Principal Paying Agent have been notified by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(d) paragraph (v) below that (i) a Regulatory Deficiency 
has occurred and such Regulatory Deficiency is continuing on such Interest Payment Date 
or (ii) the payment of such interest would of itself cause a Regulatory Deficiency; 
Optional Interest Payment Date means any Interest Payment Date other than a 
Compulsory Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date; 
Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority means the prior written approval 
of the Relevant Supervisory Authority, if such approval is required at the time under the 
then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, and provided that such approval has not been 
withdrawn by the date set for redemption, purchase, exchange, variation or payment, as 
the case may be;

--- Page 93 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
93 
Regulatory Deficiency means that: 
(A) 
the own funds regulatory capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed 
to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) of the 
Issuer and/or the Group is not sufficient to cover its capital requirements (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable solvency capital requirement (SCR or 
Solvency Capital Requirement), the applicable minimum capital requirement 
(MCR or Minimum Capital Requirement) or any applicable capital requirements 
for internationally active insurance groups) (or, if different, whatever terminology is 
employed to denote such requirement by the then Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations) whichever occurs earlier; or 
(B) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has notified the Issuer that it has determined, in 
view of the financial condition of the Issuer and/or the Group, that in accordance 
with the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations at such time, the Issuer must take 
specified action in relation to payments under the Subordinated Notes, 
in each case without taking into account any Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority being granted on an exceptional basis with respect to the payment of interest 
and/or Arrears of Interest on, or the redemption or purchase of, the Subordinated Notes. 
Relevant Supervisory Authority means any relevant regulator having jurisdiction over the 
Issuer and/or the Group, in the event that the Issuer and/or the Group is required to comply 
with certain applicable capital requirements. The current Relevant Supervisory Authority is 
the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (the ACPR). 
Solvency II Directive means Directive 2009/138/EC of November 25, 2009 on the taking-
up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance (Solvency II), as amended 
from time to time, the further legislative acts of the European Union enacted in relation 
thereto and the French legislation implementing the same. 
Solvency II Regulation means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 
October 10, 2014, as amended from time to time. 
(vi) 
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interest 
The Issuer shall give not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' prior 
notice to (x) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and (y) the Principal Paying 
Agent: 
(A) 
of any Optional Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer elects to defer interest 
as provided in paragraph (d)(i) above;  
(B) 
of any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and specifying that interest will not be paid 
due to a Regulatory Deficiency, either continuing or being caused by such interest 
payment, on the next Interest Payment Date, provided that if the Regulatory 
Deficiency occurs less than five (5) Business Days before such Interest Payment 
Date, the Issuer shall give notice of the interest deferral as soon as practicable under 
the circumstances before such Mandatory Interest Deferral Date; and 
(C) 
of any date upon which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest shall become due 
and payable. 
So long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, or listed and admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, and the rules of 
such stock exchange so require, notice of any such deferral shall also be given as soon as 
reasonably practicable to such stock exchange.

--- Page 94 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
94 
(vii) 
Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest  
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest are paid in part: 
(A) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment has 
been made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any earlier period; and 
(B) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest payable in respect of any Subordinated Note in 
respect of any period, shall be calculated pro rata to the total amount of all unpaid 
Arrears of Interest accrued in respect of that period to the date of payment. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian dollars or 
Swiss Francs shall be Sydney, Singapore, Hong Kong, Montreal and Zurich respectively); 
and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer) and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (FATCA). The Issuer will 
not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. 
(b) 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented 
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Bearer Note to which it 
appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any Definitive Bearer Note

--- Page 95 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
95 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date in the case of Senior Notes, the Final Maturity Date in the case of Subordinated Notes with a 
specified maturity date or any redemption date in the case of Subordinated Notes with no specified 
maturity date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than 
a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less 
than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
Definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America and its possessions). A record of each payment made against presentation or 
surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of Payment Day set out in Condition 6(f).  
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made 
by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes

--- Page 96 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
96 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) at the close of business on the Clearing System 
Business Day (being for this purpose also a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant due date 
(the Record Date). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the 
case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian dollars or Swiss 
Francs shall be Sydney, Singapore, Hong Kong, Montreal and Zurich respectively) and (in the case 
of a payment in Euro) any bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made in the Specified 
Currency on the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date on such fifteenth day. Upon application 
of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest 
in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable 
to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in 
writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as 
payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note. Notwithstanding the above, in respect of 
Registered Global Notes, all payments will be made to the person whose name is entered on the 
Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the 
date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive 
except December 25 and January 1. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Note in registered form 
in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be paid by 
transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent 
on behalf of DTC or its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency for conversion into and 
payment in U.S. Dollars unless the participant in DTC with an interest in the Notes has elected to 
receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency, in the manner specified in the Agency 
Agreement and in accordance with rules and procedures for the time being of DTC. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream or DTC, as the case may be, for his/her share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. Dollars, such U.S. Dollar payments of principal

--- Page 97 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
97 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian 
dollars or Swiss Francs shall be Sydney, Singapore, Hong Kong, Montreal and Zurich, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a T2 Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) has not elected to receive any part of such payment in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. Dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 98 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
98 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7(m)); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
The Notes may not be redeemed or purchased other than in accordance with this Condition 7 (and 
any redemption or purchase is subject to the fulfillment of the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase (as set out in Condition 7(k))) or Condition 10. 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
In respect of Senior Notes, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date. 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date 
In respect of Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date, unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each such Subordinated Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date 
Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date are undated obligations of the Issuer 
and have no fixed maturity date, but may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer 
under certain circumstances set out below. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(i) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
by giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) days' notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, if on the date of the 
next payment due under the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of (a) 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of France or any political 
subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, France having power to tax, or (b) any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, and such change or 
amendment only occurs or became effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that the due date for redemption 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make such 
payment without withholding or deduction for French taxes (a Withholding Tax Event). 
Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent (i) a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to 
redeem as aforesaid have occurred and stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such

--- Page 99 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
99 
redemption and (ii) an opinion of independent legal adviser of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. 
If the Issuer would on the date of the next payment due under the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders of the full 
amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
contained in Condition 8 (a Gross-up Event), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Principal Paying Agent and subject to having given not less than seven (7) 
nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders, the Issuer shall, and with respect 
to Subordinated Notes, may, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given, shall 
be the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment without withholding 
or deduction for French taxes, or if such date is past, as soon as is practicable thereafter. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b)(i) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (m) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption including any Arrears of Interest. 
(ii) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time by giving not less than thirty (30) and nor more 
than forty-five (45) days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders, if on the date of the next payment due under the Notes or 
Coupons, the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under the Notes or Coupons that is 
tax-deductible is reduced as a result of (a) any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of France or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, France having 
power to tax, or (b) any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, and such change or amendment only occurs or became effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes provided 
that the due date for redemption shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date 
preceding the effective date on which the part of the interest payable under the Notes or 
Coupons that is tax-deductible is reduced (a Tax Deductibility Event). Prior to the giving 
of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent (i) a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer stating that the part 
of the interest payable under the Notes or Coupons that is tax-deductible is reduced as 
aforesaid and that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and (ii) an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser of recognised standing to such effect. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b)(ii) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (m) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption including any Arrears of Interest. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14; and 
(B) 
not less than ten (10) days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem in whole or, in part, the Notes 
then outstanding: 
(i) 
if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, on such Optional 
Redemption Date or on any Interest Payment Date falling thereafter, and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with

--- Page 100 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
100 
interest accrued (including any Arrears of Interest) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date; or  
(ii) 
if a First Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, on the First Call Date 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on any date thereafter up to and including the 
last day of the First Call Period or on any Interest Payment Date falling thereafter, and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued (including any Arrears of Interest) to (but excluding) the 
relevant redemption date.  
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by Definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note, not more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such selection 
date, the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list 
of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 
not less than ten (10) days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least five (5) days prior 
to the Selection Date.  
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If “Investor Put” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed 
under this Condition 7(d) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. It may be that 
before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be 
satisfied.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, deliver such Note, or evidence 
satisfactory to the Agent concerned that this Note will following delivery of the Put Notice be held 
to its order or under its control, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours 
of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is 
to be made under this Condition 7(d), and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the 
balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2(b). If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (which may include notice 
being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable

--- Page 101 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
101 
to Euroclear and Clearstream from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, 
at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, there will be no redemption at the option of the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If "Clean-up Call Option" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 
at least 75 per cent. or any other percentage higher than 75 per cent. as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Clean-up Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of a particular 
Series of Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further securities issued pursuant 
to Condition 16 will be deemed to have been originally issued) has been redeemed and/or 
purchased and cancelled (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the 
Notes at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 7(h), if 
applicable), the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders) and subject to Condition 7(k) for Subordinated Notes only, having given not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes of that Series then outstanding, 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) up 
to but excluding the date of redemption. 
(f) 
Residual Maturity redemption of Senior Notes at the option of the Issuer 
In respect of Senior Notes only, if "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders), at any time as from the call option date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date (the Call 
Option Date), having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of a 
particular Series then outstanding, at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest 
(including Arrears of Interest) up to but excluding the Call Option Date. 
(g) 
Optional Redemption, Exchange or Variation of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Reasons  
(i) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Reasons 
Upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event (as defined below) with respect to any 
Subordinated Notes on or after the Issue Date, such Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemable in whole, but not in part, at any time, at the option of the Issuer having given 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest (including Arrears of Interest) up to but excluding the date of redemption. 
(ii) 
Exchange/Variation of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Reasons  
Upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event (as defined below) with respect to any 
Subordinated Notes on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, as an alternative to 
paragraph (i) above, on any Interest Payment Date, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
(a) exchange the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Securities replacing the Subordinated 
Notes, or (b) vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they become Qualifying

--- Page 102 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
102 
Securities, so that in either case the aggregate nominal amount of the Qualifying Securities 
is treated, for the purposes of the determination of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory 
capital under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, as own funds regulatory capital 
of at least the tier (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept 
by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) that the Subordinated Notes would be 
expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date. Any such exchange or variation is subject 
to:  
(x) 
the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; 
(y) 
the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority being obtained; 
(z) 
the Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority) on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading, and (for so long as the rules of such exchange 
require) the publication of any appropriate supplement, listing particulars or 
offering circular in connection therewith, and the Qualifying Securities 
continuing to be listed on or admitted to the same stock exchange as the 
Subordinated Notes if they were listed immediately prior to the relevant 
exchange and/or variation; 
(aa) 
the exchange or variation to the terms of the Subordinated Notes are not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders as certified to the 
Noteholders by a director of the Issuer and by a representative of each of two 
Independent Advisers (for the avoidance of doubt the Principal Paying Agent 
shall accept the certificates of the Issuer and Independent Advisers as 
sufficient evidence of the occurrence of a Regulatory Event and that such 
exchange or variation to the terms of the Subordinated Notes are not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders); and 
(bb) 
the issue of legal opinions addressed to the Principal Paying Agent from one 
or more international law firms of good reputation confirming (i) in respect of 
French law, that the Issuer has capacity to assume all rights and obligations 
under the Qualifying Securities and has obtained all necessary corporate or 
governmental authorisation to assume all such rights and obligations and (ii) in 
respect of English law, the legality, validity and enforceability of such exchange 
or variation and of the Qualifying Securities. 
Any such exchange or variation shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be 
notified to them in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Make-Whole Call Option at the option of the Issuer for Senior Notes  
If “Make-Whole Call Option” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for the issuance 
of Senior Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders) at any time or from time to time prior to their Maturity Date (or, if a Residual 
Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, prior to their Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) (each such date on which the Notes are so 
redeemed, a Make-Whole Redemption Date, which date shall be specified in the notice of 
redemption), having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (except as otherwise specified in the Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14, 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a price per relevant Calculation Amount of the Notes equal 
to their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below), together with any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Issuer shall, not less than 
fifteen (15) days before the giving of any notice referred to above, notify the Principal Paying Agent,

--- Page 103 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
103 
the Calculation Party (as defined below) and such other parties as may be specified in the Final 
Terms of its decision to exercise the Make-Whole Call Option. 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means in respect of each relevant Calculation Amount of the 
Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition an amount, calculated by the Issuer or any other 
international credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose 
of determining the Make-Whole Redemption Amount and designated in the notice (the Calculation 
Party) equal to the greater of: 
 
(x) 100 per cent. of the outstanding nominal amount per each relevant Calculation Amount of 
the Notes so redeemed; and, 
(y) the sum (rounded to the nearest cent of the relevant Specified Currency (with half a cent 
being rounded upwards)) of the present values as at the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest per each relevant Calculation Amount 
of such Notes until the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, until the Call Option Date, and assuming for this 
purpose, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Notes would otherwise be scheduled to be redeemed in whole on the Call Option 
Date pursuant to Condition 7(f)) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date (in accordance with applicable market conventions and on a basis which is 
consistent with the calculation of interest as set out in Condition 5) at a rate that is equal to the 
Redemption Rate plus the Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
The Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount and any interest accrued on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date will be notified (promptly following the 
determination of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount) by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Party shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount 
of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and requirements of any regulated market or other stock exchange on 
which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
The Calculation Party, in the event it is not the Issuer and it is acting on behalf of the Issuer, shall 
act solely as agent of the Issuer and shall not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for, 
and shall not be liable (to the fullest extent permitted by law) as against, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. 
(i) 
Optional Redemption, Exchange or Variation of Subordinated Notes for Rating Reasons 
(i) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes for Rating Reasons 
If at any time the Issuer determines that a Rating Methodology Event (as defined below) 
has occurred with respect to the Subordinated Notes on or after the Issue Date, such 
Subordinated Notes will be redeemable in whole, but not in part, at any time, at the option 
of the Issuer having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) up to but excluding the date of 
redemption.

--- Page 104 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
104 
(ii) 
Exchange or Variation for Rating Reasons 
If at any time the Issuer determines that a Rating Methodology Event has occurred with 
respect to the Subordinated Notes on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, as an 
alternative to paragraph (i) above, on any Interest Payment Date, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, (a) exchange the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Securities replacing 
the Subordinated Notes, or (b) vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they 
become Qualifying Securities, subject to and in accordance with the conditions set out in 
paragraphs (g)(ii)(x) to (bb) above, which shall apply mutatis mutandis with respect to such 
Rating Methodology Event. 
Any such exchange or variation shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to them 
in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(j) 
Optional Redemption, Exchange or Variation of Subordinated Notes for Accounting 
Reasons 
(i) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes for Accounting Reasons 
Upon the occurrence of an Accounting Event with respect to any Subordinated Notes, such 
Subordinated Notes will be redeemable in whole, but not in part, at any time, at the option 
of the Issuer having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) up to but excluding the date of 
redemption. 
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by a Director of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred. 
(ii) 
Exchange or Variation for Accounting Reasons 
Upon the occurrence of an Accounting Event with respect to the Subordinated Notes on or 
after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, as an alternative to paragraph (i) above, on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the Noteholders, (a) exchange the Subordinated 
Notes for Qualifying Securities replacing the Subordinated Notes, or (b) vary the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes so that they become Qualifying Securities, subject to and in 
accordance with the conditions set out in paragraphs (g)(ii)(x) to (bb) above, which shall 
apply mutatis mutandis with respect to such Accounting Event. 
Any such exchange or variation shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to them 
in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase  
Any redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the conditions (in addition to 
others as described herein) that (i) the Issuer has obtained the Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority, (ii) no Regulatory Deficiency has occurred and is continuing on the date due 
for redemption or purchase and such redemption or purchase would not of itself cause a Regulatory 
Deficiency and (iii) if and to the extent required under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
in order for the Subordinated Notes to be treated, for the purposes of the determination of the 
Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital, as own funds regulatory capital of at least the tier 
(or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) that the Subordinated Notes would be expected to fall under on or about 
the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued 
pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series with the Subordinated Notes and

--- Page 105 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
105 
if such treatment on the issue date of such tranche is lower than the one assigned to the Notes on 
or around the Issue Date) the issue date of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, no Insolvent 
Insurance Affiliate Winding-up has occurred and is continuing on the date due for redemption or 
purchase. 
Should a Regulatory Deficiency or an Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up occur after a notice 
for redemption has been given to the Noteholders, such redemption notice shall become 
automatically void and notice of such fact shall be given promptly by the Issuer, in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
Notwithstanding that a Regulatory Deficiency may have occurred and be continuing on the date 
due for redemption or purchase, or if such redemption or purchase would of itself cause a 
Regulatory Deficiency, the Subordinated Notes may still be redeemed or purchased on such date 
to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations and provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
on or prior to such date, the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been 
exceptionally given with respect to the relevant redemption or purchase of the Subordinated 
Notes; 
(B) 
the relevant redeemed or purchased Subordinated Notes are replaced by other own funds 
regulatory capital of at least the same quality; and 
(C) 
the applicable Minimum Capital Requirement (or, if different, whatever terminology is 
employed to denote such requirement by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) is 
complied with after the relevant redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes has 
been made. 
Notwithstanding that an Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up may have occurred and be 
continuing on the date due for redemption or purchase, the Subordinated Notes may still be 
redeemed or purchased on such date to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the 
Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations and provided that, on or prior to 
such date, the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been exceptionally given 
with respect to the relevant redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or purchased pursuant to Conditions 7(e), (i), (j) 
above and (o)(ii) below prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) 
of the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to 
form a single series with the Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes, unless (but only if and to the extent so required or otherwise as provided by 
the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of such redemption 
or purchase) the relevant redeemed or purchased Subordinated Notes are replaced by other own 
funds regulatory capital of at least the same quality. 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(g) prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has or have 
been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series with the 
Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, unless (i) the 
relevant redeemed Subordinated Notes are replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of at 
least the same quality or (ii) (x) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed to the Issuer that 
it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital Requirement, after the redemption, will be exceeded by an 
appropriate margin (taking into account the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the Group, 
including the Issuer’s medium-term capital management plan) and (y) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory Authority that the Regulatory Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes or (if any further Tranche(s) of 
the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to 
form a single series with the Subordinated Notes) the time of the issuance of the last tranche of the

--- Page 106 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
106 
Subordinated Notes and (z) the Relevant Supervisory Authority considers such change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes to be sufficiently certain. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the conditions set out in paragraph (ii) above are deemed to be fulfilled once the Issuer has 
obtained the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority. 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) (where a Redemption 
Alignment Event has occurred) or Condition 7(b)(ii) prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date 
or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to 
Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series with the Subordinated Notes) the issue date 
of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, unless (i) the relevant redeemed Subordinated Notes 
are replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of at least the same quality or (ii) (x) the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority has confirmed to the Issuer that it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital 
Requirement, after the redemption, will be exceeded by an appropriate margin (taking into account 
the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the Group, including the Issuer’s medium-term capital 
management plan) and (y) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority that the Withholding Tax Event, Gross-up Event or Tax Deductibility Event is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes or (if any 
further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 
and consolidated to form a single series with the Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last 
tranche of the Subordinated Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the conditions set out in paragraph 
(ii) above are deemed to be fulfilled once the Issuer has obtained the Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority. 
Except in circumstances where a Redemption Alignment Event has occurred, the Subordinated 
Notes may not be redeemed following a Withholding Tax Event pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) prior 
to the tenth anniversary of the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes 
has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series with the 
Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, unless the 
relevant redeemed Subordinated Notes are replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of at 
least the same quality. 
(l) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 7, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Accounting Event means that an opinion of a recognised accountancy firm of international 
standing has been delivered to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, stating that as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the Applicable Accounting Standards the Subordinated Notes 
must not, or must no longer be, recorded as “liabilities” in the case of Subordinated Notes with a 
specified maturity date, or as “equity” in the case of Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity 
date, in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and this cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking such reasonable measures it (acting in good faith) deems appropriate;  
Applicable Accounting Standards means the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS), as applicable at the relevant dates and for the relevant periods, or other accounting 
principles generally accepted in France (or if the Issuer becomes domiciled in a jurisdiction other 
than France, such other jurisdiction) and applied by the Issuer which subsequently supersede 
them; 
Call Option Date has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7(f); 
Clean-up Percentage has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7(e); 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 7(k); 
Final Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
being at least 100 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes;

--- Page 107 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
107 
Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up means: 
(i) 
the winding-up of any Insurance Undertaking or Reinsurance Undertaking within the Group; 
or 
(ii) 
the appointment of an administrator of any Insurance Undertaking or Reinsurance 
Undertaking within the Group, 
in each case, where the Issuer has determined, acting reasonably and in consultation with the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority, that the assets of that Insurance Undertaking or Reinsurance 
Undertaking within the Group may or will not be sufficient to meet all claims of the policyholders 
pursuant to a contract of insurance of that Insurance Undertaking or Reinsurance Undertaking 
which is subject to a winding-up or administration process (and for these purposes, the claims of 
policyholders pursuant to a contract of insurance shall include all amounts to which policyholders 
are entitled under applicable legislation or rules relating to the winding-up of Insurance 
Undertakings or Reinsurance Undertakings that reflect any right to receive or expectation of 
receiving benefits which policyholders may have);  
Insurance Undertaking has the meaning ascribed to it in the Solvency II Directive;  
Optional Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Qualifying Securities means securities that: 
(i) 
maintain at least the same ranking in liquidation, same interest rate and interest payment 
dates; 
(ii) 
as far as the redemption of the Subordinated Notes is concerned, preserve the obligations 
of the Issuer including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such 
redemption, provided that such Qualifying Securities may not be redeemed by the Issuer 
prior to the first applicable call date specified therein (save for redemption, exchange or 
variation on terms analogous with the terms of Conditions 7(b), 7(e), 7(g), 7(i) and 7(j)); and 
(iii) 
maintain the same rights to accrued interest and/or Arrears of Interest (and Arrears of 
Interest accrued on the Subordinated Notes originally issued, if any, which will be 
transferred respectively to such Qualifying Securities), maintain the same rights to principal 
and interest without any additional principal loss absorption via a write-down or conversion 
into ordinary shares of the principal amount, as the Subordinated Notes; 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P Global Ratings) or Moody’s France SAS (Moody’s) or A.M. Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. 
(AM Best), or, in each case, any successor(s) thereto; 
Rating Methodology Event will be deemed to occur upon a change in the methodology of a Rating 
Agency (or in the interpretation of such methodology) as a result of which the equity content 
previously assigned by such Rating Agency to the Subordinated Notes is, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Issuer, materially reduced when compared to the equity content assigned by such Rating 
Agency on or about the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has or 
have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series with the 
Subordinated Notes and if the equity content assigned by such Rating Agency on the issue date of 
such tranche is lower than the one assigned to the Notes on or around the Issue Date) the issue 
date of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes; 
Redemption Alignment Event will be deemed to have occurred if at any time prior to the tenth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes or (if any further Tranche(s) of the 
Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a 
single series with the Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last tranche of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer determines, in consultation with the Relevant Supervisory Authority, that the

--- Page 108 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
108 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes following a Withholding Tax Event pursuant to Condition 
7(b)(i), without such redeemed Subordinated Notes being required to be replaced by other own 
funds regulatory capital of at least the same quality, would not cause the Subordinated Notes to no 
longer fulfil the requirements in order to be treated, for the purposes of the determination of the 
Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
(including for the purpose of any capital requirements of internationally active insurance groups), 
as own funds regulatory capital of at least the tier (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed 
to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) that the Subordinated 
Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of 
the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to 
form a single series with the Subordinated Notes and if such treatment on the issue date of such 
tranche is lower than the one assigned to the Notes on or around the Issue Date) the issue date of 
the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, and the Issuer gives not less than fifteen, (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) days’ notice of such determination to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14; 
Redemption Rate means (except as otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the average (rounded 
to the nearest whole multiple of 0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) of the number of 
quotations that are provided by the Reference Dealers to the Calculation Party (or, if only one such 
quotation is available, such quotation) of the mid-market annual or semi-annual (as the case may 
be) yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, if the 
Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, the Similar Security) at 11.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the 
third (3rd) business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Party;  
Reference Dealers means (except as otherwise specified in the Final Terms) each of the three 
banks selected by the Calculation Party which are primary European government security dealers, 
and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Regulatory Event will occur if, on or after the Issue Date, the Relevant Supervisory Authority has 
notified the Issuer: 
(i) 
that under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Subordinated Notes (in whole 
or in part) would not be treated, for the purposes of the determination of the Issuer’s and/or 
the Group’s regulatory capital (including for the purpose of any capital requirements of 
internationally active insurance groups), as own funds regulatory capital of at least the tier 
(or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations) that the Subordinated Notes would be expected to fall 
under on or about the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes 
has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series 
with the Subordinated Notes and if such treatment on the issue date of such tranche is lower 
than the one assigned to the Notes on or around the Issue Date) the issue date of the last 
tranche of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii) 
that under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Subordinated Notes (in whole 
or in part) no longer fulfil the requirements in order to be treated, for the purposes of the 
determination of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital (including for the purpose 
of any capital requirements of internationally active insurance groups), as own funds 
regulatory capital of at least the tier (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to 
denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) that the Subordinated 
Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date or (if any further 
Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 
and consolidated to form a single series with the Subordinated Notes and if such treatment 
on the issue date of such tranche is lower than the one assigned to the Notes on or around 
the Issue Date) the issue date of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, provided that 
on the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has or have been 
issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series with the

--- Page 109 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
109 
Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes did fulfil the requirements for inclusion in the own funds regulatory 
capital of the Issuer and/or the Group of at least such tier (or, if different, whatever 
terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations), 
except where in the case of each of (i) and (ii), this is merely the result of exceeding any applicable 
limits on the inclusion of such securities in the own funds regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group of at least the tier (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept 
by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) that the Subordinated Notes would be expected 
to fall under on or about the Issue Date or (if any further Tranche(s) of the Subordinated Notes has 
or have been issued pursuant to Condition 16 and consolidated to form a single series with the 
Subordinated Notes) the issue date of the last tranche of the Subordinated Notes, pursuant to the 
then Applicable Supervisory Regulations;  
Reinsurance Undertaking has the meaning ascribed to it in the Solvency II Directive; and 
Similar Security means the then outstanding benchmark bond of the issuer (or any other relevant 
related entity) of the Reference Bond (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) that (i) (to the extent 
there is any relevant market for new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Call Option Date)) would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Call Option Date), or (ii) (where (i) does not apply) has the maturity date 
falling nearest to the Maturity Date (or, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Call Option Date), all as determined by the Calculation Party and 
notified (promptly following such determination) by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
(m) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (b), (e), (f), (g)(i), (i)(i) and (k) above and Condition 10, (i) each Note 
other than a Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount and 
(ii) each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of thirty (30) days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of 
which is 360. 
(n) 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to paragraph 
(m) above.

--- Page 110 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
110 
(o) 
Purchases 
Subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may 
at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the 
open market or otherwise, and, in the case of Subordinated Notes subject to the fulfilment of the 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer may (i) be held and 
resold in accordance with applicable French laws and regulations or (ii) be cancelled in accordance 
with Article L.228-74 of the French Code de Commerce.  
(p) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased for cancellation by the Issuer shall be cancelled 
forthwith, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, by surrendering such Registered Note to the Registrar. Any Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(q) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (l)(ii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14. 
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges 
whatsoever imposed or levied by or on behalf of France or any political subdivision thereof, or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law.

--- Page 111 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
111 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that any payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons be 
subject to withholding or deduction with respect to any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges whatsoever imposed or levied by or on behalf of France or any 
political subdivision thereof, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will, 
to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal, interest and other 
assimilated revenues which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable or subject to 
such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption, including through the presentation of a certificate of tax residence , to 
the relevant tax authority; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
(including a beneficial owner (ayant droit)) who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with France other than the mere holding of (or beneficial ownership 
with respect to) such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been 
a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(f)). 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 8 to the contrary, neither the Issuer, any paying agent 
nor any other person making payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be required to pay additional 
amounts in respect of such taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
As used herein, the Relevant Date in relation to any Note means the date on which such payment 
first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) will become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten (10) 
years (in the case of principal) and five (5) years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6(b) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
(a) 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur with respect to 
any Senior Note:

--- Page 112 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
112 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal, premium (if any) or interest due in respect 
of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of fifteen (15) days in the 
case of principal or premium (if any) and fifteen (15) days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
thirty (30) days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed monies in excess of 
€150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether individually or in the 
aggregate, becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default 
thereunder, or if any such indebtedness shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, 
within any applicable grace period therefore or any steps shall be taken to enforce any 
security in respect of any such indebtedness or any guarantee given by the Issuer for, or in 
respect of, any such indebtedness of others shall not be honoured when due and called 
upon; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer 
of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer makes any conveyance, assignment or other 
arrangement for the benefit of its creditors generally or if the Issuer is subject to any other 
insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, or if the Issuer is wound up or dissolved except in 
connection with a merger where the entity resulting from such merger assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes; 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any 
Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(m)), 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
Enforcement Events relating to Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes and in accordance with Condition 3(b), if any judgment shall be 
issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for 
any other reason, then the Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 3(b), at their nominal amount together with any accrued interest 
(including Arrears of Interest) to the date of payment. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.

--- Page 113 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
113 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. Dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(e). Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, or where the Paying Agent 
becomes a FATCA Noncompliant Financial Institution or otherwise subject to withholding under 
FATCA, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five 
(45) days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
As used herein: 
FATCA Compliant FFI means a “Participating FFI”, a “deemed-compliant FFI”, as such terms are 
defined pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations thereunder or 
official interpretations thereof or any person that can receive payments free of FATCA withholding; 
and 
FATCA Noncompliant Financial Institution means a foreign financial institution (FFI) that, as 
from the effective date of any rules requiring withholding on “passthru payments” (as such terms 
are defined pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations thereunder 
or official interpretations thereof), is not a FATCA Compliant FFI. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 9. Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these Conditions, be 
deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the 
relative Coupon sheet matures. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as the 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 114 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
114 
Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will 
be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in 
Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading, including publication 
on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any 
such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules and 
regulations of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules and regulations. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Note 
representing the Notes is held in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or DTC, 
be substituted for publication as described in the first paragraph of this Condition 14, the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or DTC for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules and regulations of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, by publication of such notice on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules and regulations or as otherwise permitted by those rules 
and regulations. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes 
on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Definitive Note) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined below) of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting (which need not be a physical meeting and instead may 
be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference platform) may be convened by 
the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment

--- Page 115 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
115 
of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement 
provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders 
holding not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the Noteholders holding not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding, shall, in each case, 
be effective as an extraordinary resolution of the Noteholders (an Extraordinary Resolution). An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or 
to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, any modifications of any of the Conditions shall be subject to 
the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any exchange or variation of the Subordinated Notes in connection 
with the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a Rating Methodology Event shall be made in 
accordance with Conditions 7(g)(ii) or 7(i)(ii) only, and (ii) any modification of the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes pursuant to a Benchmark Event shall be made in accordance with Condition 
5 only, and will not require the approval of the Noteholders. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
(a) 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
(b) 
The Issuer may also from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving not less 
than thirty (30) days' prior notice to the Noteholders, consolidate Notes denominated or 
redenominated in Euro with one or more issues of other notes (Other Notes) issued by it and 
denominated in the currency of any of the Member States of the European Union provided that 
such Other Notes are denominated in, or have been redenominated into Euro and otherwise have, 
in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
116 
In the event of any such consolidation, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
provide for additional, and/or substitute denominations of such Notes. 
Notice of any such consolidation and/or provision of additional or substitute denominations will be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND WRITE-DOWN OR CONVERSION POWERS 
This Condition 18 is applicable only if the Notes are in the scope of articles 35 et seq. of the IRRD, 
as finally implemented under French law.  
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 18, includes 
any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), Couponholder and beneficial 
holder of Coupons, acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of 
the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), including 
on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion in whole or in part, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder 
of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes;  
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(v) 
any other tools and powers provided for in the IRRD, as finally implemented under 
French law; and/or 
(vi) 
any specific French tools and powers pertaining to the recovery and resolution of 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings. 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, 
the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the Amounts Due are the prevailing outstanding amount of the Notes, and 
any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise 
is no longer due. 
For these purposes, the Bail-in Power is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the recovery and resolution of insurance and 
reinsurance undertakings in effect in France, including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, 
rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of the IRRD,

--- Page 117 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
117 
and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (as defined below) (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can 
be reduced (in whole or in part), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified 
in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other 
person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in power following placement in 
resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a Regulated Entity is to any entity which includes certain insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings that are established in the European Union, parent insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings that are established in the European Union, insurance holding companies and mixed 
financial holding companies that are established in the European Union, parent insurance holding 
companies and parent mixed financial holding companies established in a Member State, 
European Union parent insurance holding companies and European Union parent mixed financial 
holding companies, certain branches of insurance and reinsurance undertakings that are 
established outside the European Union according to the IRRD, any entity mentioned in the IRRD 
and as finally implemented under French law, or any entity designated as such under the laws and 
regulations in effect or which will be in effect in France applicable to the Issuer or other members 
of its group.  
A reference to the Relevant Resolution Authority is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution (the ACPR), any insurance resolution authority as determined by the IRRD or any other 
authority designated as such under the laws and regulations in effect or which will be in effect in 
France applicable to the Issuer or other members of its Group. 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, 
at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment 
or payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect 
in France and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its Group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a 
copy of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent for informational purposes, although the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the 
Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects 
on the Notes described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in whole or in part, of the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of 
the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, 
nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes 
will constitute a default or an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a 
contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to any remedies (including equitable remedies) 
which are hereby expressly waived. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each 
Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the 
Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the 
Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Principal Paying Agent whatsoever, in each 
case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of 
the Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Principal 
Paying Agent’s duties under the Agency Agreement shall continue with respect to the remaining

--- Page 118 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
118 
outstanding Notes following such completion, subject to any necessary changes to the Agency 
Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the 
Notes pursuant to the Bail-in Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition 18 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the 
exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any 
Noteholder. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 18, including, but not limited to, 
those incurred by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, shall be borne by any Noteholder. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law and submission to jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, other than the provisions of 
Condition 3 paragraphs (a) and (b) which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, French law. 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons) and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (together 
referred to as Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits and 
each holder of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (by its acquisition of a Note) is deemed to 
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. For the purposes of this Condition, the 
Issuer waives and each holder of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (by its acquisition of a Note) 
is deemed to waive any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the 
ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
(b) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints AXA UK plc at its principal office at 20 Gracechurch Street, London, 
EC3V 0BG as its agent for service of process in respect of any suit, action or Proceedings, and 
undertakes that, in the event of AXA UK plc ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, 
it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect 
of any Proceedings. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process 
will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
(c) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll and the Deed of Covenant submitted to 
the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 119 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
119 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 120 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
120 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties only, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or both) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or both) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[If the Notes are not “prescribed capital markets products”, insert the following legend:

--- Page 121 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
121 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) – Solely for the purposes 
of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are 
"capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and "Specified Investment Products" 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3 
[Date] 
AXA 
[Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): F5WCUMTUM4RKZ1MAIE39] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated March 28, 2025 [(as supplemented by 
[a] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date(s)])] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is / are] available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com), the website of the Issuer (www.axa.com). The Final Terms will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.)  
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
1. 
[(a)] Series Number: 
[(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
[          ]] 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[The Notes will be assimilated and form a single Series 
with the existing [identify earlier Tranches] issued by 
the Issuer on [insert date / the Issue Date / the date 
that is 40 days after the Issue Date / exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [22] below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date].]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[(a)] 
Series: 
[(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
 
3Legend to be included if the Notes are offered in Singapore and if there is a change in the classification of Notes to "capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products" and "Specified Investment Products".

--- Page 122 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
122 
[          ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[          ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
[(a)] Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].”) 
 
(N.B.1. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to 
trading on an European Economic Area exchange; and 
(ii) only offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is not required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation the 
€100,000 minimum denomination is not required.)] 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is offered under Rule 144A a 
minimum denomination of USD100,000 is required) 
(N.B.2. If the Notes have a maturity of less than one 
year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency.) 
[(b)] Calculation Amount: 
(in relation to calculation of interest in 
global form, see Conditions) 
[          ] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If there is more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. N.B. There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations). 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date: 
[[Fixed rate - specify date]/[Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]/[Not Applicable]] 
8. 
[(a)]  
Interest Basis: 
[[          ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SOFR] [+/-] [          ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed to Floating Rate]

--- Page 123 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
123 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph[s] [13/14/15] below) 
 
[(b)]  
Deferral of Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify for Subordinated 
Notes) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the [Final] 
Maturity Date at [          ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13]/[14] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the [Final] 
Maturity Date, paragraph [13]/[14] applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Tax Deductibility Call] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option][(see paragraph[s] 
[16/17/18/19/20] below)] 
12. 
[(a)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes/Senior Subordinated Notes/Ordinary 
Subordinated Notes] 
[(b)] 
Date of board (or similar) 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[          ] 
(Where relevant for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/ [specify other]] in arrear 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the [Final] 
Maturity Date]] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
(for Notes in definitive form and 
in relation to Notes in global 
form, see Conditions) 
[          ] 
per 
[Note 
of 
[          ] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount]

--- Page 124 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
124 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(for Notes in definitive form and 
in relation to Notes in global 
form, see Conditions) 
[     ] per Specified Denomination / Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[          ] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) (N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s) 
[          ] 
(b) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[          ] in each year, [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (d) below/not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (d) below is specified to be 
not applicable] 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date : 
[          ] 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
(g) 
Calculation Agent (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[[●]-month [●] EURIBOR/SONIA /€STR/SOFR] 
− 
[SOFR determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lookback Compound 
/ SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index Average]]

--- Page 125 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
125 
− 
[€STR determination: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift Compound]] 
− 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Arithmetic Mean)  
The day that is the [second / [           ]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date in relation to the relevant 
Interest Period.] 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[           ] 
[Second day on which T2 is operating prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR / the [           ] 
London Banking Day (as defined in the Conditions) 
falling after the last day of the relevant Observation 
Period if SONIA / [•] T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date if €STR / [the [           ] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day] falling after 
the last day of the relevant Observation Period if SOFR 
Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR 
Index Average] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[           ] 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Look-Back / Observation Shift / Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[[           ] T2 Business Days / London Banking Days / 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days / Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[           ] London Banking Days / Not Applicable] 
− 
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR, €STR) 
 
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) / T2 Business Days]] 
− 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
− 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
− 
Index Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
− 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[[           ]/Not Applicable] 
− 
Specified Time: 
[           ]

--- Page 126 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
126 
(Delete 
for 
all 
Reference 
Rates 
other 
than 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable) 
− 
Relevant Number: 
[           ] [London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
(Delete 
for 
all 
Reference 
Rates 
other 
than 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable or SOFR Index 
Average) 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[           ] 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))4 
− 
Designed Maturity: 
[           ] / [Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
− 
Reset Date: 
[           ] 
− 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
− 
[Compounding 
Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
− 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
[Averaging Method:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
4 
Note: The Conditions and form of final terms contemplate the following floating rate options set out in the ISDA floating rate matrix: CHF-SARON 
/ EUR-EURIBOR / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP-SONIA / GBP-SONIA Compounded 
Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index.

--- Page 127 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
127 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
− 
Index Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]/[the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[          ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(m) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[          ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ]

--- Page 128 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
128 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[Not Applicable/[          ]] 
(If applicable, specify the date) 
(b) 
First Call Period: 
[Not Applicable/[          ]]  
(If applicable, specify the length of the First Call Period) 
(c) 
First Call Date: 
[Not Applicable/[          ]] 
(If applicable, specify the date) 
(d) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[          ] 
per 
Note 
of 
[          ] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount] 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive 
Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes only) 
(e) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
17. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [          ] per cent.] 
(b) 
[Early Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] 
per 
Note 
of 
[          ] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount]] 
18. 
Make-Whole Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice period:5 
[As per Conditions / [          ]] 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Reference Dealers: 
[As per Conditions / [          ]] 
(d) 
Similar Security: 
[As per Conditions / [          ]] 
 
5 If setting notice periods that are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information via intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and its Paying Agent.

--- Page 129 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
129 
(e) 
Redemption Rate: 
[As per Conditions / [          ]] 
(f) 
Redemption Margin: 
[          ] 
19. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Residual Maturity Call Option is applicable only to 
Senior Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Call Option Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Notice period:6 
[As per Conditions / [          ]] 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note : 
[[          ] 
per 
Note 
of 
[          ] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount] 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive 
Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes only) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount7: 
[[          ] 
per 
Note 
of 
[          ] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount] 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive 
Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes only) 
22. 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption for 
withholding tax reasons[, tax-
deductibility reasons] or on [Event of 
Default][, Enforcement Event, 
Regulatory Event, Rating 
Methodology Event or Accounting 
Reasons]: 
[[          ] 
per 
Note 
of 
[          ] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount/[As per Conditions] 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive 
Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes only) 
(b) 
Early Redemption for tax-
deductibility reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
6 If setting notice periods that are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information via intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and its Paying Agent. 
7 The Final Redemption Amount will be at least 100 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes.

--- Page 130 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
130 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form8: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]/[Temporary 
Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]/[Permanent 
Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] [For Bearer Notes] 
[Regulation S Global Note in respect of the nominal 
amount inscribed therein/Rule 144A Global Note in 
respect of the nominal amount inscribed therein] [For 
Registered Notes] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]/[Not Applicable (in the case of Registered 
Notes)] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest to 
which sub-paragraph [14(e)] relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Bearer Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made/No] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(c) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[          ] 
27. 
Redenomination: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
8 If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders / Issuer other than in the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the 
lowest Specified Denomination).

--- Page 131 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
131 
Signed on behalf of AXA:  
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 132 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
132 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
[(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the [regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify any other 
relevant stock exchange] with effect from [          ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading 
on 
the 
[regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange /specify any other relevant stock 
exchange] with effect from [          ].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] issue 
date.] 
[(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[          ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable - The Notes to be issued have not 
been rated] 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated:]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:] 
[S & P: [          ]] 
[Moody's: [          ]] 
[AM Best: [          ]] 
[[Other]: [          ]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating) 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established in the European Union and registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 
No 
1060/2009 (the CRA Regulation). As such 
[          ] [is/are] included in the list of credit rating

--- Page 133 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
133 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established in the European Union and [has/have 
each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the CRA Regulation), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority.]]  
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established 
in 
the 
[European 
Union/United 
Kingdom] but [is/are] endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency/ies], which [is/are] 
established 
in 
the 
[European 
Union/United 
Kingdom] and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (the CRA Regulation)/Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the CRA Regulation) as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA).] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established 
in 
the 
[European 
Union/United 
Kingdom] and [is/are] not endorsed under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation)/Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
CRA Regulation) as it forms part of domestic law 
in the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA)] but [is/are] 
certified 
under 
the 
[CRA 
Regulation/CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the EUWA).] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Union and [has/have] 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009.] 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider: 
[          ]]

--- Page 134 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
134 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the [offer/issue] of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[Not Applicable/[          ] 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus - if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks then 
will need to include those reasons here)] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[          ]] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[          ]] 
 
6. 
INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES (Floating Rate Notes only)  
Benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable/Amounts payable under the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to [          ] 
which is provided by [name of the administrator]. 
As at [date], [name of the administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]]

--- Page 135 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
135 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of 
Condition 14: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second/[          ]] [business] day 
after the day on which it was given to [Euroclear 
and Clearstream/DTC/[          ]]. 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Consider deleting this subparagraph if no sales 
are made into Singapore)

--- Page 136 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
136 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors in Singapore only, 
“Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes are also offered to investors other 
than Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors in Singapore, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified.)

--- Page 137 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
137 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
AXA is a French “société anonyme” (a public limited company) organized under the laws of France and is 
the publicly traded parent company of the AXA Group. The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is 
AXA. AXA’s registered office is located at 25 avenue Matignon, 75008 Paris, France and its telephone 
number is +33 (0) 1 40 75 57 00. AXA was incorporated in 1957 but the origin of its activities goes back to 
1852. AXA’s corporate existence will continue, subject to dissolution or prolongation, until December 31, 
2059. AXA is registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register (Registre du commerce et des 
sociétés) under number 572 093 920. AXA’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is F5WCUMTUM4RKZ1MAIE39. 
The website of the Issuer is: www.axa.com. 
Business overview  
 
AXA SA is the holding company of AXA Group, a worldwide leader in insurance, with total assets of 
€653 billion at December 31, 2024.  
 
AXA operates primarily in five hubs: France, Europe, AXA XL, Asia, Africa & EME-LATAM, and AXA IM.  
 
AXA has three main operating activities: Property & Casualty, Life & Health, and Asset Management. In 
addition, various holding companies within the Group conduct certain non-operating activities. 
 
France 
 
Products and services 
 
AXA offers in France a full range of insurance products, including Property & Casualty and Life & Health. 
Its offering covers a broad range of products including Motor, Household, Property and general liability 
insurance, Banking, Savings, and other investment-based products for both Retail/Individual and 
Commercial/ Group customers, as well as Health, Protection, and retirement products for individual and 
professional customers. In addition, leveraging on its product and distribution expertise, AXA France has 
developed an Employee Benefit offer internationally to individuals, corporates, and other institutions. 
 
New product initiatives 
 
In Life & Health, AXA France has expanded its financial offering in the context of the Green Industry Law 
and its product offering in the context of the Shared Value Law. AXA France has consequently renewed 
its offers of Mandate Management (Wealth Management), Managed Investments (for the general public), 
and Horizon Management (Retirement Savings Enterprise products). In these latter offerings, three 
non-listed assets funds (financing of the real economy and environmental and social transitions) are now 
available, including private debt, a new asset class, since 2024. Simultaneously, AXA France has 
reaffirmed its commitment to society and its clients (e.g., strengthening of guarantees and financial 
education services) while continuing its innovation in structured products. This commitment is also evident 
in the Protection sector with the launch of the “Family Assistance” guarantee, included for all new 
subscriptions. 
 
As a committed insurer for society, AXA France has launched an innovative and inclusive product, “Mon 
Pack Entrepreneur” specifically designed for micro-entrepreneurs. This product combines several 
essential guarantees, such as property damage, professional liability, legal protection, and daily 
allowances, within a single contract. Moreover, AXA France has developed the offer “My Moto” to better 
catch clients’ needs. Additionally, Direct Assurance developed an inclusive insurance in 2024, which 
facilitated access to insurance through the payment of the deductible in three installments with no fees. In 
terms of technology, the launch of the “YouDrive” device has enabled numerous clients to benefit from a 
more advantageous rate with the possibility of reducing their premiums by 50%. 
 
AXA France also has launched the “Mission Prévention” to protect its professional clients and businesses 
by anticipating current and future risks to offer proactive and tailored protection.

--- Page 138 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
138 
Lastly, within the Credit & Lifestyle Protection (CLP) business, In collaboration with one of its partners, a 
predictive AI model (2024 French “Trophées de l’Assurance” award for Technological Innovation) has been 
deployed to further optimize and simplify the claims management process to better support our customers. 
In addition, Care Cover benefit was approved as an add-on to our MPPI products in France. 
 
Distribution channels 
 
In France, AXA distributes its insurance products through exclusive and non-exclusive channels including 
exclusive agents, salaried sales forces, direct sales, banks, as well as brokers, independent financial 
advisors, aligned distributors or wholesale distributors and partnerships. 
 
Europe 
 
The European market includes AXA’s operations in eight countries (Switzerland, Germany, Belgium, 
Luxembourg, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Spain and Italy). 
 
Products and services 
 
Except for the United Kingdom & Ireland (where AXA operates only in Property & Casualty and Health), 
AXA offers in Europe a full range of insurance products, including Property & Casualty and Life & Health. 
Its offering covers a broad range of products including Motor, Household, Property and General Liability 
insurance, term life, whole life, universal life, endowment, deferred annuities, immediate annuities, and 
other investment-based products for both Retail/Individual and Commercial/Group customers. 
 
New product initiatives 
 
In Europe, new initiatives are regularly being launched in a consistent aspiration to deliver high 
value-added services and insurance coverage in all lines of business: 
 
▪ 
in Switzerland, AXA continuously aims at developing its product offers to effectively address 
customers’ needs. In Individual Life AXA notably launched “SmartFlex Capital Plan”, a new 
Unit-Linked single premium product; 
 
▪ 
in Germany, AXA launched new Unit-Linked offers: a single premium product “InvestNow” based 
on a building block approach offering customizable solution along with a regular premium offer 
“JustInvest” with access to more than 100 funds including exchange traded funds and sustainable 
funds selection in the product line “JustGreenInvest”; 
 
▪ 
in Belgium, AXA re-entered the Individual savings market with a new flexible and hybrid product 
allowing both accumulation and decumulation. In Health, AXA launched “Ambu CareFlex” 
consisting in a product for outpatient care offering extra-legal customizable benefits through a 
flexible plan of an employer; 
 
▪ 
in Italy, AXA launched “Progetto Rendimento”, a single premium General Account saving product 
offering capital safety and regular growth over time as well as “Più Autonomia”, an affordable 
Long-term care solution for 50-70-year-old persons, with fixed duration until 85 and low entry level. 
In Property & Casualty, Quixa launched “Van & Job” the first insurance product dedicated to 
micro-businesses in Italy offering both Motor and business activity insurance coverage into one 
single contract. 
 
Distribution channels 
 
In Europe, AXA distributes its insurance products through exclusive and non-exclusive channels that vary 
from country to country, including exclusive agents (exclusive or non-exclusive), salaried sales forces, 
direct sales, banks and other partnerships (e.g., car dealers), brokers, independent financial advisors and 
aligned or wholesale distributors.

--- Page 139 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
139 
AXA XL 
 
Products and services 
 
AXA XL, through its operating subsidiaries, is a leading provider of Property & Casualty insurance and 
reinsurance coverages to industrial, commercial and professional firms, insurance companies and other 
enterprises on a worldwide basis. Through its main operations, AXA XL provides: 
 
▪ 
insurance, with a broad range of coverages, including property, primary and excess casualty, 
excess and surplus lines, environmental liability, professional liability, construction, marine, energy, 
aviation & satellite, fine art & specie, livestock & aquaculture, accident & health and crisis 
management, among other risks; 
 
▪ 
reinsurance, with casualty, property risk, property catastrophe, specialty, and other reinsurance 
lines on a global basis with business being written on both a proportional and non-proportional 
treaty basis, as well as a facultative basis; 
 
▪ 
risk consulting, as clients receive customized Risk Management solutions and consulting services 
to understand and quantify the risks companies face or may face in the future. The objective is to 
help them avoid preventable losses and mitigate the impact of losses that do occur. 
 
New product initiatives 
 
AXA XL continues to bring innovative solutions to the market by: 
 
▪ 
working with clients to address their Generative Artificial Intelligence (Gen AI) needs, AXA XL 
introduced a new endorsement to its Cyber insurance coverage that specifically addresses risks 
associated with developing Gen AI models, including data poisoning, usage rights infringement, 
and regulatory violations, enabling businesses to leverage Gen AI while mitigating potential 
liabilities; 
 
▪ 
supporting clients on their energy transition journeys, AXA XL launched its global Energy Transition 
offering, drawing on the capabilities of AXA Group, and its in-house underwriting and risk consulting 
expertise to provide innovative insurance products and solutions; 
 
▪ 
enabling conservation projects via debt conversion, AXA XL's Political Risk, Credit & Bond team 
provided credit insurance protection to the Government of The Bahamas, allowing the country to 
expand its commitments to safeguard vital habitats within the largest Marine Protected Areas in 
the Caribbean region.  
 
Distributions channels 
 
The majority of AXA XL business originates via a large number of international, national and regional 
brokers. This channel is supported by client and country management teams, which include sales and 
distribution representatives in key markets throughout the world.  
 
Underwriting authority may also be contractually delegated to selected third parties which are subject to a 
financial and operational due diligence review prior to any such delegation of authority, as well as ongoing 
reviews and audits as deemed necessary with the goal of assuring the continuing integrity of underwriting 
and related business operations. 
 
Asia, Africa & EME-LATAM 
 
The Asia, Africa & EME-LATAM market includes AXA’s operations in more than 15 countries, notably in 
Japan, Hong Kong, China, Thailand, Indonesia, Mexico, Türkiye, Morocco, and Colombia. 
 
Asia includes (i) the subsidiaries in Japan, Hong Kong, China (AXA Tianping), and South Korea which are 
fully consolidated, (ii) the Property & Casualty entity in Thailand, and the non-bancassurance Life & Health

--- Page 140 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
140 
entity in Indonesia, as well as (iii) the joint ventures in China (Life & Health), Philippines (Property & 
Casualty and Life & Health), Thailand (Life & Health), and Indonesia (Life & Health) which are consolidated 
under the equity method and do not contribute to Gross Written Premiums and Other Revenues.  
 
Africa & EME-LATAM includes (i) Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Türkiye, Morocco, Egypt and Nigeria which 
are fully consolidated, combined with (ii) Russia (Reso) that is consolidated under the equity method and 
does not contribute to Gross Written Premiums and Other Revenues.  
 
Further details on the scope of market activities are defined in the Glossary set forth in Appendix IV of the 
2024 Universal Registration Document. 
 
Products and services 
 
In Asia, Africa & EME-LATAM, AXA offers insurance products, including Property & Casualty and Life & 
Health products. Types and specificities of the products offered by AXA vary depending on geographies 
and cover a broad range of products including Motor, Household, Property and General Liability insurance, 
Health, term life, whole life, universal life, endowment, and other investment-based products for both 
Retail/Individual and Commercial/Group customers. 
 
In addition to its product propositions, in Africa & EME-LATAM, an integrated ecosystem between medical 
assets and the insurance offer is provided to customers, through onsite services in clinics in Colombia, 
Nigeria, Egypt and Mexico as well as through remote teleconsultation and digital services or through home 
services in most markets. AXA also offers other services, for example Emma, the digital assistant that, in 
addition to making servicing requests simpler and more efficient, provides access to a comprehensive 
range of related services including wellness advice and support. Emma is available in Japan, Hong Kong, 
China, Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines. 
 
New product initiatives 
 
AXA continues to strengthen its position in those geographies, while improving its customer propositions 
with new initiatives. 
 
In Hong Kong, AXA has launched new critical illness products as well as enhancing Savings products 
offering flexibility to modify policy terms based upon changing customer needs. In Japan the launch of a 
“Unit-Linked Annuity” product empowering policyholders to plan for a comfortable retirement while insuring 
for death and major illnesses. In Asia emerging markets, AXA launched endowment products in Thailand, 
Indonesia and the Philippines to cater to customer needs and offered the first multiple critical illness 
product in the Philippines. In South Korea, AXA introduced “AXA MS-Cancer”, an enhanced insurance 
product specifically designed for seniors. 
In 
China, 
AXA 
continues 
developing 
solutions  
specifically oriented to electric vehicles in line with market development while diversifying its portfolio by 
transforming the product offering in Non-Motor. 
 
In Africa & EME-LATAM, in Commercial lines, AXA launched Environmental Liability products in Colombia 
and Mexico in collaboration with AXA XL. In Türkiye a “Fast Claim Assessment” system was implemented, 
leveraging technology to digitize and streamline the claim process to enhance customer experience. In 
Brazil, a customer-centric approach to claims management was adopted to strengthen broker relationships 
resulting in an increase of claims closing ratio. 
 
Distributions channels 
 
In Asia, Africa & EME-LATAM, AXA distributes its insurance products through exclusive and non-exclusive 
channels that vary from country to country, including exclusive and non-exclusive agents (notably in Japan, 
Hong Kong), salaried sales forces, direct sales (notably Property & Casualty in Japan and South Korea), 
bancassurance with leading domestic banks (China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, and 
Egypt) and other partnerships (e.g., car dealers), as well as brokers, independent financial advisors, 
aligned distributors or wholesale distributors.

--- Page 141 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
141 
In Asia, the “AXA Prime” network operated across Southeast Asia to help build a strong knowledgeable 
salesforce improving customer services resulting in higher customer retention and satisfaction. 
 
In Africa & EME-LATAM, AXA continues its strong traction on digitization with a focus on customer 
experience and digital assets for agents and brokers. For example, in Egypt, AXA and Post for Investment 
(“PFI”), the investment arm of Egypt Post, have decided to establish the first micro-insurance company in 
Egypt with an ambitious goal to reach 12 million customers within the first decade of operation. 
 
AXA Investment Managers 
 
AXA Investment Managers (“AXA IM”) is a leading global asset management firm offering a 
comprehensive range of investment opportunities across alternative and traditional asset classes, as well 
as multi-manager solutions. 
 
AXA IM is committed to delivering strong investment performance and sustainable growth by expanding 
product and solution offerings, broadening its client base, and enhancing its global reach. Key business 
developments in 2024 included: 
 
▪ 
AXA IM Alts advanced in the private equity sector and expanded its global debt platform into 
mid-market direct lending with the full acquisition of the European firm CAPZA and successfully 
raised over €2.3 billion for its Significant Risk Transfer (SRT) strategy; 
 
▪ 
AXA IM Prime strengthened its global capital solutions leadership with the acquisition of W Capital 
Partners, a US-based private equity firm specializing in General Partner (GP)-led and direct 
secondary investments; 
 
▪ 
AXA IM Core continued to grow its ETF (Exchange Traded Funds) platform, now managing $3 
billion in assets. 
 
As a responsible asset manager, AXA IM remains dedicated to achieving net-zero emissions as both a 
business and investor by 2050. The 2024 index AXA IM for Progress Monitor demonstrated measurable 
reductions in the carbon intensity of the corporate portfolio and continued progress in real estate 
decarbonization efforts. AXA IM actively directs investments towards natural capital solutions while 
engaging with companies on environmental issues, making steady progress toward interim climate goals. 
 
AXA IM continued to focus on enhancing operational efficiency and delivering exceptional client service 
by adopting innovative technologies notably blockchain-based market initiatives using the Banque de 
France’s tokenized cash infrastructure and optimizing internal processes leveraging on AI tools Integration. 
 
Transversal & Central Holdings 
 
This segment includes operations from transversal entities (AXA Assistance, AXA Liabilities Managers 
and AXA SA Re) and non-operating activities conducted by the central holding companies within the 
Group. 
 
AXA Assistance, provides customer-focused services in four business lines: vehicle, travel, health, and 
home. Through its operating subsidiaries, it offers Travel insurance and Assistance services across the 
world, helping customers in emergencies and daily situations. In 2024, AXA Assistance continued its 
transformation by enhancing its distribution capabilities and introducing innovative products: 
 
▪ 
AXA Multilink Platform: a new B2B2C orchestration platform enabling multi-product, multi-country, 
and multi-carrier solutions for large corporates via a single API (Application Programming Interface) 
integration; 
 
▪ 
Mobility Virtual Payment Card: a digital payment card for seamless mobility, enabling instant 
payments for public transport, taxis, trains, or rental cars in the Motor business line;

--- Page 142 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
142 
▪ 
Parametric Insurance: a product enabling yield guarantees for Home insurance customers 
investing in solar panels; 
 
▪ 
New offers in Travel: a Parametric flight delay product and an eSim card for enhanced travel 
experiences. 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
See 2024 Universal Registration Document, pages 339 to 499, for the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 (including consolidated statement of financial position, 
consolidated statement of income, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated 
statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows and notes) and the auditors' audit 
report thereon. 
 
See 2023 Universal Registration Document, pages 291 to 477, for the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 (including consolidated statement of financial position, 
consolidated statement of income, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated 
statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows and notes) and the auditors' audit 
report thereon. 
 
Principal Ratings of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
The Group is rated by recognized rating agencies which assess the financial strength and the 
creditworthiness of the Company and certain of its insurance subsidiaries. The ratings set forth below are 
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency in its sole discretion. Credit 
ratings are intended to reflect the ability of AXA to meet its payment obligations and may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks on the value of AXA’s securities. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities. None of these ratings should be construed as an indication or forecast of the historical 
or potential performance of AXA’s securities nor should any such rating be relied upon for the purpose of 
making an investment decision with respect to any of the Company’s securities. The Company does not 
undertake to maintain its ratings, nor in any event shall the Company be responsible for the accuracy or 
reliability of any of the ratings set forth below. The significance and the meaning of individual ratings vary 
from agency to agency.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant ratings for the Issuer and its principal insurance 
subsidiaries were as follows: 
 
 
 
Insurer financial strength ratings 
Counterparty credit ratings 
Agency 
Date of 
last 
review 
AXA SA 
AXA's 
principal 
insurance 
subsidiaries 
Outlook 
AXA SA's 
senior debt 
Outlook 
Short term 
debt of the 
Company 
S&P Global Ratings 
February 
25, 2025 
A+ 
AA- 
Positive 
A+ 
Positive 
A-1+ 
Moody’s 
Investor 
Service 
October 
18, 2024 
Aa3 
Aa3 
Positive 
A1 
Positive 
P-1 
AM Best 
October 2, 
2024 
A+ 
Superior 
 
Stable 
aa- Superior 
Stable

--- Page 143 ---
Recent Developments 
143 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
AXA published the following press release on February 28, 2025:  
“Paris, February 28, 2025 
Execution of a share repurchase agreement in relation to AXA’s share buy-back program of up to 
Euro 1.2 billion 
AXA has executed today a share repurchase agreement with an investment services provider, whereby 
AXA will buy back its own shares for a maximum amount of Euro 1.2 billion, in line with its capital 
management policy and as announced on February 27, 2025. 
The share repurchase agreement will be executed in accordance with the terms of the applicable 
Shareholders’ Meeting authorization1. 
Under the share repurchase agreement2, shares will be bought back commencing on March 3, 2025, and 
ending at the latest on June 30, 2025. On each day during the purchase period, the price per share to be 
paid by AXA3 will be determined on the basis of the volume-weighted average share price. 
AXA intends to cancel all shares repurchased pursuant to this share buy-back program.” 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
On February 28, 2025, the AXA share capital amounts to €5,072,093,487.94 and the total number of AXA 
shares amounts to 2,214,887,986 fully paid up shares.  
 
 
 
 
1  
The Shareholders’ Meeting authorization granted on April 23, 2024 and, as applicable, the authorization which will be proposed at the 
Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on April 24, 2025 
2  
This share buy-back program will be executed in addition to any other share buy-backs launched by AXA consistent with its capital 
management policy, including the share buy-back of Euro 3.8 billion that AXA anticipates launching following the expected closing of 
the sale of AXA Investment Managers to BNP Paribas. 
3  
The purchase price will not exceed the maximum purchase price approved at the applicable Shareholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 144 ---
Taxation 
 
144 
TAXATION  
 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in France, the Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the United States as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes 
in law and/or interpretation thereof (potentially with retroactive effect). The following overview does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision 
to purchase, hold or dispose of the Notes nor does it constitute legal advice. Each prospective holder or 
beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the tax consequences of state, local or foreign 
laws including French, Luxembourg or, as the case may be, the United States of any investment in or 
ownership and disposition of the Notes.  
French Taxation 
The following is an overview of certain withholding tax considerations that may be relevant to Noteholders 
who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Withholding taxes applicable on payments made outside France 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes are not 
subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless 
such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a Non-
Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments 
under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 
2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be 
applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favorable provisions of an applicable double tax 
treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts. The French list of Non-
Cooperative States is, in principle, updated each year. Such list was last updated by a Ministerial Order 
dated February 16, 2024 published on February 17, 2024 (amending ministerial order dated February 12, 
2010)12. It applies to States and jurisdictions added to the list by a ministerial order (arrêté) as from the 
first day of the third month following the publication of such ministerial order (arrêté).  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other 
assimilated revenues on such Notes may not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are 
paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid on an account 
held with a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). 
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be 
recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des 
impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (i) the standard 
corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code général 
des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent.) for payments to beneficial owners who are legal persons who are not French 
tax residents, (ii) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments to beneficial owners who are individuals who are 
not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-
Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double 
tax treaty).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax provided under Article 125 A III of 
the French Code général des impôts nor the Deductibility Exclusion nor the withholding tax set out under 
 
12 The list of Non-Cooperative States currently consists of Anguilla, Seychelles, Bahamas, Turks and Caicos Islands, Vanuatu, Antigua-and-
Barbuda, Belize, Fiji, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, Palau, Panama, Russia, Samoa, the American Samoa and Trinidad and Tobago. 
Given that Antigua-and-Barbuda, Belize and Russia were added to the list of Non-Cooperative States by a ministerial order published on 17 
February 2024, the corresponding restrictions set out in the French Code général des impôts will apply to such jurisdictions as from 1st May 2024. 
States outside of the scope of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts currently are Antigua-and-Barbuda, Belize, Fiji, Guam, the 
United States Virgin Islands, Palau, Panama, Russia, Samoa, the American Samoa and Trinidad and Tobago.

--- Page 145 ---
Taxation 
 
145 
Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts that may be levied as a result of such Deductibility 
Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect 
of such issue of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest and other assimilated revenues 
to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the French tax administrative 
guidelines (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no. 150 dated June 14, 2022 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 no. 290 dated 
June 6, 2023), an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any 
proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an 
equivalent offer in a State which is not a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent 
offer” means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a 
foreign securities market authority; and/or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation 
of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or any other 
similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or 
entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or  
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
delivery and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L. 561-2 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that 
such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes applicable on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar 
revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject 
to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of 
the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are 
also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and similar 
revenues paid to individuals fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain 
exceptions. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following discussion contains a description of certain material Luxembourg income tax considerations 
that may be relevant to the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes by a holder. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Luxembourg or 
elsewhere. Prospective investors of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This summary is based upon tax laws of Luxembourg as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, 
and to differing interpretations. The information contained within this section is limited to taxation issues, 
and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not 
limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used in the headings below applies for Luxembourg income 
tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers only to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts. Also, please 
note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax generally encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l’emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu). Investors may 
further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate 
taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal

--- Page 146 ---
Taxation 
 
146 
income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts 
in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may 
also apply. 
Withholding Tax in Luxembourg  
(iii) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, all payments of principal, premium or interest made 
to non-resident holders of Notes, (included accrued but unpaid interest) in respect of the Notes in the 
context of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit sharing, can 
be free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law. 
(iv) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of December 23, 2005 (the 
Relibi Law) as amended, all payments of principal, premium or interest made to resident holders of Notes, 
(included accrued but unpaid interest) in respect of the Notes in the context of the holding, disposal, 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit sharing, can be free and clear of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or 
assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance 
with the applicable Luxembourg law.  
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg 
to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  
Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in 
the course of the management of his/her private wealth.  
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly 
payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period

--- Page 147 ---
Taxation 
 
147 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 148 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
148 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme Agreement) 
dated March 28, 2025 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to 
time agree to purchase Notes. The Issuer may also agree directly with any third party Purchaser (other 
than a Dealer) to issue to such Purchaser under the Programme. Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes or person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global 
Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be deemed or required, as the case may 
be, to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 
144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
1. 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or 
(b) it is located outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
2. 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except as set forth below; 
3. 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, if in the future it decides to resell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to 
the date which is one year after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on 
which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes only (a) to the Issuer or 
any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes 
is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 
under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 (if 
available) or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each 
case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
4. 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (3) above, if then applicable; 
5. 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 
144A Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S 
will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
6. 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT 
AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE

--- Page 149 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
149 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED 
IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS 
OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO 
THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE 
SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER 
WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY 
AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM 
THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON).”; 
7. 
if it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes), it will do so only (a)(i) outside the United States in 
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 
144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that 
the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to 
by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED 
OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT TO A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A OR PURSUANT TO 
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. BENEFICIAL 
INTERESTS IN THE SECURITY MAY NOT BE HELD OTHERWISE THAN THROUGH 
EUROCLEAR OR CLEARSTREAM. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE 
EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF 
ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and

--- Page 150 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
150 
8. 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; 
and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it 
has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such 
account. 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection 
with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of 
others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) of Registered Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions exempt, or not subject to, from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
(Regulation S Notes), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation 
S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of 
Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency). To the extent that the Issuer is neither subject to the reporting requirements of Section 
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the 
Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, 
upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4).

--- Page 151 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
151 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is 
one (or both) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); 
or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
UK MiFIR.

--- Page 152 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
152 
Luxembourg 
This Base Prospectus and any material in connection therewith may only be distributed to qualified 
investors as defined in and in accordance with Article 2 point (e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or the applicable Final 
Terms or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any application of a provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
February 24, 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or the applicable 
Final Terms or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of February 15, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
September 1, 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). Accordingly, 
each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 
of 1949, as amended)) or to or for the benefit of others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act and any other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 153 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
153 
Hong Kong 
 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by or registered with the Securities and Futures Commission 
of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be disposed 
of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or 
cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or 
cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 154 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
154 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the 
Notes are ”prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and ”Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes 
a Prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Notes 
in Canada other than to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers 
are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with an offering of Registered Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus or any other offering material and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefore. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 155 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
155 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 156 ---
General Information 
 
156 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
No authorisation procedures are required of the Issuer under French law for the establishment and/or 
update of the Programme. However, to the extent that Notes issued under the Programme may constitute 
obligations under French law, issues of such Notes have been authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer dated February 26, 2025.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
This Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the Notes has not been submitted to the clearance 
procedures of the AMF. 
Documents available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer's statuts (bylaws) (with an English translation thereof); 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s 2024 and 2023 Universal Registration Documents filed with the AMF respectively on 
March 18, 2025 and March 18, 2024; 
(iii) 
the Issuer's 2024 and 2023 French Universal Registration Documents filed with the AMF 
respectively on March 18, 2025 and March 18, 2024;  
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll and the forms of the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to this 
Base Prospectus as well as Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Notes which are not 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any other documents 
incorporated by reference herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, the following document are available on the website of the Issuer:  
(i) 
the Issuer's statuts (bylaws) (with an English translation thereof):  
a.  https://www-axa-com.cdn.axa-contento-118412.eu/www-axa-com/2af4695d-002e-4692-
940e-60915d1fe679_axa_statuts_20250226.pdf  
b. https://www-axa-com.cdn.axa-contento-118412.eu/www-axa-com/1f4958d4-83bc-47d5-
bd28-7270c5040575_axa_bylaws-20250226+.pdf

--- Page 157 ---
General Information 
 
157 
(ii) 
copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, Final Terms relating to 
Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
(https://www.axa.com/en/investor/emtn-program); and 
(iii) 
each document incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, Final Terms relating to Notes 
which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document 
incorporated by reference are also available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com).  
Clearing systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, 
the Issuer may make an application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form 
by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the 
relevant ISIN and Common Code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system (including Euroclear France) the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, the 
address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and 
the address of DTC is 55 Water Street New York, NY, 10041-0099 United States. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Purchaser(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis 
of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or material adverse change 
Except as disclosed in the section of the 2024 Universal Registration Document referred to at item A.7.7.1 
“Trend information” of the cross-reference list in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on 
page 42 of this Base Prospectus there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
and no significant change in the financial performance of the AXA Group since December 31, 2024.  
Except as disclosed in item A.7.11.4 “Significant change in the issuer’s financial position” of the cross-
reference list in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on page 47 of this Base Prospectus 
there has been no significant change in the financial position of the AXA Group since December 31, 2024. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in item A.7.11.3 “Legal and arbitration proceedings” of the cross-reference list in the 
section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on page 47 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer 
nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries, is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or in such period 
have had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the AXA Group.

--- Page 158 ---
General Information 
 
158 
Information sourced from third parties 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Statutory Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France) and Ernst & 
Young Audit (Tour First, TSA 14444, 92037 Paris – La Défense Cedex, France - member of the 
Compagnie régionale des commissaires aux comptes de Versailles and under the authority of the Haut 
conseil du commissariat aux comptes) have performed an audit on the Issuer’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements, for the period ended on December 31, 2023, in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in France and rendered audit report with unqualified opinions thereon. 
KPMG S.A. was appointed as statutory auditor of the Issuer by the shareholders’ meeting held on April 
23, 2024 to replace PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit. KPMG S.A. (Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, CS 
60055, 92066 Paris La Défense, France) is a member of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires 
aux Comptes de Versailles and under the authority of the Haut conseil du commissariat aux comptes. 
Ernst & Young Audit and KPMG S.A. have performed an audit on the Issuer’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements, for the period ended December 31, 2024, in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in France and rendered audit report with unqualified opinions thereon. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ernst & Young Audit and KPMG S.A. are independent statutory 
auditors of the Issuer. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer do not currently carry out any 
professional activity or hold any directorship outside the AXA Group that the Board believes substantially 
interfere with or impede in any material way their availability to focus on the AXA Group and its business. 
Certain members of the Board of Directors, however, are corporate officers and/or executives of 
companies that may have agreements or enter into transactions from time to time with the AXA Group 
including furnishing services or goods, providing credit facilities, purchases of securities (for their own 
account or for third parties), and/or underwriting of securities, and/or product and service providing. These 
agreements or deals are systematically negotiated and performed at arm’s length terms and conditions. 
Consequently, AXA does not believe that any of these agreements or transactions give rise to any conflicts 
of interests between (i) the directors’ duties towards AXA and (ii) their private interests and/other duties. 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, there are no agreements or arrangements that have been entered 
into with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others pursuant to which a member of the Board of 
Directors was selected. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities,

--- Page 159 ---
General Information 
 
159 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Where a Dealer acts as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme, it may 
make certain discretionary determinations and judgments pursuant to the Conditions that may influence 
the amounts to be paid in respect of such Notes. 
2006 ISDA Definitions and 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions and/or 2021 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
THE ISSUER 
AXA  
Legal entity identifier: F5WCUMTUM4RKZ1MAIE39 
(Head Office and Registered Office) 
25, avenue Matignon 
75008 Paris 
France 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS  
Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
(Postal address: L-2085) 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENTS 
BNP PARIBAS 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevards des Italiens 
Luxembourg Branch 
75009 Paris 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
France 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
(Postal address: L-2085) 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English, French and United 
States law 
To the Issuer as to English, French and United 
States law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
White & Case LLP 
32 rue François 1er 
19, place Vendôme 
75008 Paris 
France 
75001 Paris 
France 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young Audit 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris – La Défense Cedex 
France 
(until the 2023 financial year) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
(as from the 2024 financial year) 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta, CS 60055 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France  
ARRANGER 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
DEALERS  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
One Molesworth Street 
51 rue La Boétie 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Ireland 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
 Börsenplatz 9 
75009 Paris 
France 
60313 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank  
12, Place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7  
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Natixis  
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
75013 Paris 
Federal Republic of Germany 
France 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94  
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate  
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastr. 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS  
Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
(Postal address: L-2085) 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg