--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 5 May 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
AXA HOME LOAN SFH 
(duly licensed French specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé)) 
€10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issuance of 
Obligations de financement de l’habitat 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"), AXA Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue obligations de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of article L. 513-30-I of the French Code 
monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and Financial Code"), benefiting from the statutory privilège (priority right of 
payment) created by article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Privilège"), as more fully described 
herein (the "Notes"). No credit linked Notes will be issued under the Programme. 
The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed €10,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes). 
The Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2020 as supplemented and shall be in 
force for a period of one year as of 5 May 2021. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France as competent authority 
in France under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris within a period of twelve (12) months after the date of this Base Prospectus for the 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. Euronext 
Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended from time to time (“MIFID II”), within the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each, a 
"Regulated Market"). Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and/or admitted to trading on a stock 
exchange, including any Regulated Market in any member state of the EEA (a “Member State”) provided the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements have been passported to the jurisdiction of that Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (a form of 
which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not an application 
will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock 
exchange(s) where the Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") 
as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with articles L. 211-
3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as the central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined 
in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be either 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, 
or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account 
Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate 
in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to the 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, 
where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the “Definitive Materialised Notes”, on or after a date expected to 
be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
section entitled "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as more fully 
described herein) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system 
other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
"Securities Act") or any state securities laws, and are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
The Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a “Series” having one or more issue dates and (except in respect 
of the first payment of interest) on terms otherwise identical, the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Series will be set forth in the Final Terms. 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated at issuance AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
and AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") (S&P and Fitch together, the "Rating Agencies"). The rating of the Notes will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency without notice. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Rating Agencies are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any), the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented) and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered on a non-exempt basis 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be published on the website of the 
Issuer www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and filed with the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
See the section entitled "Risk Factors" for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
 
 
ARRANGER 
NATIXIS 
 
PERMANENT DEALER 
NATIXIS

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
PREAMBLE 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), which 
contains all relevant information required, inter alias, pursuant to Annexes VI, VII, XIV, 
XV, XXII and XXVIII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 dated 14 March 
2019,  concerning the Issuer as well as the base terms and conditions of the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains all relevant information concerning the 
Issuer which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, profit and losses financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, as 
well as the rights attaching to the Notes to be issued under the Programme. The terms 
and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in the section entitled "Summary 
of the Programme") not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate 
nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable 
thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the 
issue on the basis of the prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. References to "Dealers" are to the Permanent Dealer and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or more Tranches of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement 
and all documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by reference” 
below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed in 
conjunction with the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only 
be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is, or has been, authorised to give any information or to make any 
representation, other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in the section entitled "General 
Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such a distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold,

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves of, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and on the offering and 
sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and on the offer or sale of the Notes in the European Economic Area, the 
United States of America, the United Kingdom, Hong-Kong, Singapore, Norway, Japan, 
People’s Republic of China, Switzerland, Malaysia and Korea. (see section “Subscription 
and Sale”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States of America. The Notes may include 
Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Materialised Notes), 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States 
persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Notes are 
being offered and sold outside the United States of America to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to 
pay taxes or other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the 
country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s 
jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the 
Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions 
may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are 
advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in the section “Taxation” of this Base 
Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors 
are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a 
financial transactions tax ("FTT") in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. 
If the proposed directive is adopted and implemented in local legislation, Noteholders may 
be exposed to increased transaction costs with respect to financial transactions carried out 
with respect to the Notes and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the consequences of the FTT associated with subscribing, purchasing, holding 
and disposing of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any other party to any 
Programme Document has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other 
due diligence regarding the home loans receivables, the related securities or guarantees, or as 
to the status and/or the creditworthiness of the debtors under the home loans receivables. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, 
or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
incorporated by reference herein) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase the Notes. Each prospective 
investor in the Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of the Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of 
the Dealers undertakes to review the financial or general condition of the Issuer during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus, nor to advise any investor 
or potential investor in the Notes of any information that may come to the attention of any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger. Any websites referred to in the Base Prospectus are for 
information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any 
prospective investor in the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any 
applicable laws. Any prospective investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. Each prospective investor 
in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is 
fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a 
fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. A prospective investor may not rely on the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection with 
its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and 
the impact the relevant Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or 
more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
consult its own advisers as to legal, regulatory, tax and financial related aspects of 
an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. Some Notes which are complex financial instruments may be 
redeemable at an amount below par in which case investors may lose the value of part or 
their entire investment. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
(5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II")) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in 
MIFID II in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, as amended, (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
For a description of these and certain other restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the 
Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale". 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to "€", "Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states 
of the European Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time, references to "£", 
"pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the UK, references to "$", 
"USD" and "US Dollar" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references 
to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "CHF" and "Swiss 
Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to “A$”, “AUD” and 
“Australian Dollar” are to the lawful currency of Australia.  
The information on any website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus, cross-references to the definition of capitalised 
terms used in this Base Prospectus are set out in the section entitled "Index of defined 
terms".

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................... 22 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................... 44 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................... 45 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE 
PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................... 48 
OVERVIEW OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND OTHER LEGAL ASPECTS ... 50 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................. 61 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................... 69 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ............................................................................................. 70 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN AXA HOME LOAN SFH AND AXA BANQUE ................. 71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................. 77 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF  MATERIALISED 
NOTES ................................................................................................................ 125 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ........................................................................................ 127 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 ........................................................................................ 149 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................. 168 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................... 170 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................... 180 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................... 184

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
I. 
THE PARTIES UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer and Lender 
under 
the 
Facility 
Agreement and the 
Collateral 
Security 
Agreement: 
AXA Home Loan SFH, a limited liability company (société anonyme) 
incorporated under French law and duly licensed by the European 
Central Bank on the proposal of the French banking authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) as a specialized 
credit institution (établissement de credit spécialisé) with the status 
of société de financement de l'habitat delivered on 26 April 2019. 
The Issuer's assets are exclusively composed of home loans, 
securities and assets that are eligible to société de financement de 
l’habitat pursuant to the French legal framework applicable to 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat (the “SFH Legal Framework”). 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
Arranger: 
Natixis. 
Dealers: 
Natixis has been appointed by the Issuer as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (as defined below). 
The Issuer may from time to time appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one (1) or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealer" are to 
Natixis and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers 
in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to "Dealer(s)" are to the Permanent 
Dealer and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or 
more Tranches. 
The Issuer may also from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer. 
Fiscal 
Agent 
and 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services. 
Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Notes: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, unless the Final Terms provide 
otherwise (if any). 
Services 
Provider 
under 
the 
outsourcing 
and 
AXA Banque S.A.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
assistance 
agreement 
(convention 
d’externalisation 
et 
de 
fourniture 
de 
services): 
Management 
and 
Recovery 
Agent 
under 
the 
management 
and 
servicing agreement 
(convention 
de 
gestion 
et 
de 
recouvrement): 
AXA Banque S.A. 
Borrower 
and 
Calculation 
Agent 
under 
the 
Facility 
Agreement and the 
Collateral 
Security 
Agreement: 
AXA Banque S.A. 
Issuer 
Cash 
Accounts Bank: 
AXA Banque S.A. 
Issuer 
Securities 
Accounts Bank: 
AXA Banque S.A. 
Statutory Auditors: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers France and Mazars. 
Specific Controller: 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés. 
Substitute 
Specific 
Controller: 
Mr. Rémi Savournin. 
Rating Agencies: 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"), both being established in the European 
Union, registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and the Council dated 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and 
included in the list published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority's website (www.esma.europa.eu) (the “Rating Agencies”). 
 
 
II. 
PROGRAMME AND THE NOTES 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat (the "Notes") within the 
meaning of article L. 513-30-I of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), the principal and interest of which 
benefit from the statutory privilège (priority right of payment) created by 
article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (the "Privilège") (for further description see 
section "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés 
de financement de l’habitat").

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. 
Programme 
Documents: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
the Dealer Agreement (see “Subscription and Sale” (and any 
related subscription agreement); 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement; 
(f) 
the Management and Servicing Agreement; 
(g) 
the Master Definitions and Framework Agreement; 
(h) 
the Uncommitted Facility Agreement; 
(i) 
the Collateral Security Agreement; 
(j) 
the Issuer Cash Accounts Agreement; 
(k) 
the Issuer Securities Accounts Agreement; and 
(l) 
any other document or agreement entered into by the Issuer (in 
any capacity whatsoever) for the purposes of the Programme 
(including, without limitation, any hedging agreement(s), if any). 
Method of issue: 
The Notes will be issued and may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Series and Tranche: 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one (1) or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save for 
the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same 
or different issue dates. 
 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the 
aggregate nominal amount, issue price or method of determining the 
price and method for its disclosure, redemption price thereof, and 
interest, if any, payable thereunder and completed, where necessary, 
with additional terms and conditions which, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche 
(the "Final Terms"). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
the Notes may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Maturity Date"), subject to such minimum maturity as may be 
required by the applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. 
An extended Maturity Date (the "Extended Maturity Date") may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes in accordance 
with the applicable Conditions, each such Notes being referred to as 
Notes with soft bullet maturity.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to appropriate hedging strategy (if need be) and compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in 
Euro, U.S. Dollars, Australian Dollars, Sterling, Japanese Yen, Swiss 
Francs and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the Final Terms (the "Specified 
Currency"). 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)"), save that the 
minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the amount in such currency 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes of a particular Series shall be issued in one (1) 
denomination only. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes are issued under articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-33 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Noteholders benefit from the Privilège created by article L. 513-11 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
(for further description see section "Overview of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l’habitat"). 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
privileged obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without 
preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other 
present or future notes (including Notes of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège created by 
article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Issuer 
Events 
of 
Default: 
None. 
Redemption Amount: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify the 
redemption amounts payable under such Notes as calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders (either in whole or in part), 
and if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled pursuant to any 
Issuer's option in accordance with the Conditions, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount or, in the case 
of a Note falling within Condition 6(b), its final Instalment Amount). 
Redemption 
by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche that are redeemable 
in two (2) or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the 
amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only 
for illegality as provided in Condition 6(j). 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits 
the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
Notes may bear interest at different Rates of Interest until their Extended 
Maturity Date. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency pursuant to the 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments, as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by 
the Association Française des Banques or the FBF, or 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., or 
(iii) on the basis of a relevant rate appearing on an agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service (including, without limitation, 
EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR or EUR CMS), in each case plus or 
minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and payable as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. 
Unless a higher minimum rate of interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the minimum rate of interest shall be deemed equal to zero (0). 
For the avoidance doubt, minimum rate of interest shall refer to the 
relevant reference rate plus any relevant margin. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes, Floating/Fixed 
Rate 
Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate 
Notes 
and 
Floating/Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes may be converted from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate and Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a 
different Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate, 
all on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms either by election of 
the Issuer or automatically. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.  
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
latter case, at the option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) or administered form (au nominatif administré). 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France. 
Representation of the 
Noteholders: 
Holders of Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
masse (in each case, the "Masse"), which will be governed by the 
provisions of articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) as supplemented by Condition 10. 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders of the same Series (the "Collective 
Decisions”). 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear 
or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
No later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre comptable relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall 
be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
or with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") in France as competent authority in France 
under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme 
for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the 
European Commission (a "Regulated Market"). Notes issued under the 
Programme may also be unlisted or listed and/or admitted to trading on 
any other stock exchange, including any other Regulated Market 
provided the Base Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported to the jurisdiction of that Regulated Market. The relevant 
Final Terms in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether or 
not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the 
relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s)  where the Notes 
will be listed and/or admitted to trading.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Rating: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Notes issued under the 
Programme are expected on issue to be rated AAA by the Rating 
Agencies. 
The rating of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal by the relevant Rating 
Agency at any time without notice. 
There is no assurance that any such rating will continue for any period 
of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or 
withdrawn entirely by the relevant Rating Agency as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the relevant 
Rating Agency, circumstances so warrant. 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
The Notes may be offered on a non-exempt basis in France or in any 
member state ("Member State") of the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA") to which the Autorité des marchés financiers has provided with 
a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus (and, if 
applicable, any supplement related thereto) has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, to the extent that the Final 
Terms provide it and in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution 
of offering material in various jurisdictions (See section "Subscription 
and Sale"). In connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be imposed on the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within 
the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons as defined in Regulation S. The Notes may include 
Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be 
offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, 
delivered within the United States of America or, in the case of certain 
Materialised Notes in bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, 
United States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor regulation issued under the 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 (the "Hire Act") 
(the "TEFRA D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that 
such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any successor regulation issued under the Hire 
Act (the "TEFRA C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration-required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity 
and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Dematerialised Notes which are not in bearer form for U.S. tax 
purposes do not require compliance with the TEFRA rules. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
Withholding taxes – 
No 
gross-up 
obligation: 
If French or foreign law or regulation should require that payments of 
principal or interest in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties 
whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts 
in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
For a description of the tax regime applicable to the Notes, see section 
"Taxation". 
No redemption for 
taxation reasons: 
If French or foreign law or regulation should require that payments of 
principal or interest in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties 
whatsoever, such Notes shall not be redeemed early. 
 
III. 
THE UNCOMMITTED FACILITY AGREEMENT AND THE COLLATERAL SECURITY 
AGREEMENT 
 
The Finance 
Documents: 
The Uncommitted Facility Agreement and the Collateral Security 
Agreement (as those terms are defined below) as well as any other 
document designated as such by the parties to these agreements (the 
“Finance Documents”. 
The Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement: 
The proceeds from the issuance of Notes under the Programme will 
be used by the Issuer, as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") to 
fund advances (each, a "Loan") which shall be made available to AXA 
Banque S.A., as borrower (in such capacity, the "Borrower") under 
an uncommitted multicurrency term facility (the "Uncommitted Credit 
Facility”).  
The Uncommitted Credit Facility shall be made available to the 
Borrower in an aggregate maximum amount equal to the Programme 
Amount. 
The Collateral 
Security Agreement: 
As a condition precedent to the Lender making the Uncommitted 
Credit Facility available to the Borrower, the Borrower shall as 
security to its financial obligations towards the Issuer under the 
Finance Documents (the "Secured Liabilities"): 
 
(i) 
transfer by way of security the full title (remise en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) of home loans receivables 
complying with the provisions of article L. 513-29-II of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and other eligible assets within the meaning of the 
French legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement 
de l’habitat (the "Collateral Security") to the benefit of the 
Issuer pursuant to articles L. 211-36 et seq. of the French

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), for 
an amount which shall comply with the Asset Cover Ratio; and 
(ii) 
if applicable, 
(a) 
transfer pursuant to articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) into the credit of the Collection Loss 
Reserve Account an amount (gage-espèces) equal to 
the applicable Collection Loss Reserve Required 
Amount (the “Collection Loss Reserve”) within: 
(1) 
sixty (60) calendar days from the occurrence of a 
S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event 
only; or 
(2) 
fourteen (14) calendar days from the occurrence 
of (i) a Fitch Collection Loss Rating Downgrade 
Event only or (ii) both a S&P Collection Loss 
Rating Downgrade Event and a Fitch Collection 
Loss Rating Downgrade Event; and 
(b) 
adjust the amount standing to the Collection Loss 
Reserve Account up to the applicable Collection Loss 
Reserve Required Amount within: 
(1) 
thirty (30) calendar days following each Asset 
Cover Test Date for so long as a S&P Collection 
Loss Rating Downgrade Event is continuing 
(provided that no Fitch Collection Loss Rating 
Downgrade Event has occurred); or 
(2) 
fourteen (14) calendar days following each Asset 
Cover Test Date for so long as (i) a Fitch 
Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event only is 
continuing or (ii) both a S&P Collection Loss 
Rating Downgrade Event and a Fitch Collection 
Loss Rating Downgrade Event are continuing. 
Failure by the Borrower to (i) fund the Collection Loss Reserve 
Account up to the applicable Collection Loss Reserve Required 
Amount within the applicable required period following the 
occurrence of a Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event or (ii) 
adjust, as long as a Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event is 
continuing, the amount standing into the credit of the Collection 
Loss Reserve Account up to the applicable Collection Loss 
Reserve Required Amount within the applicable required period 
following each Asset Cover Test Date, shall constitute a 
"Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement" 
and an Event of Default under the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement. 
 
Events of Default: 
Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default of the 
Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement (each an "Event 
of Default"): 
(i) 
the Borrower fails to pay any sum due under the Finance 
Documents when due, in the Currency (as defined therein) and 
in the manner specified therein unless (x) a payment is made 
within three (3) Business Days of its due date or (y), a payment 
is made within five (5) Business Days if its failure to pay is 
caused by (1) an administrative or technical error, (2) a 
Disruption Event, (3) a Market Disruption Event or (4) a

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Reference Index Replacement Event (each such terms as 
defined therein); 
(ii) 
the Borrower fails to comply with any of its material obligations 
under the Finance Documents (other than those referred to in 
paragraphs (i), (v), (vi) and (viii)) and such breach is not 
remedied (if capable of remedy) within thirty (30) Business Days 
after the Lender has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if 
sooner) after the Borrower has knowledge of the same; 
(iii) 
any material representation or warranty made or deemed to be 
made by the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement or in any notice or other document, certificate or 
statement delivered by it under or in connection therewith is or 
proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material 
respect when made or deemed to be made and the same is not 
remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Lender has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if 
sooner) after the Borrower has knowledge of the same; 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Borrower; 
(v) 
the occurrence of a Breach of the Asset Cover Test; 
(vi) 
the occurrence of a Breach of the Collection Loss Reserve 
Funding Requirement; 
(vii) 
the Collateral Security created pursuant to the Collateral 
Security Agreement is not or ceases to be in full force and effect 
for whatever reason; and 
(viii) the Borrower, in its capacity as parent company or manager 
(gestionnaire) of the Lender, fails to assist the Lender in finding 
the means necessary to cure a non-compliance with its liquidity 
coverage obligations pursuant to articles L. 513-8 and R. 513-7 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) within thirty (30) Business Days of such non-
compliance. 
For such purposes "Insolvency Event” means, with respect to 
the Borrower, the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
the Borrower is, or is deemed or declared for the 
purposes of any law to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due or to be insolvent, including without 
limitation, en état de cessation des paiements within 
the meaning of article L. 613-26 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), or admits in writing its inability to pay its 
debts as they fall due; 
(b) 
the Borrower, by reason of financial difficulties, begins 
formal negotiations with one or more of its creditors 
with a view to the general readjustment or 
rescheduling of any of its indebtedness or applies for 
or is subject to an amicable settlement (règlement 
amiable) pursuant to article L. 611-1 et seq. of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (or 
any similar provisions of any law other than French 
law); 
(c) 
a meeting of the shareholders of the Borrower is 
convened for the purpose of considering any

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
resolution for (or to petition for) its winding-up or its 
administration or any such resolution is passed; 
(d) 
any person presents a petition for the winding-up or for 
the administration or for the bankruptcy of the 
Borrower and the petition is not discharged within thirty 
(30) days;  
(e) 
any order for the winding-up or administration of the 
Borrower is issued;  
(f) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation 
("liquidation judiciaire"), the safeguard procedure of 
the 
Borrower 
("procédure 
de 
sauvegarde" 
or 
“procedure de sauvegarde financière accélérée”), the 
rescheduling 
of 
the 
debt 
of 
the 
Borrower 
("redressement judiciaire") or the transfer of the whole 
or part of the business of the Borrower ("cession totale 
ou partielle de l'entreprise") pursuant to articles L. 620-
1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce); or  
(g) 
any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, 
administrative receiver, administrator or the like 
(including, without limitation, any "mandataire ad hoc", 
"administrateur judiciaire", "administrateur provisoire", 
"conciliateur" or "mandataire liquidateur") is appointed 
in respect of the Borrower or the directors of the 
Borrower request such appointment. 
On and at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, the 
Lender will be entitled, without any mise en demeure or any other 
judicial or extra judicial step, by written notice to the Borrower (with a 
copy to the Rating Agencies and the Calculation Agent) to declare that: 
(i) 
no more Loans shall be made available under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement and the available amount under the 
Uncommitted Credit Facility shall be immediately reduced to 
zero (0); 
(ii) 
no drawdown request may be issued by the Borrower; 
(iii) 
all or part of the Loans, together with accrued interest, and all 
other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance 
Documents (including, without limiting the foregoing, any Break 
Costs, Early Prepayment Indemnity or other indemnities (each 
term as defined therein)) shall become immediately due and 
payable. 
The Lender (or any agent of the Lender) shall also be entitled to 
enforce its rights under the Collateral Security Agreement. 
Asset Cover Test: 
In addition to the statutory cover ratio which the Issuer is required 
to comply with as a société de financement de l'habitat (see the 
section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating 
to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"), under the Collateral 
Security Agreement, and for so long as no Event of Default under 
the Uncommitted Facility Agreement has occurred and the 
Collateral Security has not been enforced, the Borrower as 
calculation agent (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent") shall 
be required to perform on each Asset Cover Test Date an asset 
cover test (the "Asset Cover Test") in order to verify that the value

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
of the eligible assets granted as Collateral Security is at least equal 
to the minimum legal percentage set out in article R. 513-8 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (i.e. 105%) plus a contractual buffer percentage of the 
aggregate outstanding amount of the Loans made available under 
the Uncommitted Facility Agreement (the "Asset Cover Ratio"). 
For such purposes: 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means until (but excluding) the date of 
the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement: 
(a) 
each day falling two (2) Business Days prior to each 
Drawdown Date (including the Commencement Date);  
(b) 
the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of each calendar month which 
occurs after the Commencement Date (the “Monthly Asset 
Cover Test Date”); and 
(c) 
any other date agreed from time to time between the Borrower, 
the Lender and the Calculation Agent (the “Specific Asset 
Cover Test Date”) 
"Commencement Date" means the date upon which the first Loan 
shall have been made available by the Lender to the Borrower 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Facility 
Agreement. The Commencement Date shall be the first Drawdown 
Date. 
"Drawdown Date" means, in respect of a Loan, the date on which 
that Loan is made available by the Lender to the Borrower in 
accordance with the provisions of the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement. The first Drawdown Date shall be the Commencement 
Date. 
It being specified that where an action is expressed to be performed 
in the Uncommitted Facility Agreement or the Collateral Security 
Agreement on a date which is not a Business Day, such date shall 
be postponed to the next following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day. 
If on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Test is not 
complied with, this event shall constitute a "Non-Compliance with 
the Asset Cover Test”. A Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover 
Test will not constitute an Event of Default under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement. However, pursuant to the Facility Agreement 
for so long as the Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test 
persists, the Lender is not entitled to make available any Loan to 
the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement. 
If the Borrower has not cured the Non-Compliance with the Asset 
Cover Test prior to the next following Monthly Asset Cover Test 
Date, such failure shall constitute a "Breach of the Asset Cover 
Test” and an Event of Default under the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
V. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Method of publication 
of 
the 
Base 
Prospectus, 
any 
Supplement and Final 
Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and, so long as 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or 
offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be 
published on the website www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, 
copies of this Base Prospectus and various other documents are available 
free of charge during usual business hours from the registered office of the 
Issuer. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Competent 
jurisdiction: 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons, 
Receipts or Talons may be brought before any competent court within the 
jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. Factors which are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes issued under the Programme and 
material for an informed decision with respect to investing in the Notes are described below. 
In each category below the Issuer sets out the material risks, in its assessment, taking into account 
the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality of the risks 
has been assessed based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact on the Issuer. They are classified by importance (decreasing in magnitude). Investors 
must be aware that the list of factors set out below is not intended to be exhaustive and that other 
risks and uncertainties which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are not known of by the Issuer, 
or are considered not to be relevant, may have a significant impact on the Issuer, its activities, its 
financial condition and the Notes. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set 
out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and form their own opinion about risk factors prior to making 
any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of 
the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings 
when used below. 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER 
1.1 
The Issuer is exposed to credit and structural risks 
1.1.1 The Issuer is sole liable and has limited assets 
The Issuer is the only entity which has obligations to pay principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
and it has limited assets. The Notes will not be obligations or responsibilities of any other entity, 
including (but not limited to) AXA Banque (in any capacity but in particular in its capacity as Borrower, 
Services Provider and Management and Recovery Agent), the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Representative, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent or any company in the same group of companies 
as any of them, or the shareholders or directors or agents of any company in the same group of 
companies as any of them.  
In addition, the Issuer has been incorporated recently on 14 March 2019. The incorporation of the 
Issuer is directly linked to the setting up of the Programme and the development of its activity will 
depend on the issuances of Notes that will be made under the Programme. 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes primarily depends on the amount of 
scheduled principal and interest paid by AXA Banque under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement and, 
as the case may be, the amounts received under any hedging agreement concluded in accordance 
with the hedging strategy of the Issuer and/or the revenue proceeds generated by the permitted 
investments of the Issuer.  
In the case of any default of the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement, and following 
the enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes 
will depend on the collections received by the Issuer under the home loans receivables and timing 
thereof, as well as under the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) and other cash collateral 
transferred by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) under the Collateral 
Security Agreement. The Collateral Security Assets and cash collateral received under the Collateral 
Security Agreement might become insufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Notes 
and/or in a timely manner.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
As a result, the ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes 
will mainly depend on the credit risk of AXA Banque and its ability to transfer additional home loan 
receivables as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreement up to the required amount 
to meet with the Asset Cover Test.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings has assigned long and short-term Issuer 
Credit Ratings of A+/Stable/A-1+ to AXA Banque, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited assigns long and short-
term Issuer Default Ratings of A/Stable outlook/F1 to AXA Banque.  
As of 31 December 2020, the Collateral Security Assets totalled €3,737,560,848 and consisted of 
25,629 loans. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no cash collateral has been funded pursuant to 
the Collateral Security Agreement.  
If the value of the Collateral Security Assets and cash collateral (if any) is not sufficient for the Issuer 
to meet its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will not have any further source of funds available 
other than the claim against AXA Banque in respect of the remaining unpaid amounts of the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement, which would only be an unsecured claim (i.e. which shall be paid 
after secured and privileged creditors). There is therefore a risk that such remaining unsecured claim 
will not be paid in a timely manner and in full. 
If the double recourse against AXA Banque and the Collateral Security Assets and cash collateral (if 
any) received under the Collateral Security Agreement proves to be insufficient to support payments 
under the Notes until their maturity, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be very high. 
1.1.2 The Issuer is exposed to credit risk of other parties to the Programme Documents 
In addition to the credit risk of AXA Banque as Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement, 
the Issuer is exposed to credit risk over other parties to the Programme Documents, which is linked 
to the bankruptcy, resolution measure and/or default of its counterparties in performing their 
obligations, is that of: 
(i) 
as applicable, counterparties in hedging operations with which the Issuer may enter into (if 
any) ISDA or FBF (Fédération bancaire française) master agreements; 
(ii) 
counterparties in charge of administrating the Issuer’s cash accounts, which on the date 
hereof is AXA Banque; 
(iii) 
counterparties in charge of administrating the Issuer’s securities accounts, which on the date 
hereof is AXA Banque; 
(iv) 
counterparties in charge of holding and administrating the Issuer’s replacement assets 
(valeurs de remplacement); 
(v) 
bank issuers of the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement); 
(vi) 
AXA Banque acting as borrower paying any sums due under the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement; and 
(vii) 
AXA Banque in charge of providing collateral security in accordance with the Collateral 
Security Agreement. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest 
payments in respect of the Notes mainly depends on the ability of AXA Banque in its capacity as 
Services Provider, Management and Recovery Agent, collateral security provider and Borrower to

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
perform its obligations under the Programme Documents. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P 
Global Ratings has assigned long and short-term Issuer Credit Ratings of A+/Stable/A-1+ to AXA 
Banque, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited assigns long and short-term Issuer Default Ratings of A/Stable 
outlook/F1 to AXA Banque.  
The Programme Documents provide for certain mitigants and for substitution that require for example 
the Issuer to take certain actions if the credit rating of AXA Banque deteriorates, or if AXA Banque 
defaults in its obligations under the Programme Documents. These actions include changing the bank 
account(s) where the Issuer's funds are deposited or requiring AXA Banque to provide cash collateral 
under the Collateral Security Agreement.  
Delay or inability to implement those mitigants or to find a substitute entity may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes up to the required amount and/or on the relevant due date.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be very high. 
1.1.3 The Issuer is exposed to performance risk of third parties 
The Issuer having no own means or human resources, the Issuer has entered into services and 
outsourcing agreements with third parties, mainly with AXA Banque (see the section entitled 
"Relationship between AXA Home Loan SFH and AXA Banque").  
Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its parent, AXA Banque. A security policy’s 
corpus has been defined on the basis of AXA Group security policies. This corpus of security policy 
includes directives and operating procedures broken down by risk sector: physical security, security 
of system access control, security of data bases and applications, and security of continued 
operations. 
The servicing, management and recovery of the Collateral Security Assets continue to be carried out 
by AXA Banque which may sub-contract the servicing and custody of certain home loan receivables 
to Crédit Foncier de France (which is the case as of the date of this Base Prospectus) or any other 
third parties in the future.  
In the event that AXA Banque or any other party providing services to the Issuer under the Programme 
Documents fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement(s) to which it is a party, 
including in case of any resolution measure or procedure of AXA Banque having an impact on such 
services, the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be affected.  
The Programme Documents provide for ability of the Issuer under certain circumstances to 
terminate the appointment of any relevant third party service provider and to replace it. However, 
there is a risk that no suitable successor will be found in a timely manner or with sufficient experience 
or ability to serve on the same or similar terms as provided by the relevant Programme Documents 
or as to the financial terms on which they would agree to be appointed. The ability of a substitute 
entity to perform the required services fully would also depend, among other things, on the 
information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. 
Any bad or delayed performance by a third party service provider as well as any delay or inability to 
appoint a substitute entity may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes up 
to the required amount and/or on the relevant due date. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
1.1.4 The Issuer is exposed to conflicts of interests between the parties to the Programme 
With respect to the Notes, conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result 
of various factors involving in particular AXA Banque, its affiliates and the other parties named herein. 
For example, such potential conflicts may arise because AXA Banque acts in several capacities under 
the operating of the Issuer and the Programme (see the section entitled "Relationship between AXA 
Home Loan SFH and AXA Banque"). AXA Banque and/or such affiliates or other parties may thus be 
in a situation of conflict of interests.  
Also during the course of their business activities, the parties to the Programme and/or any of their 
respective affiliates may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by 
properties, which are in the same markets as the underlying home loans. In such cases, the interest 
of any of those parties or their affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing 
functions may differ from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer or of the holders of the Notes.  
For instance, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or their respective affiliates may from time to time advise the 
issuers or obligors in respect of reference assets regarding transactions to be entered into by them, 
or engage in transactions involving reference assets for their proprietary accounts and for other 
accounts under their management. Any such transaction may have a negative effect on the value of 
such reference assets and therefore on the value of any Notes to which they relate. Accordingly, 
certain conflicts of interest may arise both among the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or their 
affiliates and between the interests of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or their affiliates and the 
interests of holders of Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche and 
the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that 
such Calculation Agent may make, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, that may influence the 
amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a leading bank, a broker-dealer, an independent financial adviser, 
(including, as the case may be, one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In such a case 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that 
is involved in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst they 
will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, 
they may in their other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an 
index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and 
on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high. 
1.2 
The Issuer is exposed to market risks  
1.2.1 Risks related to the Covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences 
Since the beginning of the COVID-19 crisis, the pandemic disease has had, and continues to have, a 
severe impact on global economic conditions, including significant disruption and volatility in the 
financial markets, disruption of global supply chains, closures of many businesses, leading to loss of 
revenues and increased unemployment and the institution of social distancing and “confinement” or 
“lock-down” measures in various European countries such as France. Economic activity across the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Eurozone area was declining and suffered a considerable contraction in 2020, according to a first 
estimation of annual growth, gross domestic product (“GDP”) fell 6.4% in the EU, and GDP fell 8.3% 
in France. 
The economic recovery expected for 2021 will be conditioned on the ability of states to carry out 
vaccination campaigns against COVID-19 and the appearance of new variants that could slow down 
the reopening of European economies. 
In this respect, in February 2021, the European Commission revised its GDP growth forecasts for 
2021 for the UE to +3.8% and 5.5% for France. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is still an ongoing event, the duration of which is uncertain, and the 
measures adopted in reaction to it by public authorities (on an international, national or local scale) 
are in constant evolution and may affect the business activities and financial results of the Issuer. In 
particular, the COVID-19 crisis may have the following impact on the Issuer: 
- a challenging economic environment may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to make payments 
on their home loans. Some debtors have already presented to AXA Banque the extent to which they 
were affected by the COVID-19 crisis and have requested the application of a moratorium under their 
home loans. In this context, AXA Banque has temporarily suspended or postponed capital and/or 
interest payments under few Home Loans, with the aim of supporting the short-term operational and 
liquidity challenges faced by borrowers. As of 30 September 2020, 98.04% of the Home Loans were 
not subject to a moratorium or a deferral of payments ; 
- the lock-down periods imposed by the French Government has led to a drop in Home loan production 
especially during the first French lock-down period (compared to previous years) and may slow down 
Home Loan production again as a result of which it may be more difficult for AXA Banque to originate 
Loans which are eligible assets of a Société de Financement de l’Habitat which could in turn affect 
the ability of the Issuer to maintain its cover ratio (see section “Cover ratio");  
- a continuing economic crisis could significantly affect the residential property values in France and 
could lead to a decrease of eligible assets which could affect the ability of the Issuer to maintain its 
cover ratio; and 
- the Issuer relies on third parties to perform services for the Issuer and any negative impact of the 
COVID-19 on such third parties, in particular AXA Banque, could affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Notes. 
Beyond the overall impact on AXA Banque, the crisis could have significant consequences for the 
Issuer, including on its financial position and prospects, that cannot yet be measured. 
1.2.2 Liquidity risk 
Each advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement shall be made available in the same maturity (except extension of maturity) and conditions 
of redemption to those applicable to the Notes funding such advance. As a consequence, as long as 
no Event of Default of the Borrower has occurred under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement, the 
Issuer shall not be exposed to any liquidity risk.   
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default of the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement 
and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer's available funds will mainly arise from the 
home loan receivables and the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) comprised in the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Collateral Security. There is a risk that the home loan receivables and replacement assets (valeurs de 
remplacement) forming part of the Collateral Security have a maturity and amortisation profile which 
does not match the repayment profile and maturities of the Notes. Such mismatch would create a 
potential need for liquidity at the level of the Issuer.  
As of 31 December 2020, Collateral Security Assets consisted of 25,629 loans with an average 
seasoning of 40 months and a weighted average remaining term of 202 months. As of 27 April 2021, 
the outstanding amount of Notes issued by the Issuer is EUR 3,500,000,000 net principal amount and 
such Notes are scheduled to mature at the latest on 2035 (without taking into account any potential 
maturity extension).  
In order to finance any temporary liquidity needs, the Issuer will benefit from the ALM management 
tools and instruments provided to it by the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat (see section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat - Liquidity coverage).  
However, if the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, this may have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes in a timely manner and in particular, its ability 
to make payments under the Notes may be negatively affected. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high. 
1.2.3 Interest and currency risks 
Each advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement shall be made available in the same currency and according to the same interest 
conditions to those applicable to the Notes funding such advance, taking into account, as the case 
may be, any micro hedging. As a consequence, as long as no Event of Default of the Borrower has 
occurred under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any currency 
and interest risk in relation to the Uncommitted Facility Agreement and the Notes.  
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default of the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement 
and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer's available funds will arise from the home 
loan receivables, the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) and cash collateral (if any) 
comprised in the Collateral Security. In case where the home loan receivables and/or the replacement 
assets (valeurs de remplacement) that are part of the Collateral Security do not bear interest by way 
of the same conditions as those of the Notes and are not denominated in the same currency as the 
Notes, the Issuer may be exposed to interests rate and currency risks.  
As of date of this Base Prospectus, all of the underlying home loans are fixed rate loans and are 
denominated in Euro. A portion of the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) may bear 
floating rate interests. The replacement assets amount to €78,428,563.94 as of 31 December 2020 
i.e. 2.41% of all of the outstanding Notes and shall never exceed 15% of the Notes and the other 
priviledged debt pursuant to article R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
If the Issuer is or becomes exposed to interest rate and/or currency risk, the Issuer may enter from 
time to time into interest rate and/or currency hedging agreements with one or several hedging 
counterparties to hedge any such risks.  
Any delay or inability to enter into such hedging agreement on time may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes up to the required amount.  
Moreover, the entering into such hedging agreements may expose the Issuer to the credit risk and 
performance risk of the counterparties to any of those hedging agreements. In case of termination of

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
any hedging agreement entered into by the Issuer that benefit from the Privilège in accordance with 
the provisions of article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer may be liable 
to pay a hedging termination amount to the counterparty in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant hedging agreement. In such circumstances, the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes could be materially affected and Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their 
investment in the Notes. It is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but if the risk actually arises, the impact of such risk could be high. 
1.3 
Risks relating to the cover pool  
1.3.1 Change to the lending criteria may affect the creditworthiness of the home loans 
Each of the Home Loans originated by AXA Banque will have been originated in accordance with its 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that AXA Banque’s lending criteria will generally 
consider the type of financed property, term of loan, the loan-to-value ratio, the status of applicants 
and their credit history.  If the lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of 
the home loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers thereof and may affect the realisable 
value of the Collateral Security Assets or a part thereof, and may significantly affect the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes after the occurrence of an Event of Default of the AXA 
Banque as Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement.  
As of 31 December 2020, the Collateral Security Assets consisted of 25 629 loans with an average 
loan balance of €145 833.27 and a weighted average loan to value ratio of 63.67%. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
likely and the impact of such risk could be very high. 
1.3.2 The value of the Collateral Security may not be sufficient  
Under the Collateral Security Agreement, for so long as no Event of Default under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement has occurred and the Collateral Security has not been enforced, AXA Banque will 
be required to perform regularly, in addition to the legal cover ratio that is common to any société de 
financement de l’habitat (SFH), a specific contractual asset cover test as determined in the Collateral 
Security Agreement (see for a more detailed description of such specific asset cover test in Section 
“Relationship between AXA Banque Home Loans SFH and AXA Banque“) (the "Asset Cover Test") 
in order to ensure that the value of the eligible assets granted as Collateral Security is at least equal 
to the minimum legal percentage set out in article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
plus a contractual buffer percentage of the aggregate outstanding amount of the loans made available 
under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement (the "Asset Cover Ratio"). The aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the home loan receivables granted as Collateral Security will be reported on a 
monthly basis to the Noteholders.  
Failure to maintain compliance with such Asset Cover Ratio may result in, if not remedied, an Event 
of Default under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement and, if AXA Banque cannot repay in full the 
loans granted under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to 
meet its obligations under the Notes. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the minimum cover ratio provided in the SFH Legal Framework 
is of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%). As of 31 March 2021, the cover ratio of the Issuer 
was at 113.8%. 
Moreover, the Borrower may effect from time to time, partial release, substitution or additional transfers

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
of eligible assets granted by it as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreement, in 
accordance with article L. 211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) and the provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement. Consequently, Noteholders 
should be aware that there is no guarantee that any eligible assets so transferred or substituted as 
Collateral Security will perform in a similar manner to those eligible assets initially granted as Collateral 
Security, it being specified that eligible assets included in the Collateral Security shall comply with the 
eligibility criteria set out in the Collateral Security Agreement.  
In light of the above, after the occurrence of an Event of Default by AXA Banque as Borrower under 
the Uncommitted Facility Agreement and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer may not 
be in a position to meet its obligations under the Notes, and the Noteholders would lose all or part of 
their investments in the Notes. 
Lastly, after notification, each debtor may further raise defences (which may include, as applicable, 
any set-off right) against the Issuer which may reduce or delay the amounts paid by the debtors directly 
to the Issuer and therefore its ability to make payments in full under the Notes. Such defence may 
arise from such debtor's relationship with AXA Banque to the extent that such defences (i) are existing 
prior to the notification of the transfer of the relevant home loan receivable or (ii) arise out of mutual 
claims (créances connexes) between the debtor and AXA Banque which are closely connected with 
that home loan receivable (irrespective of whether such notification has been made before or after 
such claims have arisen).   
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but if the risk actually arises, the impact of such risk could be very high. 
1.3.3 Prepayment and renegotiation policy of interest rates under the home loans may affect 
the coverage and yield of the Collateral Security Assets  
The rate of prepayment of home loans composing the Collateral Security Assets benefiting to the 
Issuer under the Collateral Security Agreement is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and 
other factors, including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited 
to amendments to home loan interest tax deductibility), local and regional economic conditions, as 
well as changes in the debtor's behaviour (including but not limited to home-owner mobility).  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the annualized early prepayment rate calculated in respect of 
the home loans across the last 60 months amounted to 7.85%1. 
In addition, debtors under the home loans may renegotiate periodically the interest rate prevailing on 
their loan and such renegotiation may be accepted by the lender. The holders of the Notes will only 
receive on a periodical and pool basis detailed statistics or information in relation to the Collateral 
Security Assets (it being specified that these statistics or information shall be the last available one) 
not reflecting the changes which have occurred since the last period of time because it is expected 
that the composition of the Collateral Security may change from time to time.  
While such occurrences may happen at any time and are difficult to quantify beforehand, the likeliness 
of such prepayments and renegotiations of the home loans composing the Collateral Security Assets 
                                                     
 
1 Such rate corresponds to the monthly average of the early prepayment rates observed in respect of AXA Banque’s home loan 
portfolio across the last 60 months, excluding punctual unsual figures observed during the years 2015 and 2016.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
benefiting to the Issuer under the Collateral Security Agreement is currently high due to the ongoing 
prevalance of low market interest rates.  
In case of a high level of prepayment, the Issuer will be exposed to AXA Banque’s ability to transfer 
additional home loan receivables as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreement as 
replacement to the home loans that have been fully prepaid up to the required amount to meet with 
the Asset Cover Test. Failure to maintain compliance with such Asset Cover Test may result in, if not 
remedied, an Event of Default under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement and, if the value of the 
Collateral Security Assets is not sufficient, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. 
As of 31 March 2021, the cover ratio of the Issuer is at 113.8%. 
A high level of renegotiation of interest rate will reduce the yield of the Collateral Security Assets and 
therefore, may affect the ability of the Issuer to have sufficient funds to make payments under the 
Notes after the occurrence of an Event of Default by AXA Banque as Borrower under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement and enforcement of the Collateral Security. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but if the risk actually arises, the impact of such risk could be high. 
1.3.4 After an event of default of the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement, 
notification of the debtors of the home loans may take time 
The Collateral Security Agreement provides that the relevant home loan receivables will be transferred 
by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) pursuant to the provisions of article 
L. 211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, without notification or information of the debtors 
under such home loans. Such debtors will only be notified in case of enforcement of the Collateral 
Security by the Issuer. As long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made by the 
debtors under the relevant home loans will continue to be validly made by such debtors to AXA Banque 
in accordance with the Collateral Security Agreement.  
As of 31 December 2020, Collateral Security Assets totalled €3,737,560,848, and consisted of 25,629  
loans. As a result, after the occurrence of an Event of Default by AXA Banque as Borrower under the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement and enforcement of the Collateral Security, notification to the debtors 
under the relevant home loans may take time and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the 
ability of the Issuer to obtain effective direct payment from the debtors in a sufficient timely manner, 
which may result in a shortfall in the payment of principal amounts and in distributions of interest to 
Noteholders during that intermediary period. 
Until notification to the debtors under the relevant home loans has been made and provided that, at 
such time, an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of AXA Banque, French insolvency law will 
prevent the Issuer from recovering from AXA Banque any collections received by it under the relevant 
home loans which are commingled with other funds of AXA Banque. 
If the mitigants such as the funding of a cash reserve by AXA Banque upon certain downgrade event 
as provided in the Collateral Security Agreement (see section entitled "Relationship between AXA 
Banque Home Loans SFH and AXA Banque") are not sufficient, the Issuer may not be in a position to 
fulfill its obligations under the Notes.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely but the impact of such risk could be moderate.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
1.3.5 Credit risk of home loan guarantee provider may affect the Issuer 
After the occurrence of an Event of Default by AXA Banque as Borrower under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer will be exposed to the credit 
risk of the home loan guarantee providers in relation to home loans which are secured by a home loan 
guarantee (credits cautionnés), in case of default of the debtor of the relevant home loan.  
If the home loan guarantee provider does not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the 
relevant home loan guarantee for whatever reason or does not pay such amounts in a timely manner, 
this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
As of 31 December 2020, the home loans underlying the Collateral Security Assets at such date only 
include home loans with a guarantee by Crédit Logement, an independent home loan guarantee 
company licensed as a French société de financement. The issuer’s rating of Crédit Logement has 
been affirmed at Aa3 Stable outlook by Moody’s on 29 July 2020 and at AA (low) Stable outlook by 
DBRS Morningstar on 8 July 2020. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but if the risk actually arises, the impact of such risk could be very high. 
1.3.6 Credit risk of the debtors of home loans may affect the Issuer 
After the occurrence of an Event of Default by AXA Banque as Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of the debtors under the home loans and 
replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) composing the Collateral Security Assets at the time of 
enforcement of the Collateral Security. 
With respect to the Issuer, debtors under such home loans are individuals (acting, as the case may be, 
through a société civile immobilière patrimoniale) that have borrowed money for the purpose of 
financing, in whole or in part, a residential real estate property. As a result, they may benefit from the 
favourable legal and statutory provisions of the French Consumer Code, pursuant to which any 
individual may, under certain circumstances, and subject to certain conditions, request and obtain from 
a French specialized committee (Commission de surendettement des particuliers) a grace period, a 
reduction of the amount of all and any of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the 
case may be, a full or partial extinguishment of its indebtedness against a credit institution and oppose 
such rights to the Issuer.  
Pursuant to article L. 711-1 of the French Consumer Code, a situation of over-indebtedness is 
characterised by the manifest impossibility (impossibilité manifeste), for an individual, to satisfy all its 
non-professional debts, whether due and payable or unmatured. The benefit of the over-indebtedness 
treatment process is granted to any individual, provided that such individual acts in good faith. An 
individual will not be considered to be acting in good faith if he has organised his own insolvency or has 
dissipated his assets. The over-indebtedness process may lead inter alia to a suspension of on-going 
enforcement procedures (procédures d’exécution forcée), a suspension of the due date of the debts of 
the over-indebted individual, a rescheduling of such debts, a reduction or a cancellation of such debts, 
a reduction or a cancellation of the interest rates applicable thereto, a liquidation of the individual’s 
assets or the total cancellation of all personal debts of the over-indebted individual. Upon the application 
of such measures in favour of any debtor under a home loan, the Issuer may suffer a principal loss 
and/or a reduction in the yield of the home loans, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
The ability of a debtor under the home loans to make timely payment of amounts due under such home 
loans will mainly depend on his assets and his liabilities as well as his ability to generate sufficient 
income to make payments under the relevant home loans. His ability to generate income may be

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
adversely affected by a large number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the debtor himself 
(including but not limited to his age and health, employment situation, family situation, creditworthiness 
or expropriation) or (ii) are more general in nature (such as changes in France on governmental 
regulations, fiscal policy, economic environment, etc.).  
As of 31 December 2020, Collateral Security Assets totaled €3,737,560,848, and consisted of 25,629 
loans with an average loan balance of €145,833.27, a weighted average loan to value ratio of 63.67%, 
an average seasoning of 202 months and a weighted average remaining term of 40 months and only 
include home loans with a guarantee by Crédit Logement, an independent home loan guarantee 
company licensed as a French société de financement. 
In the absence of full and timely payment by the Home Loan debtors of any sums payable under the 
Home Loans, the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes may be adversely affected. 
It is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely but if the risk 
actually arises the impact of such risk could be high. 
1.3.7 Foreclosing on real property may be difficult and affect the Issuer   
Collateral Security Assets under the Collateral Security Agreement may comprise at any time 
residential loans secured by a mortgage over the residential property. 
In such a case, after the occurrence of an Event of Default by AXA Banque as Borrower under the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement and in the event of a default of a debtors under such home loans, the 
Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of the debtors under the Collateral Security Assets at the time 
of enforcement of the Collateral Security. The Issuer may seek for enforcing its rights under any related 
mortgages securing such home loans and will be exposed to difficulties in foreclosing on such 
residential real property. 
The French legal procedures to be followed in relation to the enforcement of French law governed 
mortgages and expenses related to such procedures may affect the Issuer’s ability to liquidate the 
properties secured under such mortgages efficiently and in a timely manner. An outline of these 
procedures is set out below (Specific rules are provided for lender’s privileges and mortgages to be 
registered in the departments of Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle. However, these specific rules do 
not substantially change the outline of these procedures set out below.) 
Foreclosure on property (saisie immobilière) situated in France by secured creditors may require the 
sale of the property at a public auction (vente aux enchères) if the sale cannot be made voluntarily by 
the borrower (conversion en vente volontaire or à l’amiable). The foreclosure procedure may take up 
to one (1) year and a half in normal circumstances. The beneficiary of a lender privilege or a mortgage 
will thus rank in respect of a sale proceeds in the order of priority of registration of the privileges and 
mortgages encumbering such seized property (article 2425 of the French Civil Code). The first step in 
the foreclosure procedure consists of delivering a foreclosure notice to the borrower by a bailiff or 
huissier (a process server or commandement de saisie immobilière). This notice should be filed at the 
French Land and Charges Registry having jurisdiction in the district where the relevant real property 
is located. The next step is to instruct a local lawyer to prepare the terms of the sale of the property at 
auction, including the reserve price of the relevant property (such instruction is not mandatory in the 
departments of Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle). Finally, a number of legal notices are required to 
be given prior to the sale (namely to the other mortgagees – if any). The borrower may file objections 
against such foreclosure (including the reserve price), the validity of which will be decided by a 
competent court. If no bid is made at the public auction, and provided there is only one (1) foreclosing 
creditor, such foreclosing creditor is declared the highest bidder and thus obliged to purchase the 
property at a reserve price specified in the terms of the sale.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
In accordance with article 2461 of the French Civil Code, secured creditors will continue to benefit 
from the lender’s privilege or mortgage, even if the property is transferred by the borrower to a third 
party without the lender’s consent. This right is known as droit de suite. If the secured creditor wishes 
to exercise this right, an order to pay is required to be served on the borrower by a bailiff and notice 
is required to be served on the third party to whom the relevant secured property was transferred (tiers 
détenteur de l’immeuble) with a view either to pay the debt secured over the property or to surrender 
such property at an auction. 
The exercise of such droit de suite is often paralysed due to an “advanced clearing” of the privileges 
and mortgages granted over the relevant property (purge des privilèges et hypothèques). If the 
borrower and all secured creditors agree, in accordance with article 2475 of the French Civil Code, for 
the sale proceeds to be allocated (affecté) to them, the secured creditors exercise their preferential 
rights (droits de préférence) over the sale proceeds, the payment of which will discharge all privileges 
and mortgages granted over the property (purge amiable). If no agreement is reached (for instance if 
the sale price of the property is substantially below the amount of the secured debt), the third party 
will still be entitled to offer to pay the sale price to the secured creditors in order to clear all privileges 
and mortgages granted over the relevant property. Secured creditors may refuse this offer if they 
consider that the sale price has been underestimated by the borrower and the third party. In this case, 
an auction will be ordered with a minimum bid which is the price offered by the relevant third party 
being made to the secured creditor, plus ten per cent (10%). 
The Issuer’s ability to liquidate the properties secured under the home loans efficiently and in a timely 
manner, and in turn to make payments when due on the Notes, may be adversely affected by the legal 
procedures described above. 
As of 31 December 2020, the home loans underlying the Collateral Security Assets at such date do 
not include home loans with a mortgage lien but only home loans with a guarantee by Crédit 
Logement. It is thus the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
but if the risk actually arises the impact of such risk could be high. 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks related to the market of the Notes and credit ratings 
2.1.1 Market value of the Notes 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris or 
any other stock exchange. Application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any 
other Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA provided the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported to the jurisdiction of that Regulated Market. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Base Prospectus has not been passported to any other jurisdiction in the EEA. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and of the 
Borrower, the volatility of the market interest and yield rates, the time remaining to the maturity date 
and the liquidity in the covered bond market. The value of the Notes on Euronext Paris or any other 
market also depends on a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the market interest 
and yield rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as the case 
may be. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial 
and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and 
the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. Covered bonds such as the Notes constitute a

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
specific class of assets, especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks. The price at 
which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
very likely and that the impact of such risk could be very high. 
2.1.2 The secondary market generally – Selling Restrictions 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, that are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or that have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types 
of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the 
date of this Base Prospectus) evidence a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for 
instruments similar to the Notes which may be issued hereunder. Such lack of liquidity may result in 
investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the 
performance of the Notes.  
Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Furthermore, the Notes are subject to certain selling and transfer restrictions, which may further limit 
their liquidity (see section “Subscription and Sale”). 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
2.1.3 Ratings of the Notes 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated AAA by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. The rating of the Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The rating assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies is based, among other things, on the SFH 
Legal Framework, the Privilège, the credit quality of the assets refinanced and the other relevant 
structural and credit enhancement features provided for under the Programme, including, among other 
things, the short-term and/or long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt ratings 
(with respect to S&P or to Fitch, as the case may be) of the parties involved in the Programme. In 
addition, in the rating agencies’ methodologies, the credit rating of a covered bonds programme is 
linked to the credit rating attributed to the issuer’s parent. While the link between the ratings of the 
Issuer’s parent and those of the notes issued by the Issuer is not direct, and precise correlation 
between these ratings has not been published by the rating agencies, a significant downgrading of 
AXA Banque's credit rating could have an impact on the credit rating, and the value, of the Notes. 
The rating addresses the likelihood of full and timely receipt by any of the relevant Noteholders of 
interest on the Notes and the likelihood of receipt by any relevant Noteholder of principal of the Notes 
by the relevant Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be. Ratings could be

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely without notice by the Rating Agencies as a result 
of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, 
circumstances so warrant. A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings mentioned 
above may impact upon both the value of the Notes or their marketability in secondary market 
transactions. 
Where a particular matter such as the substitution of AXA Banque or any of its subcontractors to 
perform the required services pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents or if the making or 
sanctioning of any modifications, alterations or supplements to any Programme Document or for any 
other matter involves the Rating Agencies being requested a prior Rating Affirmation, the Rating 
Agencies, at their sole discretion, may or may not give such affirmation. The Rating Agencies will be 
notified of the exercise of certain discretions exercised by or on behalf of the Issuer under the 
Programme Documents. However, the Rating Agencies are under no obligation to revert to the Issuer 
(or any of its agents) regarding the impact of the exercise of such discretion on the rating of the Notes 
and any decision as to whether or not to confirm, downgrade, withdraw or qualify the rating of all 
classes or any class of Notes based on such notification may be made at the sole discretion of the 
Rating Agencies at any time, including after the relevant action has been taken. 
Any absence or untimely delivery of a Rating Affirmation as well as any decline of the credit rating of 
the Notes may adversely affect the value of the outstanding Notes, increase the Issuer's cost of 
borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Notes. As a result, investors could lose 
part of their investment in the Notes. As of 27 April 2021, the outstanding amount of the Notes issued 
by the Issuer is EUR 3,500,000,000 net principal amount. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but if the risk actually arises the impact of such risk could be very high. 
2.1.4 Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change 
significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative 
to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (3) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all 
the Notes issued under the Programme are denominated in Euro. Notes under the Programme can 
be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Australian Dollars, Sterling, Japanese Yen, Swiss Francs and in any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the Final Terms. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
likely and that the impact of such risk for investors could be high. 
2.2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of such 
material features: 
 
2.2.1 Risks related to the interest rate applicable to the Notes 
2.2.1.1 Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that interest rates prevailing in 
the covered bond market for comparable fixed rate covered bonds increase above the rate paid on 
the relevant Tranche of Notes, which may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
2.2.1.2 Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders. The 
interest rate of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate is comprised of (i) a Reference Rate, and 
(ii) a Margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the Reference Rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market 
value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market 
interest rates evidenced by the relevant Reference Rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of 
these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine 
a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. It is 
difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative 
effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment risk. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
2.2.1.3 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) allows the Issuer to issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes with a change of interest basis as 
specified in the relevant applicable Final Terms. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or, in 
case of Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a different fixed rate or from a floating rate to a different floating rate. The conversion 
(whether automatic or optional) will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes 
since it may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable floating rate notes tied to the same Reference Rate. In addition, the new floating rate may 
at any time be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the Notes. 
Certain risks related to the conversion from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
rated, from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a floating rate to another floating rate, are also 
described in the above risk factors relating to Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, as the case 
may be. In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such 
risk is unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
2.2.1.4 Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(e) allows the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest rates have 
a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary 
Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity 
and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon 
Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments 
such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
2.2.1.5 The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes 
will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Euro Short Term 
Rate (“€STR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (“SOFR”), the EUR CMS rate (the "CMS Rate") or any other indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks”, investors should be aware that such “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national, 
international, regulatory guidance and other proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. Following the implementation of any such reforms, 
the manner of the administration of such “benchmarks” may change with the result that they may 
perform differently than in the past, or their calculation method may be revised, or they could be 
eliminated entirely. Any such consequences could have an effect on the liquidity and market value of 
and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the ten 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme are Soft Bullet Notes. Such Soft Bullet Notes issued 
under the Programme bear a fixed rate of interest until the initial Maturity Date and provide for an 
automatic extension of the maturity to the Extended Final Maturity Date if the Final Redemption 
Amount of the relevant Soft Bullet Notes is not paid by the Issuer on the initial Maturity Date. After 
such extension, the applicable rate of interest from the initial Maturity Date until the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, the rate of interest is a floating rate linked to a “benchmark”. In practice, the extension 
of the maturity to the Extended Final Maturity Date could only result from the occurrence of an Event 
of Default by Axa Banque as Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement.  
In the European Union, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”) and, in the United Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulation as it has effect in 
the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmark 
Regulation”), each provides, among other things, that administrators of “benchmarks” in the 
European Union (such as the European Money Market Institute which currently administers 
EURIBOR) and in the United Kingdom, respectively must be authorised by or registered with the 
relevant regulators and that they must comply with a code of conduct designed primarily to ensure 
reliability of input data, governing issues such as conflicts of interest, internal controls and “benchmark”

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
methodologies. The Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on Notes with a floating rate of interest, in particular, if the terms of 
any applicable “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark 
Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6) which seek to address the potential 
discontinuation of a “benchmark”, the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation could 
have an impact on the Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark” and, as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or any enhanced 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or the methodologies used in 
certain “benchmarks” or (iii) leading to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark” and as 
a consequence, could have a negative effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a 
“benchmark”. 
To alleviate the consequences of the potential unavailability of those indices, working groups under 
the supervision of their respective central banks have been working on defining alternative overnight 
risk-free rates, based mainly on transactional data and therefore less prone to critics as to their 
calculation methodologies. These new overnight risk-free rates are still however in very early stages 
of development and there can be no assurance that they will be widely adopted by market users. The 
Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to such overnight risk-free rates such as €STR, SONIA and SOFR. Currently, 
the market continues to develop in relation to overnight risk-free rates. The market or a significant part 
thereof may adopt an application of such overnight risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes with a floating rate of interest that reference an 
overnight risk-free rate. Interest on Notes which reference a an overnight risk-free rate is only capable 
of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference an overnight risk-free 
rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR, SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the 
covered bond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR, 
SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Any mismatch between 
the adoption of €STR, SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging 
or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Notes referencing €STR, SONIA or SOFR. 
Since overnight risk-free rates are relatively new market indexes, Notes linked to such indexes may 
have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to overnight risk-free rates, 
such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed covered bonds as a

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
result. Further, if overnight risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in relation to securities like 
the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to overnight risk-free rates may be lower than those 
of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell 
such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. Overnight risk-free rates might also be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors. If the manner in which overnight risk-free rates are calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such 
Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk on the Notes could be moderate. 
2.2.1.6 Benchmark discontinuation  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) applying to Notes for which the Rate of Interest is determined by 
reference to a “benchmark” and where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, in certain situations, the 
relevant reference rate has been discontinued, the fallback arrangements will include the possibility 
that: 
A. 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the 
 
case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as 
 
applicable) determined by a rate determination agent appointed by the Issuer; and 
B. 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by the 
 
rate determination agent, 
in each such case, with the rate determination agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, as more fully described in the terms and conditions of the Notes. The rate 
determination agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the Principal Financial Center of 
the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) and 
(ii) an independent financial adviser, in each case as appointed by the Issuer. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable). In addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate 
(as applicable). 
The replacement relevant rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine 
or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and the 
involvement of a relevant rate determination agent, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time and the replacement rate may perform differently from the 
discontinued Benchmark. 
There can be no assurance that any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Floating Rate 
Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes or Floating/Floating Rate Notes will 
adequately compensate for this impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial 
consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favorable to each Noteholder. This could in turn impact the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Rate of Interest on, and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Notes or Floating/Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that 
enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, 
and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the 
replacement relevant rate. 
In certain circumstances (other than for SOFR-linked Notes), if the rate determination agent is unable 
to determine an appropriate replacement relevant rate for any Relevant Rate on or prior to the next 
following Interest Determination Date or if the Issuer is unable to appoint a rate determination agent, 
then the Issuer may re-appoint a rate determination agent (which may or may not be the same entity 
as the original rate determination agent) for the purpose of determining the replacement relevant rate 
on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date in an identical manner as above. If none 
of the relevant determination agents were able to or otherwise did not determine a substitute 
replacement relevant rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date, then no 
replacement relevant rate will be adopted, and in such case, the Rate of Interest of such Notes (other 
than for SOFR-linked Notes) will be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period). In such circumstances and a rising interest rate environment, 
holders of Notes will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such 
Notes could therefore be adversely affected.  
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and yield on, any 
such Notes or have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is  
unlikely and that the impact of such risk on the Notes could be moderate. 
2.2.2 Risks related to redemption and issue price of the Notes 
2.2.2.1 Soft Bullet Notes may be redeemed after their initial maturity date 
Notes may have soft bullet maturities pursuant to Condition 6(a). If so provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date of the Notes may be extended automatically to the Extended Maturity Date 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The payment of the Final Redemption Amount may be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date (as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms) occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at a floating rate 
(the applicable Rate of Interest being specified in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable on each 
Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date, all as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions. Investors should also refer to the risk 
factors 2.2.1.2 (Floating Rate Notes) and 2.2.1.5 (The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may 
adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks") for risks relating to the 
floating rate applicable after the maturity extension. The extension of the maturity of the Notes from 
the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to 
accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and will result in a delay of payments of principal 
on the relevant Notes.  
In addition, the situation of the Issuer might adversely change between the initial Maturity Date and 
the Extended Final Maturity Date.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
As a result, investors may not be repaid in full at the initial Maturity Date but at the Extended Final 
Maturity Date and the market value of the Notes between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended 
Final Maturity Date might be significantly affected. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely but if the risk actually arises the impact of such risk could be high. 
2.2.2.2 Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Series of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market values 
of securities issued at a substantial discount from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
If market interest rates increase, such Notes can suffer higher price losses than other conventional 
interest-bearing covered bonds having the same maturity and credit rating. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate 
less in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. If market interest rates decrease, such Notes market price may increase less than other 
conventional interest-bearing covered bonds having the same maturity and credit rating. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount 
or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional 
interest-bearing securities. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
2.2.2.3 Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for a Call Option allowing to proceed to 
an early redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(c). An 
optional redemption feature of the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any 
redemption period. As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may 
be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor would not generally be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This could have an effect on Noteholders who 
could lose part of their investment in the Notes. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate.  
2.2.2.4 Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for a Put Option allowing to proceed to an

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
early redemption of the Notes at the option of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 6(d). 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in 
respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. This in turn may have a negative 
effect on the market value of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option is not 
exercised. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
2.3 Risks for Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
2.3.1 Certain modifications, alterations or amendments can be made without noteholder prior 
consent or taken by decisions of majority noteholders  
The Programme Documents may be amended, modified, altered or supplemented without the prior 
consent of the Noteholders or, as the case may be, without the prior consent of all the Noteholders. 
As such, the Issuer may concur with any person in making any amendments, modifications, alterations 
or supplements to any Programme Documents to which it is a party (other than the Terms and 
Conditions) and the Issuer may consult the Noteholders in respect of any any amendments, 
modifications, alterations to the Terms and Conditions. Such modification, alteration or amendment to 
Programme Documents may differ from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer and may 
materially affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Notes and the functioning 
of the Programme. 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interest in a Masse, as defined in Condition 10, and Collective Decisions can be 
adopted either (i) in a general meeting of the holders of Notes (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by 
consent of the holders of Notes following a written consultation (the "Written Decision"). The Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes permit, in certain cases, defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting or who did not vote 
through the relevant Written Decision and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Collective Decisions may be adopted in the conditions as more fully described in Condition 10 on any 
proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including any proposal, 
whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of 
judicial decisions. If the Terms and Conditions applicable to Notes would need to be amended by way 
of a General Meeting or Written Decision during the life of the Notes, if such a General Meeting were 
to take place or such a Written Decision were to be taken, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders 
could adopt a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions applicable to Notes in a way that 
could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
likely and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
2.3.2 Resolutions procedures under the EU recovery and resolution framework may have a 
limited impact on the Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or the "BRRD"), which was implemented in France by a decree-
law (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union 
européenne en matière financière) dated 20 August 2015, as modified by the Directive (EU) 2019/879

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (and furher amending Directive 
98/26/EC) (the "BRRD Revision" and together with the BRRD, the "BRRD II"), which was 
implemented by a decree-law (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le 
secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020), establishes a resolution regime with respect to credit 
institutions that are failing or likely to fail, or that require extraordinary financial public support.  
The Recovery Framework contains several resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or 
in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely 
to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is necessary 
in the public interest. Among these, is the bail-in tool which gives resolution authorities the power to 
recapitalise an institution under specific conditions, to write-down certain debt claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims, to equity, which equity 
could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution by application of the bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides that the relevant resolution authority can modify the terms and conditions of 
debt instruments such as Notes (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable 
and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments). Financial public support should only be used 
as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution 
tools, including the bail-in tool. 
Article L.613-55-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code expressly provides that the relevant 
resolution authority shall not exercise any write down or conversion powers in relation to secured 
liabilities (such as the borrower debt), including the Notes, save for the portion of the secured liabilities 
exceeding the value of the collateral granted as security. Relevant claims for the purposes of the 
Recovery Framework could still include the claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Notes issued 
under the Programme but only if and to the extent that the covered bond liabilities exceeded the value 
of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In this respect it is worth noting that the value 
of the collateral granted as security exceeds the portion of the secured liabilities, the cover ratio of the 
Issuer being at 113.8% as of 31 March 2021. 
Moreover, it results from the provisions of Article L.613-50-4 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code provides that the sole existence of a resolution measure taken over the Borrower, a prevention 
of crisis management measure or a suspension of payment set forth in Article L.613-56-8 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; cannot trigger the termination of the Uncommitted Facility Agreement 
and the enforcement of the Collateral Security as long as its material obligations under the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement continue to be performed by the Borrower. Moreover, save for the 
protection of the availability of funds benefiting from the guarantee of the French fonds de garantie 
des dépôts et des résolution as provided by Article L.613-57-1 V of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, pursuant to Article L.613-57-1 III of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the secured 
liabilities cannot be transferred to another entity separately from the related collateral arrangements. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD II or any suggestion of such exercise would have a limited 
impact on the rights of the holders of Notes as well as on the price value of their investment in any 
Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be moderate.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 5 may 2022, a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall be 
required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of the Notes. The Issuer shall submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the 
AMF for approval and supply each Dealer, with such number of copies of such Supplement as may 
reasonably be requested. 
In accordance with Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are offered to the public, 
investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any supplement is 
published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the publication of this supplement, 
to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing 
of the offer to the public or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended 
by the Issuer. The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. On 5 May 2022, 
this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the 
website of the Issuer www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and (b) available free of charge during usual business hours from the registered 
office of the Issuer.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following information 
mentioned in the correspondence table below and contained in the documents listed below (refer to the 
links below) which have been previously or simultaneously published and filed with the AMF and which 
are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
- 
the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 in the French 
language, which contains the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 together with the statutory auditors’ report thereon (the “2019 Annual 
Financial Report”); and 
https://www.axa.fr/content/dam/axa/desktop/Documents/PDF-BANQUE/axa-hl-sfh-rapport-
annuel-2019-sous-reserve%20approbation-ag.pdf 
- 
the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 in the French 
language, which contains the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 together with the statutory auditors’ report thereon (the “2020 
Annual Financial Report”); 
https://www.axa.fr/content/dam/axa/desktop/Documents/PDF-BANQUE/AXA-HL-
SFH_Rapport-annuel-2020_VF.pdf 
For the purposes only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated and form a single Series with Notes 
already issued under the relevant Notes Previous Conditions listed below: 
- 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the following base prospectuses of the Issuer: 
o base prospectus dated 19 June 2019 approved by the AMF (pages 138 to 171) (the “2019 
Conditions”); and 
https://www.axa.fr/content/dam/axa/desktop/Documents/PDF-BANQUE/axa-hl-sfh-base-prospectus.pdf  
o base prospectus dated 15 June 2020 approved by the AMF (pages 75 to 110) (the “2020 
Conditions” and together with the 2019 Conditions, the “Notes Previous Conditions”). 
https://www.axa.fr/content/dam/axa/desktop/Documents/PDF-BANQUE/axa-hl-sfh-base-prospectus.pdf 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge upon 
request, at the principal office of the Issuer during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes 
are outstanding. Such documents will be published on the website www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-
Loan-SFH. 
The information on any website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised by the AMF, unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the 
cross-reference list below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections of the documents listed above and 
which are not included in the cross-reference list below are not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not 
relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Cross reference list in respect of financial information 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING AXA HOME LOAN SFH’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
 
2019 Annual Financial Report 
 
Balance Sheet 
Page 24  
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 26 
Cash flow statement 
Page 27 
Accounting Principles and notes 
Pages 28 to 35 
Statutory Auditor’s Report 
Pages 36 to 41 
2020 Annual Financial Report 
 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 30 and 31 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 33 
Cash flow statement 
Pages 34 
Accounting Principles and notes 
Pages 35 to 42 
Statutory Auditor’s Report 
Pages 43 to 51 
 
The Note Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single series with Notes 
already issued under the Notes Previous Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections of the 
documents listed above and which are not included in the cross-reference list below are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by 
reference are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Cross reference list in respect of the Notes Previous Conditions 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
REFERENCE 
2019 Conditions 
pages 138 to 171 
2020 Conditions 
pages 75 to 110 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 June 2019 approved by the AMF 
and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 15 June 2020 approved by the AMF are not relevant for 
investors.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE 
THE PROSPECTUS 
In the context of any offer of Notes in France and/or any jurisdiction of the European Economic Area to 
which this Base Prospectus and any supplements may be passported from time to time (the "Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)") that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), the Issuer may, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consent to the use of the Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms (together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Notes during 
the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") and in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
(1) 
subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary specified in 
the relevant Final Terms authorised to make such offers pursuant to the Directive 2014/65/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, "MIFID II") and which satisfies any conditions specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in 
each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes 
by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out 
under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a dealer 
appointed under the Programme (a “Dealer”); (c) complies with the relevant manufacturer's target 
market assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions or 
benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale 
of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licences, 
consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers 
or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records for at least the 
minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your client" rules 
applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any 
filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, 
none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror 
complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, 
for the content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in such Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is 
made during the period for which that consent is given and in compliance with all other conditions 
attached to the giving of the consent. However, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any Dealer has 
any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or 
other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date falling 12 
months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its 
consent to use the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional 
Authorised Offerors after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new 
information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this 
Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms at www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH. 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer 
Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish 
on its website a statement confirming that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt 
Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any of the Dealers has authorised 
the making of any Non-Exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not 
permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made 
on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making 
such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, 
and offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such Investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such 
arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes 
and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that 
Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger nor 
any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such 
information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Dealer[s] are to Natixis and all persons appointed as a 
Dealer in respect of one (1) or more Tranches.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND OTHER LEGAL 
ASPECTS 
SFH Legal framework 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to the Issuer as société 
de financement de l'habitat (SFH) results from the following provisions (the “SFH Legal Framework”): 
(a) 
articles L. 513-3, L. 513-5, L. 513-7 to L. 513-26 and L. 513-28 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (as amended from time to time); 
(b) 
articles R. 513-1, R. 513-3, R. 513-4, R. 513-6 to R. 513-12, R. 513-14, R. 513-15 to R. 513-18 
and R. 513-19 to R. 513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time 
to time); 
(c) 
the CRBF Regulation (as amended from time to time); and 
(d) 
the various Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution's instructions applicable to sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat. 
Entities entitled to issue obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat are licensed as specialised credit institutions (établissements de 
crédit spécialisés) and authorised to act as sociétés de financement de l'habitat by the European Central 
Bank on the proposal of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
The exclusive legal purpose of the sociétés de financement de l'habitat is to grant or finance home loans 
and hold securities and instruments under the conditions set out in the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. 
Eligible assets 
In accordance with the French current legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat 
on the date hereof, the eligible assets to a société de financement de l'habitat may only be: 
(a) 
loans granted by it to any credit institution and guaranteed by the transfer (remise), the 
assignment (cession) or the pledge (nantissement) of home loans receivables (as defined in 
paragraph (d) below), pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of articles L. 211-36 to 
L. 211-40 or articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
regardless of their professional nature; 
(b) 
units or notes issued by French securitisation vehicles (organismes de titrisation) or any other 
similar entities governed by the laws of a Member State of the European Union, the European 
Economic Area, the United States of America, Switzerland, Japan, Canada, Australia or New 
Zealand, if the following provisions of articles L. 513-5 and R. 513-3 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code are complied with (the "Asset-Backed Securities"): 
(i) the similar foreign entities mentioned above must be governed by the law of a European 
Union Member State or an European Economic Area Member State if its assets are 
composed in whole or part of loans mentioned in article L. 513-29-II of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; and 
(ii) the assets of such securitisation vehicles or similar foreign entities consist of, except for 
sums temporarily available and pending allocation, guarantees, security interest or other 
privileges benefiting to them, as well as securities kept by these securitisation vehicles or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
similar entities as reserve or guarantee in accordance with the applicable legislation, at 
least 90% of receivables of the same kind as those complying with the criteria set out in 
article L. 513-29-II of the French Monetary and Financial Code or other receivables 
benefiting from guarantees that are equivalent to those of the loans referred to above;  
(iii) such units or notes are not specific units or specific notes bearing the risk of default of the 
debtors; 
(iv) such units or notes benefit from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de 
qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution pursuant to article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; and 
(v) such units or notes are refinanced within a limit of ten per cent. (10%) of the nominal amount 
of the Notes and the other resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
(c) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by any credit institution, pursuant to and in accordance 
with the provisions of articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and which, as an exception to article L. 313-42 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
are issued in order to refinance home loans receivables mentioned in article L. 513-29-II of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(d) 
home loans which are defined as loans that: 
(i) aim at financing, in whole or in part, residential real property located in France or in another 
Member State of the European Union or the European Economic Area or a State benefiting 
from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned 
by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution pursuant to article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(ii) are guaranteed by a first-ranking mortgage or a charge over real property which provides 
a guarantee at least equivalent, or a guarantee (cautionnement) granted by a credit 
institution or an insurance company. 
In accordance with article R. 513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, any société de 
financement de l'habitat must keep an up-to-date list (état) of the loans it has granted or acquired. Such 
list must also mention the nature and the value of the guarantees relating to these loans, together with 
the nature and the amount of the privileged debts. 
In addition, according to articles L. 513-7, R. 513-6 and R. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, a société de financement de l'habitat may also hold securities, instruments and deposits which 
are sufficiently secure and liquid, as replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) defined as: 
(a) 
exposures on credit institutions, investment firms or portfolio management companies benefiting 
from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by 
an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution 
pursuant to article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or guaranteed by credit 
institutions or investment firms benefiting of the same level of credit assessment; 
(b) 
exposures on credit institutions, investments firms or portfolio management companies 
established in a Member State of the European Union or the European Economic Area with a 
residual maturity of less than 100 days benefiting from the second highest level of credit 
assessment assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution pursuant to article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code) or guaranteed by credit institutions or investment firms benefiting of the same level of 
credit assessment;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(c) 
debt securities issued or fully guaranteed by public sector entities as referred to in paragraphs 
1 to 5 of article L. 513-4-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(d) 
debt securities issued or fully guaranteed by a central authority of a state member of the 
European Union and the sums credited on bank accounts opened with by a central authority of 
a state member of the European Union complying with the requirements of criteria a of 
paragraph 1 of article 416 of the Regulation 575/2013/EU of 26 June 2013. 
The total amount of such replacement assets (valeur de remplacement) shall not exceed fifteen per cent. 
(15%) of the total outstanding nominal amount of the obligations de financement de l’habitat and the 
other resources benefiting from the Privilège, save if replacement assets set out in paragraph (d) above 
are held for the purpose of the coverage of the liquidity needs in accordance with provisions of article 
R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code for which the limit applicable is the amount of such 
liquidity needs. In addition, pursuant to paragraph 2 of article R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, certain replacement assets are not taken into account in the calculation of the above 
percentage such as, without limitation, any cash collateral received from credit institutions by the société 
de financement de l’habitat to secure all or part of its assets. 
Pursuant to article 13 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must send to the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution information relating to the quality of its assets. This report is published 
within 45 calendar days of a general meeting approving the Issuer's financial statements of the year 
then ended. In particular, the characteristics, details of the distribution of loans, exposures and 
guarantees, the total of any unpaid amounts, the distribution of debts by amount and by category of 
debtors, the proportion of early repayments, and the level and sensitivity of the position of rates are 
required to be included as part of the latter report. 
In addition, according to article L. 513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and article 13 bis 
of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must publish within 45 calendar days of the end of every quarter a 
report containing the same information relating to the quality of its assets. Such report is available for 
viewing on the website www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH. 
Finally, a société de financement de l'habitat may acquire and own any immovable or movable property 
which is necessary for the accomplishment of its corporate purpose or which derives from recovery of 
the receivables it holds. 
A société de financement de l'habitat is not entitled to hold any equity interest (participations) in any 
entity in accordance with article L. 513-29-IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
See also the section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Issuer's exclusive purpose and business 
overview". 
Privilège and liabilities  
Privilège 
The obligations de financement de l'habitat issued by sociétés de financement de l'habitat, together with 
the other resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform the public (within 
the meaning of article L. 412-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) or any equivalent document 
required for the admission to trading on foreign regulated markets which mentions the Privilège, and the 
liabilities resulting from derivative transactions relating to the hedging of obligations de financement de 
l'habitat and other privileged debts in accordance with article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code benefit from the Privilège set out under article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Pursuant to article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal 
provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions included in the French Commercial Code 
relating to the prevention and conciliation of business difficulties and to the judicial administration and 
liquidation of companies: 
(a) 
the sums resulting from the loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and securities eligible 
to the assets of a société de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of articles L. 513-28 
and L. 513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and from the financial instruments 
used for hedging as referred to in article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
after set-off as the case may be, together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the 
société de financement de l'habitat with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment 
of the obligations de financement de l'habitat, to other resources benefiting from the Privilège as 
mentioned in article L. 513-30-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code, to derivative 
transactions used for hedging purpose, under the condition of article L. 513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, except those used to hedge non- privileged debts, and to other 
ancillary expenses and sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in article L. 513-15 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
when a société de financement de l'habitat is subject to any safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) or to conciliation proceedings with its creditors (procédure de conciliation), the 
amounts due regularly from the operations referred to in article L. 513-30-I of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other 
debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration. No other creditor of a société de financement de l'habitat may exercise 
any right over the assets and rights of such société de financement de l'habitat until all creditors 
benefiting from the Privilège have been fully paid off; and 
(c) 
the judicial liquidation of a société de financement de l'habitat, will not result in the acceleration 
of payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other debts benefiting from the 
Privilège. 
Non-privileged debts 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may also raise other resources which do not benefit from the 
Privilège. Such other resources include: 
(a) 
loans or resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform the 
public (within the meaning of article L. 412-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) or 
any equivalent document required for the admission to trading on foreign regulated markets 
that does not mention the Privilege; 
(b) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of 
articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and which, as an 
exception to article L. 313-42 of the said code, refinance home loans referred to in article L. 513-
29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(c) 
temporary transfers of its securities as provided for in articles L. 211-22 to L. 211-34 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, pledge of a securities account as defined in article L. 211-
20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and transfer of all or part of its receivables in 
accordance with articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40 or in accordance with articles L. 313-23 et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code, regardless of their professional nature. The 
receivables and securities so refinanced are not taken into account for the purpose of 
determining the cover ratio of the resources benefiting from the Privilege.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
Pursuant to article R. 513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to which article R. 513-19 of the 
same code expressly refers, the Issuer may only finance the home loans through issuance of obligations 
de financement de l'habitat or other resources benefiting from the Privilege up to the lowest of the 
following amounts: 
(a) 
the principal outstanding amount of the home loan; 
(b) 
the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate or of the charged real estate and (ii) the 
applicable "financing portion" (quotité de financement) referred to in article R. 513-1 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Pursuant to article R. 513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to which article R. 513-19 of the 
same code expressly refers, the Issuer may only finance the Asset-Backed Securities through issuance 
of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other resources benefiting from the Privilege up to the lowest 
of the following amounts: 
(a) 
the outstanding principal amount of such Asset-Backed Securities; 
(b) 
the sum of (i) the capital remaining due under loans composing the assets of such securitisation 
vehicle and (ii) the liquidities of such securitisation vehicle as defined in article R. 214-220 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(c) 
the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate for guaranteed home loans or of the 
charged residential real estate for mortgage home loan and (ii) the applicable "financing portion" 
(quotité de financement) referred to in article R. 513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. This product shall be increased by the liquidities of the securitisation vehicle as defined 
in article R. 214-220 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
These amounts are those as of the date of the launch of the securitization vehicle, as of the date of any 
subsequent reloading or as of the date of the Asset-Backed Securities entering in the assets of the 
Issuer. 
Statutory Cover ratio 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio between their assets and 
their liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. According to articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover 
ratio of at least 105 per cent of the total amount of their liabilities which benefit from the Privilège by the 
total amount of their assets, including the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement). For the 
calculation of this cover ratio, when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets 
pursuant to articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement), the 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received as collateral rather than 
the secured receivables. 
Calculation of this cover ratio is set out in the CRBF Regulation pursuant to which the ratio's denominator 
(article 8 of the CRBF Regulation) is composed of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, and the ratio's numerator (article 9 of the CRBF Regulation) is 
composed of all the assets at their risks weighted amount as such amount is determined in CRBF 
Regulation. 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must appoint a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the 
approval of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution whose task is to ensure that the cover

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
ratio is complied with at all times. In particular, the specific controller must certify that the cover ratio is 
satisfied in connection with (i) the société de financement de l'habitat's quarterly programme of issues 
benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any specific issue also benefiting from the Privilège whose amount 
is greater than Euro 500 million. The specific controller must verify the quality of the assets, the process 
of yearly revaluation and the quality of the asset liability management. The specific controller (as further 
described in the paragraph entitled "Specific Controller" below) has access to information that allows 
confirmation of each issue's compliance with the statutory cover ratio. This statutory cover ratio is 
published at least four times a year and checked on a quarterly basis and for each issue whose amount 
is greater than Euro 500 million, by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique). This statutory cover 
ratio is made publicly available four times a year and checked on a quarterly basis by the specific 
controller. 
Liquidity coverage 
In accordance with article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de 
financement de l'habitat must ensure at any time the funding of its liquidity needs over a period of 180 
calendar days, taking into account the provisional fund flows arising from the principal and interest 
amounts over its assets and the net flows relating to the forward financial instruments (instruments 
financiers à terme) referred to in article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
The needs in cash are covered with replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) complying with the 
provisions of articles R. 513-6 and R. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and assets 
which are eligible for the credit operations of the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures 
and conditions set forth by the latter in the context of its monetary policy and intraday credit operations. 
In the case where the assets of the société de financement de l'habitat are composed of receivables 
guaranteed by collateral assets in accordance with articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-
35, and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, if these assets are not 
replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement), the liquidity needs are evaluated by considering the 
assets transferred as collateral security (and not the receivables). 
Pursuant to the Article 12 of the Regulation (règlement) n° 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued 
by the Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation 
Committee), sociétés de financement de l'habitat shall ensure that the average life of the eligible assets 
held by them, up to the minimum amount required to comply with the cover ratio referred to in Article 
R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, does not exceed more than eighteen (18) months 
the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. For that purpose, when the assets comprise 
receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L.211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-
35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not replacement 
assets (valeurs de remplacement), the sociétés de financement de l'habitat must take into account the 
assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the 
Collateral Security Assets. With respect to the Issuer, this requirement would be taken into account in 
the Uncommitted Facility Agreement and Collateral Security Agreement and for each issuance of Notes. 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, a société de financement de l'habitat may also, by derogation to the provisions of articles 
1349 of the French Code civil (the "French Civil Code") and L. 228-44 to L. 228-74 of the French 
Commercial Code, subscribe for its own obligations de financement de l'habitat, for the sole purpose of 
pledging them as collateral security (affecter en garantie) in order to secure the credit transactions 
(opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the terms and conditions determined 
by the Banque de France for its monetary and intraday credit policy, if the société de financement de 
l'habitat is not able to cover its cash needs with the other means available to it, provided that:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(a) 
the total amount of the obligations de financement de l'habitat subscribed by the Issuer does not 
exceed ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources 
benefiting from the Privilège as at the date of their subscription; 
(b) 
such obligations de financement de l'habitat are disentitled of their rights under articles L. 228-46 
to L. 228-89 of the French Commercial Code as long as the société de financement de l'habitat 
holds them; 
(c) 
such obligations de financement de l'habitat are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France 
within an 8-calendar day period starting from the date on which they are paid and delivered 
(otherwise, such Notes shall be cancelled by the société de financement de l'habitat at the end 
of such 8-calendar day period); and 
(d) 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the obligations de financement de l'habitat subscribed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat in accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, shall be cancelled within an 8-calendar day period starting from the date on which 
they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France. 
Hedging 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into swaps to hedge its interests and/or currency risks on the 
loans and exposures referred to in articles L. 513-28 and L. 513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, on the obligations de financement de l'habitat and on other resources whether or not benefiting 
from the Privilège. 
The swap arrangements to be entered into by the Issuer will follow the last up-to-date ISDA standard 
form available at the time of the conclusion of the swaps master agreement or its equivalent under the 
last up-to-date FBF (Fédération Bancaire Française) standard form available at the time of the 
conclusion of the swaps. 
Pursuant to the terms of the swap agreements to which the Issuer will be a party, in the event that the 
relevant ratings of the relevant hedging counterparty is or are downgraded by a rating agency below the 
required ratings specified in the relevant swap agreement and, where applicable, the relevant hedging 
counterparty will, in accordance with and pursuant to the terms of the relevant swap agreement, be 
required to take certain remedial measures which may include one (1) or more of the following: (i) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the relevant swap agreement; (ii) arranging for its obligations 
under the relevant swap agreement to be transferred to a replacement hedging provider with the ratings 
required by the rating agency (as specified in the relevant swap agreement); (iii) procuring another entity 
with the ratings agreed with the relevant rating agency (as specified in the relevant swap agreement) to 
become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the relevant swap agreement; and/or (iv) taking 
such other actions as the relevant hedging counterparty may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
As far as the Issuer itself is concerned, it will not be required to provide collateral or take any of the 
above mentioned remedial measures to the benefit of its hedging counterparties depending on its 
ratings. 
Amounts due to counterparties and payable by the Issuer pursuant to financial instruments used for 
hedging as referred to in article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code will benefit from 
the Privilège. Interest rate and currency risk positions of the Issuer will be reviewed on a regular basis in 
order to be adjusted to events that may occur and which cannot be known in advance (such as in case 
of prepayments under the loans owned by the Issuer, etc.). 
Insolvency derogating regime

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Article L. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code precludes the extension of any safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the société de financement de l'habitat's shareholders to the société 
de financement de l'habitat. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code provides for a regime which derogates in many ways from the 
French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. In particular, in the event of safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of a société de financement de l'habitat, all claims benefiting from the Privilege, 
including interest thereon, must be paid on their due dates and in preference to all other claims, whether 
or not secured or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of all such preferred claims, no other 
creditors may take any action against the assets of the société de financement de l'habitat. 
In addition, pursuant to article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of 
article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code are not applicable to contracts concluded by a société 
de financement de l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by or in favour of société de financement de 
l'habitat, as far as such contracts or transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in 
articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Pursuant to article L. 513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of the opening of any 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the company which is acting as manager and servicer of the 
assets and liabilities of the société de financement de l’habitat, the recovery, management and servicing 
contract may be immediately terminated by the société de financement de l’habitat notwithstanding any 
legal provisions to the contrary. 
Specific Controller 
In each société de financement de l'habitat, a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) (the "Specific 
Controller") and a substitute Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant) are in charge of 
ensuring the compliance of the société de financement de l'habitat with the legal framework described 
above. The Specific Controller and the substitute Specific Controller are selected from the official list of 
auditors and appointed by the officers of the société de financement de l'habitat with the approval of the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
Pursuant to article L. 513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the tasks of the Specific 
Controller are: 
(a) 
to ensure that the société de financement de l'habitat complies with articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-
30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
to certify that the statutory cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the société de financement 
de l'habitat's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilege and (ii) any issue of 
resources benefiting from the privilege and whose amount is greater than Euro 500 million; 
(c) 
to ensure that the home loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or refinanced by the société de 
financement de l'habitat comply with the purpose of article L. 513-28 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code and with the requirements set out in articles L. 513-29 and L. 513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(d) 
to control, when the home loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de 
financement de l'habitat are subject to a guarantee (cautionnement) from a credit institution, a 
financing company or an insurance company included in the consolidation scope, as defined 
by article L. 233-16 of the French Commercial Code as applicable to the société de financement

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
de l'habitat, the risks assessment methods established by such credit institution or insurance 
company are adequate, in accordance with article R. 513-21 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code; and 
(e) 
to review, pursuant to article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate and maturity matching 
between the assets and the liabilities. In case the Specific Controller believes that the level of 
rate and maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the 
privilege, the Specific Controller informs the officers of the relevant société de financement de 
l'habitat and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
The Specific Controller attends all shareholders' meetings and, on its request, may be heard by the 
board of directors of the société de financement à l'habitat (article L. 513-23 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code). 
The Specific Controller is entitled to receive all the documents and information necessary to the fulfilment 
of its mission and to perform, under certain conditions, any audit and control in the premises of the 
société de financement de l'habitat. The Specific Controller prepares annual reports on the 
accomplishment of his missions to the management of the société de financement de l'habitat, a copy 
of which is delivered to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
The Specific Controller and the Substitute Controller of the Issuer are:  
Specific Controller 
Substitute Specific Controller 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
Mr. Rémi Savournin 
 
Future changes to the SFH Legal Framework 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and the Council and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 
of the European Parliament and the Council (together, the “New EU Covered Bonds Framework”) were 
definitely adopted on 27 November 2019 and published on 18 December 2019. The directive must be 
transposed before July 2021 and the New EU Covered Bonds Framework will be effective on 6 July 
2022 at the latest. 
The New EU Covered Bonds Framework is part of the Capital Markets Union action plan and aim to 
enable a more harmonized covered bond market in the European Union in order to improve the visibility 
and safety of covered bonds, as well as maintaining some elements arisen from regulations from the 
Member States of the European Union which have been useful for the bulding of such market. The 
directive covers in particular requirements for issuing covered bonds, requirements for marketing 
covered bonds as "European Covered Bonds", structural features of covered bonds (asset composition, 
derivatives, liquidity...) and regulatory supervision. The regulation would mainly amend Article 129 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR)) and would add requirements 
on minimum overcollateralisation and substitution assets. The minimum overcollateralization would be 
set at 2 % and 5 % depending on the assets in the cover pool, based on a nominal calculation method.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Potential impact of this New EU Covered Bonds Framework on the Issuer and the Notes should be 
relatively limited but cannot yet be fully estimated, some aspects depending on transposition. 
Resolution procedures under the European Recovery and Resolution framework (BRRD)  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 provides for 
the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms entered into force on 2 July 2014 (the "Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive" 
or "BRRD"). The BRRD provides authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial 
and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and 
financial system.  
The BRRD has been implemented into French law in Articles L. 613-34 and seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, by an ordonnance dated 20 August 2015 adapting French law to EU Financial Law 
(Ordonnance n°2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la legislation 
au droit de l’Union européenne en matière financière) ratified by law No. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 
2016 (loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et 
à la modernisation de la vie économique) (the "Recovery Framework I"). The European Parliament and 
the Council of the European Union adopted Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the “BRRD Revision” and 
together with the BRRD, the “BRRD II”), which was implemented in France by an ordonnance dated 21 
December 2020 (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) 
(the "Recovery Framework II" and together with the Recovery Framework I, the “Recovery 
Framework”). 
The Recovery Framework contains several resolution tools and powers (the “Resolution Tools and 
Powers”) which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers 
that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and 
(c) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. Among these, is the bail-in tool which gives 
resolution authorities the power to recapitalise an institution under specific conditions, to write-down 
certain debt claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt 
claims, to equity, which equity could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution by 
application of the bail-in tool. The BRRD also provides that the relevant resolution authority can modify 
the terms and conditions of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments). Financial public support should only be 
used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the 
resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
The Recovery Framework as transposed in France is as following: 
(i) Article L.613-55-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code expressly provides that the 
relevant resolution authority shall not exercise any write down or conversion powers in relation 
to secured liabilities (such as the liabilities of AXA Banque as Borrower under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement secured by the Collateral Security Agreement), including covered bonds 
(such as the Notes).  
 
(ii) Article L.613-50-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (transposing article 68 of BRRD) 
provides that the sole existence of a resolution measure cannot trigger the ability for the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
counterparty to terminate, suspend, modify or suspend the performance of a contract provided 
that the material obligations under such contract continue to be performed by the entity which is 
subject to such resolution measure. The BRRD Revision extends this requirement to the 
suspension of payment and delivery obligations decided by the relevant resolution authority. 
 
(iii) Article L.613-57-1 III of the French Monetary and Financial Code provides that, save for the 
protection of the availability of funds benefiting from the guarantee of the French fonds de 
garantie des dépôts et des résolution as provided by Article L.613-57-1 V of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, secured liabilities of an entity which is subject to a resolution measure 
cannot be transferred to another entity separately from the related collateral arrangements.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Incorporation, duration and registered office 
The Issuer, AXA Home Loan SFH, was incorporated on 14 March 2019, as a French société anonyme. 
Its term of existence is ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its incorporation. The Issuer is registered 
in the trade and companies register (registre du commerce et des sociétés) of Créteil under number 
849 148 036. 
Since 26 April 2019, the Issuer is licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit 
spécialisé) with the status of société de financement de l'habitat by the European Central Bank on the 
proposal of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
The Issuer's office is at 203-205, rue Carnot - 94138 Fontenay-sous-Bois Cedex, France, its telephone 
number: 01.47.74.10.01. 
The Issuer is governed by the legal and regulatory provisions applicable to: 
(a) 
commercial companies (sociétés commerciales) (including, without limitation, articles L. 210-1 
et seq. of the French Commercial Code; and 
(b) 
specialised credit institutions and to sociétés de financement de l'habitat (articles L. 513-3, 
L. 513-5, L. 513-7 to L. 513-26, L. 513-28 et seq. and R. 513-1, R. 513-3, R. 513-4, R. 513-6 to 
R. 513-12, R. 513-14, R. 513-15 to R. 513-18 and R. 513-19 to R. 513-21 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, the CRBF Regulation and the various Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution's instructions) (see the section entitled "Overview of the legislation 
and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"). 
The Issuer is a susbsidiary of AXA Banque S.A. and a member of the AXA Group.  
Financial Elements 
The financial year of the Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December. The Issuer has published annual 
financial statements as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The annual financial statements 
as at 31 December 2019 are included in the 2019 Annual Financial Report and the annual financial 
statements as at 31 December 2020 are included in the 2020 Annual Financial Report, which are hereby 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The following table shows the key figures related to the income statement and balance sheet of the 
Issuer as at 31 December 2020:  
 
Balance sheet 
 
Total assets  
3,351,313,500 € 
Debt securities  
3,251,920,146 € 
Shareholder's equity  
90,000,000 € 
Total liabilities  
3,351,313,500 €

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Income statement 
 
Net banking income 
4,848,292 € 
Gross operating income 
2,454,006 € 
Operating income 
2,454,006 € 
Income before tax 
2,454,006 € 
Net income  
1,663,028 € 
Share capital 
The Issuer's share capital, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, amounts to EUR 90,000,000 divided 
into 100,000 fully paid-up ordinary shares of EUR 900.  
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares 
in the capital of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ninety-nine point ninety nine per cent (99.99 %) of the share capital 
is owned by AXA Banque, and zero point zero one per cent (0.01 %) of the share capital is owned by 
AXA Banque Financement. 
AXA Banque is a credit institution licensed by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 51 % 
of AXA Banque’s share capital is owned by AXA France Participations S.A.S. and 49 % of its share 
capital is owned by AXA France Vie S.A. 
AXA Banque Financement is a credit institution licensed by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution. 65 % of AXA Banque Financement share capital is owned by AXA Banque and 35 % of the 
share capital is owned by BNP Paribas Personal Finance. 
98.34 % of AXA France Vie S.A.’s share capital is owned by AXA S.A. which is the parent company of 
the AXA group (the “AXA Group”). 
100 % of AXA France Participations S.A.S. share capital is owned by AXA S.A. 
The following diagram illustrates the position of AXA Home Loan SFH within the AXA Group:

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview 
In accordance with article L. 513-28 of the French Monetary and Financial Code which defines the 
exclusive purpose of the sociétés de financement de l'habitat and with article 5 of its by-laws (statuts), 
the Issuer’s exclusive purpose consists of carrying out the activities and operations below: 
(a) 
to grant loans to any credit institution secured by the transfer (remise), the assignment 
(cession) or the pledge (nantissement) of home loans receivables referred to in article L. 513-
29-II of the French Monetary and Financial Code, pursuant to and in accordance with the 
provisions of articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40 or articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, regardless of the commercial nature of such receivables; 
(b) 
to acquire promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by any credit institution, pursuant to and 
in accordance with the provisions of articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code and which, as an exception to article L.313-42 of the same code, are 
issued in order to refinance home loans receivables referred to in article L. 513-29-II of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(c) 
to grant home loans referred to in article L. 513-29-II of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. 
In order to finance the above-mentioned operations, the Issuer may issue obligations de financement 
de l'habitat, benefiting from the privilege defined in article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and raise other funds, under issue or subscription contract referring to the privilege. 
The Issuer may also fund the above-mentioned activities by: 
(a) 
issuing bonds or other sources or financing that do not benefit from the privilege defined in 
article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
the issuance of promissory notes (billets à ordre), pursuant to and in accordance with articles 
L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 which, as an exception to article L. 313-42 of the same code, are issued 
in order to refinance home loan receivables referred to in II of article L. 513-29 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(c) 
notwithstanding any legislative or contractual provision to the contrary, repurchase 
transactions (cessions temporaires de titres) of its securities in accordance with the provisions 
of articles L. 211-22 to L. 211-34 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the pledge of a 
securities account as defined in article L. 211-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and the transfer of all or part of the receivables that it holds in accordance with articles L. 211-
36 to L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or with articles L. 313-23 to L. 
313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, regardless of the commercial nature of 
such receivables. 
More generally, the Issuer may perform any ancillary activities relating to its business or for the purpose 
of achieving its corporate purpose, as long as these activities comply with the corporate purpose of 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat as it is defined in legal and mandatory legislation applying to their 
activities. 
For a description of the legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat, see the 
section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat". 
As part of the Programme, the Issuer will use the proceeds from the issuance of Notes to fund advances

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Noteholders
AXA Home Loan SFH 
(Issuer)
AXA Banque 
(Borrower)
Cover pool of eligible assets
Loans granted under the 
Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement
Transfer of full title by 
way of security (remise 
en pleine propriété à titre 
de garantie) of Eligible 
Assets as Collateral 
Security under the 
Collateral Security 
Agreement
AXA Banque (Services 
Provider, Management and 
Recovery Agent, Issuer Cash 
Accounts Bank and Issuer 
Securities Accounts Bank)
BNP Paribas Securities Services (Fiscal 
Agent, Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent)
Proceeds of the 
subscription of the 
Notes
Payment of principal 
and interests under 
the Notes
Payment of principal and 
interests under the loans
which shall be made available to AXA Banque S.A. pursuant to the terms of the Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Security Agreement, in order to secure its financial obligations 
towards the Issuer under the Finance Documents, AXA Banque S.A. will transfer by way of security the 
full title of home loans receivables complying with the provisions of article L. 513-29-II of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and other eligible assets within the meaning of the French legal framework 
applicable to sociétés de financement de l’habitat to the benefit of the Issuer pursuant to articles L. 211-
36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to 
be rated AAA by the Rating Agencies. 
The following diagram illustrates the business overview of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For information regarding the agreements entered into by the Issuer, at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
see the section entitled "Relationship between AXA Home Loan SFH and AXA Banque". 
Subsidiaries 
Pursuant to article L. 513-29-IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer is not entitled to 
hold any equity interest (participations) in any entity. 
Outstanding Notes 
As at 31 December 2020, the total amount of outstanding Notes was €3,250,000,000. Since 31 
December 2020, the Issuer has issued €250,000,000 of Notes, bringing the total amount of outstanding 
Notes to €3,500,000,000 as at 27 April 2021.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
Eligible Assets 
An "Eligible Asset" under the Collateral Security Agreement means any home loan receivable that 
complies (or whose underlying home loan complies) with the home loan eligibility criteria and with the 
requirements of the SFH Legal Framework.  
As of 31 December 2020, Collateral Security Assets totalled €3,737,560,848, and consisted of 25,629 
loans with an average loan balance of €145,833.27, a weighted average loan to value ratio of 63.67%, 
an average seasoning of 40 months and a weighted average remaining term of 202 months. As of 31 
December 2020, approximately 74.5% of the Home Loans (in value) underlying the Collateral Security 
Assets were owner occupied Home Loans, and the remainder were non-owner occupied (buy to let) and 
vacation or second Home Loans.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Home Loans underlying the Collateral Security Assets only 
include fixed rate loans denominated in Euro with a guarantee by Crédit Logement, an independent 
home loan guarantee company licensed as a French société de financement.  
Cover ratio  
As of 31 March 2021, the cover ratio (ratio de couverture) of the Issuer was at 113.8%. 
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer is run by a board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
The Issuer's board of directors (conseil d'administration), which at the date of this Base Prospectus 
comprises four (4) members, has full powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within 
the limits set by its internal rules and the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer and subject to the powers 
expressly conferred by the French Commercial Code on shareholders in general meetings. 
The chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) organises and directs the 
work of the board of directors, of which he shall give an account at the shareholders' meetings, ensures 
that the governing bodies of the Issuer operate properly, and that the directors are able to perform their 
duties. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the chairperson of the board of directors (président du conseil 
d'administration) is Marie-Cécile PLESSIX. 
The management of the Issuer consists in the general management committee (comité de direction 
générale) which is composed of: 
(a) 
the chief executive officer (directeur général) who is vested with the broadest powers to act in 
all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits of the corporate purpose, and subject 
to the powers expressly attributed by law to shareholders' meetings and the special powers of 
the board of directors. He represents the Issuer in its relationships with third parties. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the chief executive officer (directeur général) is Bruno 
CHARLIN. Bruno CHARLIN is also Head of Management Control, Refinancing, Treasury and 
ALM of AXA Banque S.A.. 
(b) the deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) is Thibault RATOUIS. 
Thibault RATOUIS is also Head of Treasury Funding Management of AXA Banque S.A. 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to it by the members of

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
the general management committee (comité de direction générale) and their private interests. 
Names, business address and functions of the members of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) and principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Business Address 
Function 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Marie-Cécile PLESSIX 
203-205, rue Carnot - 
94138 
Fontenay-sous-
Bois Cedex, France 
Director (administrateur) 
and Chairman of the 
board of directors 
Chief Executive Officer 
(directeur général) – AXA 
Banque 
Chairman of the board 
(président 
du 
conseil 
d’administration) – AXA 
Banque Financement 
President (président) – 
Société 
Immobilière 
Carnot 203 S.A.S. 
Director (administrateur) 
– AXA Bank Europe SCF 
Director (administrateur) 
– AXA Bank Belgium S.A. 
Director (administrateur) 
– Avanssur 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
committee 
(comité de surveillance) – 
Drouot Estate S.à r.l. 
AXA FRANCE VIE S.A. 
represented 
by: 
Zoé 
FORMERY 
313 Terrasses de l’Arche 
– 92727 Nanterre cedex, 
France 
Director (administrateur) 
Head of financial risk 
management 
– 
AXA 
France 
Director (administrateur) 
– 
AXA 
Banque 
Financement 
AXA 
BANK 
BELGIUM 
represented by: Philippe 
COLPIN 
Place du Trône, 1 – 1000 
Bruxelles 
Director (administrateur) 
Director (administrateur) 
– AXA Bank Europe SCF 
President (président) – 
ASBL LA MUESER 
AXA S.A. represented by: 
Mehdi BRIBECH 
25 avenue Matignon – 
75008 Paris, France 
Director (administrateur) 
Group Treasurer – G.I.E. 
AXA 
Directeur (administrateur)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
– AXA Bank Europe SCF 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to it by the members of 
the board of directors (membres du conseil d'administration) and their private interests. 
Control of the Issuer 
The Issuer has appointed PricewaterHouseCoopers Audit as statutory auditor (commissaires aux 
comptes) on 4 March 2019 and Mazars as joint statutory auditors (commissaires aux comptes) on 4 
March 2019. 
The Issuer has also appointed, in accordance with articles L. 513-23, L. 513-24 and L. 513-32 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, Cailliau Dedouit et Associés as specific controller (contrôleur 
spécifique) and Rémi Savournin as substitute specific controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant). 
The board of directors (conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has set up an audit committee in 
accordance with the provisions of the French Commercial Code and the French Monetary and Financial 
Code in order to assist the board of directors in any matter relating to (a) the financial statements and 
the financial information of the Issuer, (b) the monitoring of the risks of the Issuer, (c) the internal audit 
of the Issuer and (d) the nominations of the Issuer. 
The general management committee (comité de direction générale) will be assisted by: 
(a) 
a commitment committee (comité des engagements) in any matter relating to the ALM policy of 
the Issuer; and 
(b) 
a risk, compliance and internal control committee (comité risques, conformité et contrôle interne) 
in charge of the implementation of the internal control of the Issuer. 
The management of the Issuer can thus be summarised by the following chart: 
 
 
 
Staff 
The Issuer has no employees. In this respect, the Issuer relies on AXA Banque for:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(a) 
providing the Issuer with certain services in connection with the administrative, logistic, tax, 
accounting and regulatory treatment, the internal control and the legal assistance of the Issuer 
pursuant to an outsourcing and assistance agreement (convention d’externalisation et de 
fournitures de services) (the “Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement”); 
(b) 
the management and servicing referred to in article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code in accordance with a management and servicing agreement (convention de 
gestion et de recouvrement) (the “Management and Servicing Agreement”); 
(c) 
the origination and the servicing of the home loans transferred by way of security to the benefit 
of the Issuer pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement; and 
(d) 
the opening and operating of certain of its bank accounts in accordance with an issuer accounts 
agreement and an issuer securities accounts agreement. 
For information regarding the agreements entered into between the Issuer and AXA Banque S.A., at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, see the section entitled "Relationship between AXA Home Loan SFH and 
AXA Banque". 
Membership of professional organization 
The Issuer is member of Association Française des Sociétés Financières, 24, avenue de la Grande 
Armée – 75584 Paris cedex 17. 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French companies.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issues of the Notes will be used for financing or refinancing the granting of loans 
under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement. 
See the sections entitled "Description of the Issuer – Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview" 
and "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat".

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to the section entitled "Relationship between AXA Home Loan SFH and AXA Banque".

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN AXA HOME LOAN SFH AND AXA BANQUE 
On or about the date of this Base Prospectus, the main contracts entered into between the Issuer 
and AXA Banque are as follows: 
(a) 
the outsourcing and assistance agreement (convention d'externalisation et de fourniture 
de services): the Issuer having no employees and own ressources, it has entered into an 
outsourcing and services agreement (the "Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement") 
setting out the conditions under which AXA Banque, in its capacity as services provider 
(the “Services Provider”) shall provide services for the fulfilment of the regulatory 
obligations of the Issuer in its capacity as specialized credit institution (établissement de 
crédit spécialisé) subject to the laws and regulations governing sociétés de financement 
de l’habitat. The outsourced activities include, in particular, the accounting supervision 
(including regulatory reporting), the legal, tax, corporate and administrative assistance, 
the risks control, the permanent control and the periodic control; 
(b) 
the management and servicing agreement (convention de gestion et de recouvrement), 
pursuant to which AXA Banque, in its capacity as management and recovery agent (the 
"Management and Recovery Agent") shall carry out, in accordance with article L. 513-
15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the administration and recovery of the 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer and shall provide financial management and ALM 
management of the Issuer (the "Management and Servicing Agreement"); 
(c) 
the uncommitted multicurrency term facility agreement setting out the terms and 
conditions according to which the Issuer, in its capacity as lender (the “Lender”) may use 
the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to make loans available to AXA Banque, in 
its capacity as borrower (the “Borrower”) in an aggregate maximum amount equal to 
€10,000,000,000 (the "Uncommitted Facility Agreement”). The Uncommitted Facility 
Agreement is drafted on the basis of the Loan Market Association French law 
multicurrency term and revolving facilities agreement and contains usual and customary 
clauses for this type of financing; 
(d) 
the collateral security agreement (the "Collateral Security Agreement” and, together 
with the Uncommitted Facility Agreement, the “Finance Documents”)) pursuant to which 
AXA Banque shall, as security to its financial obligations towards the Issuer under the 
Finance Documents: 
(i) 
transfer by way of security the full title (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) 
of home loans receivables complying with the provisions of article L. 513-29 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code and other eligible assets within the meaning 
of the French legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat 
(the "Collateral Security Assets”) to the benefit of the Issuer pursuant to articles 
L. 211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, for an amount which 
shall comply with the Asset Cover Ratio;  
Principles of the Asset Cover Ratio: 
In addition to the statutory cover ratio which the Issuer is required to comply with as 
a société de financement de l'habitat (see the section entitled "Overview of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"), and for 
so long as no Event of Default under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement has 
occurred and the Collateral Security has not been enforced, the Borrower as 
calculation agent (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent") shall be required to

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
perform on each Asset Cover Test Date an asset cover test (the "Asset Cover Test") 
in order to verify that the value of the eligible assets granted as Collateral Security 
is at least equal to the minimum legal percentage set out in article R. 513-8 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (i.e. 105%) plus 
a contractual buffer percentage of the aggregate outstanding amount of the Loans 
made available under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement (the "Asset Cover 
Ratio"). 
For such purposes: 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means until (but excluding) the date of the occurrence of 
an Event of Default under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement: 
(a) 
each day falling two (2) Business Days prior to each Drawdown Date 
(including the Commencement Date);  
(b) 
the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of each calendar month which occurs after 
the Commencement Date (the “Monthly Asset Cover Test Date”); and 
(c) 
any other date agreed from time to time between the Borrower, the Lender 
and the Calculation Agent (the “Specific Asset Cover Test Date”) 
"Commencement Date" means the date upon which the first Loan shall have been 
made available by the Lender to the Borrower subject to, and in accordance with, 
the terms of the Facility Agreement. The Commencement Date shall be the first 
Drawdown Date. 
"Drawdown Date" means, in respect of a Loan, the date on which that Loan is made 
available by the Lender to the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement. The first Drawdown Date shall be the 
Commencement Date. 
It being specified that where an action is expressed to be performed in the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement or the Collateral Security Agreement on a date 
which is not a Business Day, such date shall be postponed to the next following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day. 
If on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Test is not complied with, this 
event shall constitute a "Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test”. A Non-
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test will not constitute an Event of Default under 
the Uncommitted Facility Agreement. However, pursuant to the Facility Agreement 
for so long as the Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test persists, the Lender 
is not entitled to make available any Loan to the Borrower under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement. 
If the Borrower has not cured the Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test prior 
to the next following Monthly Asset Cover Test Date, such failure shall constitute a 
"Breach of the Asset Cover Test” and an Event of Default under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement. 
and 
(ii) if applicable:

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(A) 
transfer pursuant to articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) into the credit of the 
Collection Loss Reserve Account an amount (gage-espèces) equal to the 
applicable Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount (the “Collection Loss 
Reserve”) within: 
(1) 
sixty (60) calendar days from the occurrence of a S&P Collection 
Loss Rating Downgrade Event only; or 
(2) 
fourteen (14) calendar days from the occurrence of (i) a Fitch 
Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event only or (ii) both a S&P 
Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event and a Fitch Collection 
Loss Rating Downgrade Event; and 
(B) 
adjust the amount standing to the Collection Loss Reserve Account up to 
the applicable Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount within: 
(1) 
thirty (30) calendar days following each Asset Cover Test Date 
for so long as a S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event is 
continuing (provided that no Fitch Collection Loss Rating 
Downgrade Event has occurred); or 
(2) 
fourteen (14) calendar days following each Asset Cover Test 
Date for so long as (i) a Fitch Collection Loss Rating Downgrade 
Event only is continuing or (ii) both a S&P Collection Loss Rating 
Downgrade Event and a Fitch Collection Loss Rating Downgrade 
Event are continuing. 
Failure by AXA Banque to (i) fund the Collection Loss Reserve Account up to the 
applicable Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount within the applicable required 
period following the occurrence of a Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event or (ii) 
adjust, as long as a Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event is continuing, the 
amount standing into the credit of the Collection Loss Reserve Account up to the 
applicable Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount within the applicable required 
period following each date on which the Asset Cover Test is performed shall 
constitute a “Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement”) which 
is an event of default under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement. 
"Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event" means: 
(a) 
a S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event; or 
(b) 
a Fitch Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event. 
“Collection Loss Reserve Account” means the bank account to be opened in the 
Issuer's name and in the books of an Eligible Bank for the purpose of funding the 
Collection Loss Reserve. 
"Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount" means: 
(a) 
if a Fitch Level 1 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event has occurred and 
provided that no S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event and no Fitch 
Level 2 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event have occurred, the 
aggregate amount of interest, fees, costs, expenses, taxes and other ancillary 
sums (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any principal amount) scheduled 
to be paid by the Issuer within the three next coming months following the 
occurrence of such Fitch Level 1 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event or,

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
as applicable, the relevant Asset Cover Test Date; or 
(b) 
if a S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event has occurred and provided 
that no Fitch Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event has occurred, the 
aggregate amount of collections (interest and principal) received directly on 
its accounts by the Borrower under the home loan receivables granted as 
Collateral Security during the three and half calendar months preceding the 
occurrence of such S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event or, as 
applicable, the relevant Asset Cover Test Date; or 
(c) 
if a Fitch Level 2 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event has occurred or if 
both a S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event and a Fitch Collection 
Loss Rating Downgrade Event have occurred, the greater of: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of collections (interest and principal) received 
directly on its accounts by the Borrower under the home loan 
receivables granted as Collateral Security during the three and half 
calendar months preceding the occurrence of such Collection Loss 
Rating Downgrade Event or, as applicable, the relevant Asset Cover 
Test Date; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of interest, fees, costs, expenses, taxes and 
other ancillary sums (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any principal 
amount) scheduled to be paid by the Issuer within the three next coming 
months following the occurrence of such Collection Loss Rating 
Downgrade Event or, as applicable, the relevant Asset Cover Test 
Date. 
“Eligible Bank” means: 
(a) 
a credit institution: 
(i) 
having the Requisite Rating; or 
(ii) 
if downgraded below the Requisite Rating and subject to prior 
notification to the Rating Agencies, having obtained within sixty (60) 
calendar days of the occurrence of such downgrade on terms 
acceptable to the Issuer (acting reasonably) a guarantee from a 
financial institution having: 
(1) for so long as S&P is a Rating Agency, a credit rating of at least A 
(long-term) by S&P; and 
(2) for so long as Fitch is a Rating Agency: 
 a long-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of at least A- by Fitch; or 
 a short-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of at least F1 by Fitch, 
or any other rating levels as may be required by law and regulations 
applicable to sociétés de financement de l’habitat; or 
(b) 
the central bank of a Member State of the European Union complying with the 
criteria set out in sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph (1) of article 416 of the CRR 
Regulation.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
“Fitch Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event” means the occurrence of any of 
the following events: 
(a) 
the Fitch Level 1 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event; or 
(b) 
the Fitch Level 2 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event. 
“Fitch Level 1 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event” means the event in 
which: 
(a) 
the long-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of the Borrower is downgraded below 
A-; and 
(b) 
the short-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of the Borrower is downgraded below 
F1, 
by Fitch (for so long as Fitch is a Rating Agency) or any other rating levels as may 
be required by law and regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de l’habitat.  
“Fitch Level 2 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event” means the event in 
which: 
(a) 
the long-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of the Borrower is downgraded below 
BBB; and 
(b) 
the short-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of the Borrower is downgraded below 
F2, 
by Fitch (for so long as Fitch is a Rating Agency) or any other rating levels as may 
be required by law and regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de l’habitat.  
“Requisite Rating” means: 
(a) 
for so long as S&P is a Rating Agency, a credit rating of at least A (long-term) 
by S&P;  
(b) 
for so long as Fitch is a Rating Agency: 
(i) 
a long-term Deposit Rating of at least A- or, in the absence of long-term 
Deposit Rating, a long-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of at least A- by 
Fitch; or 
(ii) 
a short-term Deposit Rating of at least F1 or, in the absence of short-
term Deposit Rating, a short-term Issuer Default Rate (IDR) of at least 
F1 by Fitch, 
or any other rating levels as may be required by law and regulations applicable to 
sociétés de financement de l’habitat. 
“S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event” means the downgrading of the 
credit rating of the Borrower below A (long-term) by S&P (for so long as S&P is a 
Rating Agency) or any other rating levels as may be required by law and regulations 
applicable to sociétés de financement de l’habitat.  
(e) 
the issuer cash accounts agreement (the "Issuer Cash Accounts Agreement”) setting 
out the terms and conditions according to which AXA Banque shall open, maintain and 
operate the cash bank accounts of the Issuer; and 
(f) 
the Issuer securities accounts agreement (the “Issuer Securities Accounts 
Agreement”) setting out the terms and conditions according to which AXA Banque shall

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
open, maintain and operate the securities accounts of the Issuer and their related cash 
proceeds accounts.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions"). In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions together with the 
relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions as so completed (in each case 
subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References below to Conditions are, unless the context 
requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by AXA Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price 
thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms") in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of the agency agreement dated 5 May 2021, as amended from time 
to time (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent 
and principal paying agent and the other agents named therein. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and 
the calculation agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", 
the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
The holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and 
for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the 
principal is redeemable in instalments, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the "Talons") 
for further Coupons are respectively referred to below as the "Couponholders" and the 
“Receiptholders”. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated market situated 
in a member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, "MiFID II"), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority. 
Copies of the Final Terms applicable to a series of Notes may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, 
from the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
1 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination  
(a)  
Form 
The Notes will be obligations de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of article L. 513-
30-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with articles L. 211-3 et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to article R. 211-7 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised 
Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au 
porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder either in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account 
Holder designated by the relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in 
the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Materialised Notes") are numbered serially and are issued with Coupons 
(and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
In accordance with articles L. 211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form 
and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more 
clearing system(s) other than, or in addition to, Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes", “Floating/Fixed Rate Notes”, "Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating/Floating 
Rate Notes", “Zero Coupon Notes”, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption 
method specified in these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)"), save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will 
be, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the amount in such currency 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue proceeds are 
to be accepted in the United Kingdom will constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"), unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes of the same Series shall be issued in one Specified Denomination 
only.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title 
to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Coupons, Receipt(s) 
and/or a Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of 
any Note (as defined below), Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be, and may 
be treated as, its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) In these Conditions, 
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the 
relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being 
entitled to such Notes, and (b) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of 
any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating to it. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, on any date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon, Receipt 
or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 and 
on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes 
are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended from time to time) or events have occurred which have substantially 
the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and 
adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms accordingly. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be 
referred to in these Conditions as the "Redenomination Date". 
2 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall 
be made in accordance with article R. 211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(b) Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
In accordance with article L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
securities (including the Notes) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
3 
Status 
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any Receipts and/or Coupons relating 
to them, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
4, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and will rank, pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future notes (including the Notes 
of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the privilège (priority right 
of payment) (the "Privilège") created by article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
as described in Condition 4. 
4 
Privilège 
(a) 
The Notes benefit from the Privilège created by article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. 
(b) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the 
French Commercial Code), pursuant to articles L. 513-11 and L. 513-30-I of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code: 
(i) 
the sums deriving from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and securities eligible 
to the assets of a société de financement de l'habitat in the meaning of articles L. 513-28 
and L. 513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and forward financial 
instruments referred to in article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in 
each case after any applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits 
made by the Issuer with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of 
obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the Notes, and any other resources raised 
by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège. It should be noted that it is not solely Notes 
that benefit from the Privilège, other resources raised by the Issuer pursuant to any 
agreement, document purporting to inform the public within the meaning of article L. 412-
1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or any other equivalent document required 
in connection with the admission to trading on a Regulated Market located outside France 
referring to the Privilège and forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) 
used for hedging under the conditions of article L. 513-10 of French Monetary and 
Financial Code, as well as some ancillary expenses and the sums, if any, due under the 
contract provided for in article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code may 
also benefit from the Privilège; 
(ii) in case of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, all 
amounts due regularly under obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the Notes, 
and any other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid on their contractual due 
date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred, including interest resulting 
from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors (including the 
Noteholders) benefiting from the Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the 
Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer; and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
(iii) the judicial liquidation of the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of 
obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the applicable Final Terms which shall be either 
EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR or EUR CMS or any other reference rate that might replace them 
or any other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open to public 
for general business to the public in Paris and on the which Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor thereto) is 
open for business (a "TARGET2 Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from, and including, the first day of such period to, but excluding, the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period, the" Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act", "Act/Act-ISDA" or "Actual/365-FBF" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 
366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration 
of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period; and 
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set 
out in the first paragraph of this definition; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
which it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins, divided by the product of (1) the number 
of calendar days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ଵ
ଷ଺଴ [[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1) ] + (D2 - D1)] 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 
and whose numerator is the number of calendar days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, 
subject to the following exception: 
where the last calendar day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first calendar day 
is neither the 30th nor the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed 
to be a month of thirty-one (31) calendar days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30,31) 
then: 
ଵ
ଷ଺଴ [(yy2-yy1) 360 + (mm2-mm1) 30dd + (dd2-dd1)] 
Or 
ଵ
ଷ଺଴ [(yy2-yy1) 360 + (mm2-mm1) 30 + Min (dd2, 30) – Min (dd1, 30)] 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ଵ
ଷ଺଴ x [[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, 
the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of calendar days 
elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months 
of thirty (30) calendar days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, the number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number 
of calendar days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
the fraction is: 
ଵ
ଷ଺଴ [(yy2-yy1) 360 + (mm2-mm1) 30 + Min (dd2, 30) – Min (dd1, 30)] 
(x) 
if "30E/360-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
ଵ
ଷ଺଴ x [[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that calendar day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2d" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last calendar 
day of February but not the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any floating rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the first calendar day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or will adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended from time to time. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française as amended from time to time 
(together the "FBF Master Agreement"), in their amended and updated version applicable as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable for an Interest Period, and in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or 
such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the Business Day 
falling two (2) TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first Business Day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the Business Day falling two (2) Business Days in the city 
specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first calendar day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as 
at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series.  
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant 
Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
“Primary Source” means, with respect to any Floating Rate, the source used to determine the 
relevant floating rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means: 
(1) 
in relation to EURIBOR, the four (4) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) of Paris; and!euer 
(2) 
in relation to EUR CMS, the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of 
Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given 
to the holders of such Materialised Notes when, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre 
as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre 
with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, €STR 
or EUR CMS shall be the Euro Zone and in case of the SONIA shall be London) or, if none is so

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for 
a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in 
respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro Zone as a Relevant 
Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears (except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
"Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the "Following Business Day 
Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, or (D) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an 
"unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the 
application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in (i) the relevant 
Final Terms and (ii) the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(A) FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
(Echange) in the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and 
"Date de Determination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given 
to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which 
shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the period of time 
of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time of next longer 
length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity for which rates are available 
were the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
 
(1) EURIBOR 
Where EURIBOR is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a composite 
quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(ii) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page or the Page is not 
available at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Page 
or the Page is not available at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference 
Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates 
(being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks selected 
by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro Zone as 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at 
or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period 
equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in 
Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business 
in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date 
(after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(2) €STR 
 
Where €STR is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro 
short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 2 Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such TARGET 2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET 2 Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank. 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 2 Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET 2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR. 
 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes. 
 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the provisions of this paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6) below shall apply. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
"do" for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of TARGET 2 Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended 
from time to time; 
 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European 
Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the 
Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
 
a) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET 2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 2 Business Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
 
b) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each 
of the 30 TARGET 2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro 
area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as 
defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-
term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at 
or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET 2 
Business Day immediately following such TARGET 2 Business Day; 
 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET 2 Business Day falling “p” TARGET 2 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i”; 
 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
continue to provide €STR; or 
 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
 
"€STR Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 2 Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
 
"ni" for any TARGET 2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
"Observation Period" means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET 2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); 
 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 2 Business 
Days included in the €STR Observation Look-Back Period; and 
 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European Central 
Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any successor 
source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(3) EUR CMS 
Where EUR CMS (Constant Maturity Swap) is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final 
Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per 
annum) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap 
rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the relevant Page, being Reuters page 
“ISDAFIX2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11:00 a.m. Frankfurt time, in the 
case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate 11:00 a.m. on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding, anything to the contrary in this Condition 5, in the event that the EUR 
CMS does not appear on the relevant Page, the Calculation Agent shall determine on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of five 
Reference Banks (to be selected by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer) for EUR CMS 
relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the relevant mid-market swap rate 
commencing two TARGET2 Business Days following the relevant Interest Determination 
Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and/or 
lowest) quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the Relevant Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures with halves being rounded up) of such provided 
quotations. 
 
If, for any reason, in particular further to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in respect of Floating Rate Notes the Final Terms of which specify EUR CMS as the 
Benchmark, the EUR CMS is no longer published or if fewer than three quotations are 
provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, it will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a 
commercial and reasonable manner. If the provisions of this paragraph fail to provide a 
means of determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6) below shall apply. 
(4) SONIA  
Where SONIA is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be calculated 
in accordance with the provisions below. 
(a) Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest, for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Weighted 
Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(c) The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula:  
 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
"do" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period 
end date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
 
“London Business Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period where "Lag" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five (5) 
London Business Days); 
 
“ni”, for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” 
up to but excluding the following London Business Day; 
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling p London Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date which is p London Business Days 
prior to the Interest Period end date falling at the end of such Interest Period ; 
 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period that 
is not a London Business Day falling in the Lockout Period;  
 
“SONIAi” in respect of any London Business Day i: 
(x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London Business Day i; or 
(y) if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) in respect of any London Business Day i that is a Reference Day, the SONIA Rate 
in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
otherwise 
(2) the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding 
the Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period; 
 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
(x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London Business Day 
falling p London Business Days prior to such London Business Day i ("pLBD"); or 
(y) if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such London Business 
Day i. 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Business Day, as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Business Day immediately 
following such London Business Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period divided by the number of calendar days during such 
Observation Lookback Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any 
calendar day which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA 
Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
or 
(y) where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant 
Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided that, for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period 
for the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be deemed 
to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding 
the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect 
of any calendar day which is not a London Business Day shall, subject to the preceding 
proviso, be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(d) If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
(x) (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at the close of 
business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the 
spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(y) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the 
immediately preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), and 
(z) such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance  
as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow such guidance to determine the SONIA 
Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relation to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (subject to the application of the relevant Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period). 
If the provisions of this paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6) below shall apply. 
(5) SOFR  
 
Where SOFR is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period is to be determined as 
follows: 
 
(a) if “SOFR Arithmetic Mean” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and including) 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
(excluded); 
 
(b) if “SOFR Lookback Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
 
(c) if “SOFR Shift Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest of each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); or 
 
(d) if “SOFR Index Average” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
 
For the purposes of calculating SOFR Index Average, subject to the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any 
relevant Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” 
shall be calculated, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, on any 
Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, in accordance with the 
“USD-SOFRSHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean two 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days. 
 
Benchmark Transition Event

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
If the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of all determinations on such date 
and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any further subsequent 
operation of this provision in respect of such replacement benchmark). 
 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(SOFR), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation 
Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, acting in good 
faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(5)(SOFR): 
 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:  
 
 
Where: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
 
“SOFRi” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, SOFRi for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
 “USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in 
respect of this U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi. 
 “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” means the rate of return of a compound interest 
investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
Where:  
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) day in relation to which the 
SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s website 
at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of 
the relevant Interest Period (an “Index Determination Date”); 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date). 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Calculation Agent or the SOFR 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR or 
the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Replacement; 
 “Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order presented in 
clause (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or 
the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent, as applicable, as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
 
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent, as applicable, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the definitions of “Interest Period”, the timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or the 
SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, decides that the adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as applicable, determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent, 
as applicable, determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof, where applicable): 
 
(i) in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark 
 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant); or 
 
(ii) in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
provided that, in the event of any public statement or publication of information as 
referenced in (i) or (ii) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such 
a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than three (3) months 
after the relevant public statement or publication, the Benchmark Transition Event 
shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months prior to such specified 
date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof, if relevant): 
 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or 
 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of 
the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or 
 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), announcing 
that either the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) (i) is no longer 
representative, (ii) has been or will be prohibited from being used or (iii) its use has 
been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the relevant Notes. 
 “Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
 “Interest Payment Date” means each date designated as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 “ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor; 
 “ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 “ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
 “Margin” means the margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 “NY Federal Reserve’s website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (the NY Federal Reserve), currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of the 
SOFR; 
 “Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent, as applicable, after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
 “Relevant Governmental Body” means Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
 “Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” or any 
successor page or service; 
 “SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
 
(i) the secured overnight financing rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears at the SOFR Determination Time, as such 
rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the secured overnight 
financing rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate 
is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the secured overnight financing 
rate published on the NY Federal Reserve’s website for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s website; or 
 
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred,  
 
(X) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustement, or 
 
(Y) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, or 
 
(Z) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent or the SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
NY Federal Reserve’s website on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
 
“SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent” means the agent appointed by the 
Issuer in the event a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date 
occur. The SOFR Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a 
broker-dealer in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (which may 
include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) or (ii) an independent 
financial adviser; 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(6) Benchmark discontinuation  
If, at any time prior to or on any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate (other than €STR, SONIA, SOFR, except for €STR as otherwise 
provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(2) and for SONIA as otherwise provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(4)) at any time when the Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallbacks specified 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(1), 5(c)(iii)(C)(2), 5(c)(iii)(C)(3) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(4): 
 
(1) 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonnably practicable (and in any event prior 
to the next following Interest Determination Date (up until which time 
paragraph 5 below will apply) appoint an independent agent (the 
“Relevant Rate Determination Agent”) that shall determine, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner whether, for the 
purposes of determining the Relevant Rate on each following Interest 
Determination Date, a Successor Rate or failing which, an Alternative 
Rate is available. If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines 
that there is an industry-accepted Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent will use such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to determine the Relevant Rate (such rate, the 
“Replacement Relevant Rate”). The Relevant Rate Determination Agent 
may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers 
involved in the issue of the Notes) or (ii) an independent financial adviser. 
The Replacement Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this 
paragraph 1 shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of manifest 
error, bad faith or fraud, the Replacement Determination Agent shall have

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(6);  
(2) 
if the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement 
Relevant Rate in accordance with the foregoing, the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine concomitant changes (if any) to 
the Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, the Adjustment Spread and 
any method for obtaining the Replacement Relevant Rate, and such other 
changes or adjustments necessary to make such Replacement Relevant 
Rate as comparable as possible to the Relevant Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Relevant Rate and such guidance promulgated by 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international financial and/or debt capital markets as the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent may consider relevant for such 
Replacement Relevant Rate; 
(3) 
references to the “Relevant Rate” in these Conditions will thenceforth be 
deemed to be references to the Replacement Relevant Rate, including 
any concomitant changes and adjustments determined in accordance with 
paragraph (2) above. The determination of the Replacement Relevant 
Rate and such concomitant changes and adjustments by the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Noteholders and any other person and each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have accepted the Replacement Relevant Rate and such related 
changes and adjustments pursuant to this paragraph (3), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders ; 
(4) 
as soon as reasonnably practicable, the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing and the Issuer will give notice 
to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices)) and the 
Fiscal Agent specifying the Replacement Relevant Rate, as well as the 
concomitant changes and adjustments determined in accordance with 
paragraph (2) above;  
(5) 
if the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent has determined that 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, and for any reason a 
Replacement Relevant Rate has not been or cannot be determined on or 
prior to the next following Interest Determination Date or if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint a Relevant Rate Determination Agent, then the Issuer 
may re-appoint a Relevant Rate Determination Agent (which may or may 
not be the same entity as the original Relevant Rate Determination Agent) 
for the purpose of determining the Replacement Relevant Rate on or prior 
to the next following Interest Determination Date in an identical manner 
as above. If none of the Reference Relevant Determination Agents were 
able to or otherwise did not determine a substitute Replacement Relevant 
Rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date, then no 
Replacement Relevant Rate will be adopted, and in such case, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period); and 
(6) 
if, following the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Replacement Relevant Rate is 
determined pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6), the fallbacks for the 
Original Reference Rate specified in this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6), namely 
the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date will continue to apply to such determination. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(6), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a 
Replacement Relevant Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or any changes or adjustments necessary to 
make such Replacement Relevant Rate as comparable as possible to the 
Relevant Rate) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6) (and, until such determination and notification (if 
any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply in accordance with their terms). This may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in question. 
Where: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines and which is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if no recommendation required under the sub-paragraph (a) above has 
been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines and which is recognized or acknowledged 
as being a customary market usage in the international debt capital market 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as 
the case may be; or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, determines to be 
appropriate. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in relation to any Floating Rate Notes 
and a Benchmark, the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published or ceasing to exist; 
and/or  
(b) the later of (a) the making of a public statement by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a 
specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where, at that time, no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue the provision of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (b) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (ii)(a); and/or 
(c) the making of a public statement by the regulatory supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate has ceased to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(d) the later of (a) the making of a public statement or publication of information 
by the regulatory supervisor of the Original Reference Rate, the central bank 
for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference 
Rate, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate) and (b) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(a); and/or 
(e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months; 
and/or  
(f) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate (including,

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation, if applicable); and/or 
(g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted, 
provided that there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
such Original Reference Rate; and/or 
(h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the definition, methodology or formula or the relevant 
Benchmark, or other means of calculating the relevant Benchmark is changed, 
such changes will not constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event and 
references to that relevant Benchmark shall be to that relevant Benchmark as 
changed. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines in accordance with this Condition 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(6) and which is customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Floating Rate Notes. 
“Benchmark Regulation” means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (as may be amended from time to time). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Floating Rate Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar 
institution (as applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any other similar institution (as applicable) for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) a group of the aforementioned institutions or (iii) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Administrator/Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent will determine, among those successor or 
replacement rates, that one which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
the nature of the Issuer. 
(D)  Minimum Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes  
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
(E)   Linear Interpolation 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the applicable “Relevant Rate” specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Benchmark, one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate 
Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis (the "Change of 
Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes or Floating/Floating 
Rate Notes as the case may be will bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
at the Issuer's option, the Issuer may elect to convert on the switch date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date"): 
- 
from Fixed Rate (as defined in Condition 5(b) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
to Floating Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c) and specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
- 
from Floating Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c) and specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) to Fixed Rate (as defined in Condition 5(b) and specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), with respect to Floating/Fixed Rate Notes; 
- 
from Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate with respect to Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes; 
- 
from Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate with respect to Floating/Floating Rate 
Notes. 
It is specified that the Issuer election to Change of Interest Basis (the "Issuer Change of 
Interest Basis") shall be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the 
relevant Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) within the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. However, no Issuer Change of Interest Basis will apply if the Issuer does 
not send a valid notification to the relevant Noteholders as specified above and the Notes will 
bear interest at the rate applicable before the Switch Date; or 
(ii) automatically changes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate 
on the Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"), 
provided that, in any case, if the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment Date, the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Change of Interest Basis will apply either from (i) the Interest Period including the Switch Date 
or (ii) the Interest Period following the Switch Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Where a Note, the interest basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon in the applicable Final 
Terms, is repayable prior to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) 
pursuant to an Issuer’s option or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 
6(e) or otherwise and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be the Early Redemption Amount. As 
from the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(e)). 
(f) 
Accrual of interest: 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
 (g) Margin, Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest 
in the case of (x), or to the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum or Minimum Instalment Amount or 
Maximum or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth (1/100,000) of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven (7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) 
all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, "unit" means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day 
Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts. 
The Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable on such date as it may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination (as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms) of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, shall calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Minimum Redemption Amount, Maximum 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Minimum Instalment Amount or the Maximum 
Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Minimum Redemption Amount, Maximum Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Minimum Instalment Amount or Maximum Instalment Amount to be notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the holders of Notes, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange 
and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, such Regulated Market 
or other stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such Regulated Market or other stock exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other 
number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any 
Note is outstanding (as defined above). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is 
unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another 
Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such 
or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Minimum Redemption Amount, Maximum Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Minimum Instalment Amount or Maximum Instalment Amount as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and/or stock exchange and the rules of, or applicable to, that 
Regulated Market and/or stock exchange so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
that have been redeemed in full and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect 
of which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption 
monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes up to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (c) those which have become void or in respect 
of which claims have become prescribed under Condition 9, (d) those which have been purchased 
or subscribed and cancelled as provided in Condition 6(i), (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised 
Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how 
many such Definitive Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any 
other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and 
in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any 
Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions or which has become void in accordance 
with its terms. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below or unless its 
maturity is extended in accordance with the paragraph below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount or in the case of a Note 
falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount). 
Notes may have hard bullet maturities (not allowing the Maturity Date of the relevant Series to 
be extended) or soft bullet maturities (allowing the Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be 
extended), as specified in the Final Terms of the relevant Series. With respect to Series of 
Notes having a soft bullet maturity, an extended Maturity Date (the "Extended Maturity Date") 
shall be specified as applying in relation to such Series in the applicable Final Terms. This 
means that if the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series is not paid by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date, then payment of such Final Redemption Amount shall be automatically 
deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date as specified in the 
Final Terms of the relevant Series. However, any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified 
Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the Rate 
of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on each Specified Interest 
Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Note, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Note, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall 
remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified below) together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to this Condition shall be determined as specified below: 
Optional Redemption Amount = Y × Specified Denomination 
Where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of 
such Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to 
be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices and 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or stock exchange 
requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or 
(ii) by redeeming in full only some of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the 
choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those 
Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance 
with article R. 213-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated 
Market or stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules 
of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
permit, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) or (ii) in a leading financial newspaper 
with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading is located, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be 
Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the 
case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption 
but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar day’s notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date as defined in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercice Notice”) in the form obtained 
during normal business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case 
may be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall 
have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or 
cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying 
Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so 
exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption 
(i) Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6 (j) shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal 
amount of any such Note (the “Amortised Nominal Amount”) shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the amortization yield (which, if none is 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) (the “Amortisation Yield”) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(j) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due 
and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls 
on or after the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be), 
in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity 
Date, as the case may be) together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(j) shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall pay, together with such Final Redemption Amount, the 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties 
whatsoever, such Notes may not be redeemed early. 
(g) 
Subscriptions and purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe and purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or 
regulations. 
Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with and 
within the limits set out by articles L. 213-1 and D. 213-1 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, as amended from time to time. 
(h) 
Subscriptions of Notes to be pledged 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe for Notes for the purpose of pledging 
them (affecter en garantie) as collateral security in order to secure the credit transactions 
(opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the terms and conditions 
determined by the Banque de France for its monetary and intraday credit policy, if the Issuer 
is not able to cover its cash needs with the other means available to it, provided that: 
(i) 
the total amount of the Notes subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed ten (10) per cent. 
of the total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the 
Privilège as at the date of their subscription; 
(ii) the Notes are disentitled of their rights under articles L. 228-46 to L. 228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code as long as the Issuer holds them; 
(iii) the Notes are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within an 8-calendar day 
period starting from the date on which they are paid and delivered (otherwise, such Notes 
shall be cancelled by the Issuer at the end of such 8-calendar day period); and

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(iv) they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the Notes subscribed by the Issuer shall be cancelled within an 8-calendar day 
period starting from the date on which they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the Banque 
de France. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which have been subscribed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and which 
are to be cancelled will be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an 
account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive 
Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and all 
unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful 
for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under a Series of Notes, 
the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Series of Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be the Final Redemption Amount) together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made 
by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the holders of Notes, and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as 
defined below) designated by the relevant holder of Notes. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the 
Specified Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be any country in the Euro Zone, and, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only upon presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only upon presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payment of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes, 
other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Note in accordance with the 
preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Materialised Note to which it appertains. Receipts 
presented without the Definitive Materialised Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose 
include Coupons falling to be issued on the exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. 
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of five (5) years 
from the date on which such Coupon would have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable prior to its Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), unmatured 
Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the 
relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agent(s) with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation 
that such Paying Agent(s) would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in 
the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts, and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence for 
the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other laws, regulations and 
directives, in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus relating to 
the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as 
independent experts(s) and, in each case, does not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration Agent 
or the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration 
Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities and ensuring the financial servicing of 
the Notes free of charge to the Noteholders, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and, so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market, in such other city where the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, and (v) such 
other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the 
Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until (i) the next following business day or (ii) if 
"Modified Following" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the next following business day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding business day. The Noteholders shall not (i) be 
entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment or (ii) receive 
less interest in respect of such anticipated payment. In this paragraph, business day means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centre(s) in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, 
where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of 
a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET2 Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in Paris and the principal financial 
centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
the TARGET2 System. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having the power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If any French or foreign law or regulation should require that payments of principal, interest 
or of any other revenues in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or withholding in 
respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required 
to pay any additional amounts.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
9  
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within a period of 
ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 
Representation of Noteholders 
Subject to the provisions of the Condition 10 (i) (Full Masse) below with respect to Notes issued with 
a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the Noteholders will, 
in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of articles 
L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code as supplemented by this Condition 10. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders of the same 
Series (the "Collective Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative (if any) and its alternate (if any), will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in 
connection with its functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional 
remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative (if any) and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary and except 
as provided by paragraph 1 of Article L. 513-24 under the French Monetary and Financial 
Code) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the 
common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative, except that, should safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) be commenced against the Issuer, the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) 
would file the evidence of debt of all creditors (including the holders of the Notes) of the Issuer 
benefiting from the Privilège pursuant to Article L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
by consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of 
the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting 
has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) 
who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions 
of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat, except when the 
General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for a merger or demerger of the Issuer in 
the circumstances provided for under articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French 
Commercial Code, in which case the decision will be taken by a simple majority of votes 
held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 10(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior 
to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or 
by correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will 
be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
 
(ii) Written Decision 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code, at the initiative of the 
Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Decision 
in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i). Approval 
of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L. 228-46-1 of the French 
Commercial Code ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, 
have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. 
Such Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 13 not less than 15 calendar days 
prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision (the “Written Decision 
Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain the conditions of 
form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of 
their Notes until after the Written Decision Date. 
For the purpose hereof: 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of one or several Series 
of Notes in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the 
Notes of one several Series of Notes in respect of which a Written Decision has been, or 
is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes respectively; 
references to a “Written Decision” means a resolution in writing signed by the 
Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
References to a Written Decision include, unless the context otherwise requires, a 
resolution approved by Electronic Consent.  
(iii) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code 
The provisions of Article L. 228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Commercial Code and the 
related provisions of the French Commercial Code shall not apply to the Notes. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated 
that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such 
Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long 
as the Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective 
Decisions by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity 
and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), Condition 10 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications: 
(i) Condition 10(b) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
“The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration 
in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No 
additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given 
Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment 
of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. 
Another Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the 
Issuer.” 
(ii) The second paragraph of Condition 10(d)(i) shall be deleted and replaced by the following 
paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions 
of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat." 
(iii) Condition 10(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes. 
(iv) Except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 10(e) 
shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
11 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees 
and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the 
case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons, Receipts 
or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Notes, Coupons, Receipts or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées) with the Notes, provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical 
in all respects (or identical in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first 
payment of interest) and that the terms of such notes provide for such assimilation, and 
references in these Conditions to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld) of the Fiscal Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or 
after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series denominated in Euro 
with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one 
of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading 
daily financial newspaper of general circulation within Europe (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times), provided that, so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices 
shall be valid if published in a daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is 
located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, or as otherwise 
required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading financial newspaper of general circulation 
within Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in 
the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, or as 
otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or 
in bearer form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the 
mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13(a), (b) and (d); provided that so long as 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules 
applicable to that Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a daily 
financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on 
which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is/are located, which, in the case of 
Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the rules applicable 
to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading 
daily financial newspaper with general circulation within Europe, provided that, so long as such 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published 
as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided 
above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14 
No hardship 
The provisions of Article 1195 of the French Civil Code shall not apply to the Notes and no claim 
may be brought under Article 1195 of the French Civil Code. 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons, Receipts and Talons) are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons, Receipts or Talons may 
be brought before any competent court within the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF  
MATERIALISED NOTES  
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially 
be issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, and will be delivered on or prior to the 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and to Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary 
Global Certificate to a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes 
that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
"Summary of the programme"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those applying 
under Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive Materialised 
Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in 
respect of such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the 
extent that the certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification 
received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to 
collect any payment due thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described 
above, exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is 
improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" 
means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such 
Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and 
Receipts in respect of interest that have not already been paid in respect of the Temporary Global Certificate 
and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be securely printed in accordance with any applicable legal 
and stock exchange requirement.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, 
the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the 
event any further Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with such first mentioned Materialised 
Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 12, the Exchange Date may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of 
such further Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than 365 days (and that are not relying on 
the TEFRA C Rules of the TEFRA), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATION 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A  
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A  
REGULATED MARKET OR REGULATED MARKETS AND/OR OFFERED ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS 
IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [RETAIL INVESTORS, ]PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
[ONLY ]TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] EEA domiciled manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,/ and] professional clients[only/ 
and retail clients], each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate[; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[, and portfolio management]], non-advised sales 
and pure execution services – subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
                                                     
 
2 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients. 
3 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
distribution channels.]4 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [RETAIL INVESTORS, ]PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS [ONLY ]TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and ][only] 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]/[(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ nonadvised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] . Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable] .]5 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
AXA Home Loan SFH (Issuer)  
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500AIOJG7FHMDYZ30 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
[The following language applies only where a Non-exempt Offer is contemplated.] [Any person making or 
intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which the Issuer or any Dealer does not have to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to 
article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
                                                     
 
4 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 / alternative wording if the Notes are 
intended to be sold to retail clients. 
5 Legend to be included if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR and therefore are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the 
UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
(ii) 
in those Non-Exempt Jurisdictions (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 2), provided that such person 
is an Authorised Offeror (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 2) and that such offer is made during 
the Offer Period (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 2). 
Regarding any subsequent resale or final placing of the Notes as specified in paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus (as defined below), as completed by these Final Terms (as defined 
below) (together the "Prospectus") and assumes responsibility thereto. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances].

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 5 May 2021 which received approval No. 21-133 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 5 May 2021, together with any document incorporated by 
reference [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval No. [●] from the AMF 
on [●]], and which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the Issuer  
www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) [and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained]. A summary of the 
issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. [In addition6, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms 
are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) which are the [2019 Conditions] / [2020 Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the 
base prospectus dated 5 May 2021 which received approval No. 21-133 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 5 May 2021, together with any document incorporated by reference [and the 
supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval No. [●] from the AMF on [●]], and 
which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).] 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein (the 
"Notes") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the  [2019 
Conditions] / [2020 Conditions]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of section "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the [2019 Conditions] / [2020 Conditions]. The Base 
Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the Issuer 
www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at where copies may be obtained. A summary of 
the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. [In addition7, the Base Prospectus and these Final 
Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following language applies in case of an offer of Notes initiated under the Base Prospectus that shall be 
continued beyond the validity of such Base Prospectus] 
 
The Base Prospectus, under which the Notes described in these Final Terms have been offered, 
[expires/will be updated] on [5 May 2022/ [●]] [and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus will be 
immediately updated thereafter]. From this point in time, these Final Terms shall be read in conjunction 
with the updated base prospectus of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the conditions 
contained in such updated base prospectus) and any reference in these Final Terms to "Base 
Prospectus" shall be read as a reference to that updated base prospectus. Such updated base 
                                                     
 
6 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
7 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
prospectus will be available for viewing on the website of the Issuer www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-
Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) [and during normal business hours at 
the registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
AXA HOME LOAN SFH 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will, upon listing, be assimilated (assimilées) 
and form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the existing [insert description of 
the relevant Series] (the “Existing Notes”) on [[●] / the 
Issue Date / Not Applicable]] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
(i) 
Series:  
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable) 
6. 
Specified Demonination(s): 
[●] 
(one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
(The rules and procedures of the relevant Regulated 
Market(s) and clearing system(s) shall be taken into 
account when choosing a Specified Denomination)8 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
[[●] Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
[The Notes, having a soft bullet maturity in accordance 
with Condition 6(a), will be redeemed at the Maturity 
Date unless their maturity is extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date as specified below.] 
9. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year /Not Applicable] 
                                                     
 
8 [Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies)]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
[The Maturity Date will be extended automatically to the 
Extended Maturity Date if the Final Redemption Amount 
is not paid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date. In such 
case the payment of such Final Redemption Amount 
shall be automatically deferred and shall become due 
and payable on the Extended Maturity Date, provided 
that (i) any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount, as specified below, remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any 
Specified Interest Payment Date thereafter and (ii) 
interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount 
during such extended period at the relevant newly 
applicable Rate of Interest and be payable on each 
relevant 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [for the period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date (further particulars specified 
in 
paragraph 
15 
below)]] 
[EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, EUR CMS or other] 
+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate [for the period from and 
including the Maturity Date to but excluding the 
Extended Maturity Date, or if earlier the date on which 
the 
Notes 
are 
redeemed 
in 
full]] 
[Fixed/Floating 
Rate]  
[Floating/Fixed 
Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed 
Rate] 
[Floating/Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero 
Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date [or on any Specified Interest Payment Date 
occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date] at [[100 per cent.] / [[●] per cent.] of their 
Specified Denomination] 
[Instalments] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate]/[Applicable 
– 
Floating/Fixed 
Rate]/[Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate]/[Applicable 
– 
Floating/Floating 
Rate][Not 
Applicable] 
[(Further particulars specified below in “Fixed/Floating 
Rate Note Provisions, Floating/Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions, Fixed /Fixed Rate Note Provisions, 
Floating/Floating Rate Note Provisions”) [Interest will 
accrue on a Fixed Rate basis until the Maturity Date and 
on a Floating Rate Note basis thereafter.]]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
13. 
Put/Call Option: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified below) 
14. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
Decision[s] of 
the 
board 
of 
directors 
(Conseil 
d’administration) of the Issuer dated [●][ and [●]] and a 
decision of [●] of the Issuer dated [●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable until the Maturity Date/Applicable 
[before/after] [●]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent, per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each [year/month] up to and including the Maturity 
Date (also specify the Interest Payment Dates if the item 
9 above (Extended Maturity Date) is applicable) 
[NB: this will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 365 (Fixed) 
/ Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-
FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
 
(vi) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] 
in 
each 
year/Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity 
Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable if the Final Maturity Date is 
extended 
until 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
/ 
[before/after] 
[●] 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and following 
the Switch Date with different Rates of Interest consider 
the following sub-paragraphs only for the Interest

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Periods preceding [and including] the Switch Date and 
replicate the following sub-paragraphs for the Interest 
Periods following the Switch Date [and including the 
Interest Period Including the Switch Date]) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]/[The period from and including the Maturity Date to 
but excluding the first Specified Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period from and including a 
Specified Interest Payment Date to but excluding the 
next succeeding Specified Interest Payment Date, up to 
and excluding the Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier 
the Specified Interest Payment Date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in full] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [in each year/of each month] [from and including [●] 
to (and including) [●]][,, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below (also specify the Specified Interest Payment 
Dates if the item 9 above (Extended Maturity Date) is 
applicable), not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) First Specified Interest Payment 
 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[Specified Interest Payment Date / [●] (specify)] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following Business 
Day Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Insert “unadjusted” if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[FBF Determination/ISDA Determination/Screen Rate 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
 
Agent): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(ix) FBF Determination: 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[●] (Specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR or EUR CMS] and months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 
3 months])

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
 
Variable): 
[●] 
 
 
FBF Definitions (if different from 
 
those set out in the Conditions) : 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (Specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR or EUR CMS] and months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 
3 
months]) 
 
(additional 
information 
if 
necessary) 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Rate:  
[●] (Specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR or EUR CMS] and months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 
3 
months]) 
(Additional 
information 
if 
necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] / [[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [London Business Day(s) (if 
SONIA)] / [the [ ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day] falling after the last day of the relevant Observation 
Period if SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift 
Compound / SOFR Index Average] 
 
 
Primary Source: 
[Reference Banks/Not Applicable] 
 
 [SONIA calculation method: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average] 
 
 [SONIA observation method: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]] 
 
 [SOFR determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index Average]] 
 
 [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Arithmetic Mean) 
The day that is the [second/[●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
 [SOFR Observation Method: 
[Observation Look-Back / Observation Shift]] 
 
 [Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[ ] TARGET Business Days / London Banking Days / 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days / As per the 
Conditions / Not Applicable]] 
 
 [Observation Shift Period: 
[[ ] TARGET Business Days / London Banking Days / 
Not Applicable]] 
 
 [Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) /]] 
 
 [SOFR IndexStart: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [ ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Paris / London / Euro Zone / [●] (specify the financial 
centre most closely connected to the Benchmark)]  
 
 
Representative Amount: 
[(specify / specify an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the time)] 
 
 
Reference Banks (if applicable): 
[Specify four (4)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR1, 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
 
[Designated Maturity:9 
[●]] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[(specify / duration of the Interest Accrual Period)]] 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[(specify / The first calendar day of the Interest Accrual 
                                                     
 
9 Applicable only where the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is EUR CMS.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Period to which such Interest Determination Date 
relates)]] 
 
(xii) Margin(s):  
[+/-] [●] per cent, per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest10: 
[0/[●] per cent, per annum] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent, per annum] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA / Actual /365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 365 (Fixed) 
/ Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Note Provisions, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Note Provisions, 
Floating/Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest  
Periods [preceding the 
Switch Date  
(excluded) (If the Switch 
Date falls  
on an Interest Payment 
Date)] /  [preceding the Interest  Period 
including the Switch Date /  
up to the 
end of the Interest Period  
including 
the Switch Date (If the  Switch Date does 
not fall on an  
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with 
further variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the 
 
Interest Periods [following the Switch 
 
Date (included) (If the Switch Date 
 
falls 
on 
an 
Interest 
Payment 
 
Date)] / [preceding the Interest 
 
Payment Period including the Switch 
 
Date 
/ 
following 
the 
Interest 
 
Period including the Switch Date (If 
 
the Switch Date does not fall on an 
 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
                                                     
 
10 Such percentage shall be in any case positive.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with 
further variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for 
 
notice from the Issuer: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest:) [●]] / [Not Applicable]] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
 
each Note: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount: [●] 
Y=[●] per cent. 
 
(iii) If 
redeemable 
in 
part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
20 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions): 
[Not applicable / Other (specify)] 
(if setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided for in the terms and conditions, consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information throughout 
intermediaries, for instance clearing systems, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
21 
Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect 
of each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not applicable]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
[[●] Per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
23. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 6(j)) 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Condition 6(j) applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes 
/ 
Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised 
Notes 
are 
only 
in 
bearer 
form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether bearer 
form (au porteur)/ administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré)/ fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ if Applicable give name and address] 
(Note that a Registration Agent can be appointed in 
relation to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form 
only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
Exchange Date, being forty (40) calendar days after the 
Issue Date (subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate)] 
25. 
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment 
dates for the purposes of Condition 
7(g): 
[Not Applicable/ Specify any other applicable Financial 
Centre]. Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs 16(vi) relate] 
26. 
Payment on non-Business Days: 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
28. 
Redenomination and provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1(d) apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 12(b) apply] 
30. 
Masse (Condition 10): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[As per Condition 10/[●] (Insert name and address of the 
Representative)] 
 
(ii) Alternate Representative: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (Insert name and address of the 
alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) Remuneration of the Representative: 
[Not Applicable/The Representative will receive no

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
remuneration/The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
a 
remuneration of [●]] 
 
(iv) Issue outside France: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
31. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors11: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes are intended to be sold to retail clients and 
constitute “packaged” products for which a KID will be 
prepared, or if the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
32. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors12: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products under the UK PRIIPS Regulation or the Notes 
do constitute “packaged” products under the UK PRIIPS 
Regulation and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products under the UK PRIIPS Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
GENERAL 
32. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the 
rate of [●] per cent, producing a sum of: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [Euronext Paris / 
Other (specify)] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of AXA Home Loan SFH. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
                                                     
 
11 The expression “Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
12 The expression “Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]13 
 
 
Signed on behalf of AXA Home Loan SFH: 
By …………………………………………... 
Duly authorized 
 
 
                                                     
 
13 Include if the third-party information is provided

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/[●]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Paris] / (specify) with effect from 
[●].] / [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris]/(specify) 
with effect from [●].] / [Not Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] issue 
date.] 
(Where 
documenting 
an 
interchangeable 
(fungible) issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
 
of the Issuer, securities of the same 
 
class of the Notes to be admitted to 
 
trading are already admitted to 
 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
(iv) 
Additional publication of Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms: 
 
[●] (See paragraph 14 of the section entitled 
“General Information” of the Base Prospectus 
which provides that the Base Prospectus and 
Final Terms will be published on the website of 
the Autorité des Marchés Financiers so long as 
the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market.) 
2. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][Specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Offer Period (including any possible 
amendments): 
 
[Specify] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Obligations de 
Financement de l’Habitat: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Category of potential investors to whom 
the Notes are offered and whether 
tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Not Applicable/ An offer of the Notes may be 
made by the Authorised Offeror(s) other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [France/specify relevant Member 
State(s) - which must be jurisdictions where the 
Base Prospectus and any supplements have 
been passported] (the "Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s)") during the Offer Period.] 
 
Consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus during the Offer Period: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/ If specific consent is applicable, 
name(s), address(es) and, if any, Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) of the financial intermediary(ies) 
appointed by the Issuer to act as Authorised 
Offeror(s)/ If general consent is applicable, 
specify any financial intermediary which satisfies 
the conditions set out below in item “Conditions 
attached to the consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus”] 
 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable/ Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to 
use the Prospectus, specify any financial 
intermediary to use the Prospectus, specify any

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
additional conditions to or any condition 
replacing those set out on pages 46-47 of the 
Prospectus or  indicate “See conditions set out in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus”. 
Where 
Authorised 
Offeror(s) have been designated herein, specify 
any condition] 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes [have been rated]/[are expected to be 
rated] 
[S&P: 
[●], 
Fitch: 
[●]] 
[[Other]: 
[●]] 
S&P and Fitch are established in the European 
Community and are registered under European 
Regulation 1060/2009/EC of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and are included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRASs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
4. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation [has 
been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is 
contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent 
issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States] with [a] certificate[s] of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [has/have] been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
5. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a certificate 
relating to the borrowing Programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case of issue of Notes equals 
or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate relating to such an 
issue. 
6. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This requirement may be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement:  
["Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Notes, so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has a material interest to the 
Issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business."]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
[Reason for the offer: 
[●]/ [See “Use of Proceeds” wording in base 
Prospectus]] 
 
 
(If reasons for offer different from those stated in 
“Use of Proceeds” and in particular if the Notes 
are subscribed by the Issuer as collateral for 
credit operations of the Banque de France will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[●]/Not 
Applicable 
[include 
breakdown 
of 
expenses] 
8. 
YIELD – Fixed Rate Notes only 
 
 
[Not applicable] (Include where the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum [for the Fixed Rate 
period]. 
[[The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed Rate 
Notes is calculated on the basis of the Issue 
Price using the following formula: 
 
where: 
P is the Issue Price of the Notes; 
C is the Interest Amount; 
A is the outstanding principal amount of Notes 
due on redemption; 
n is time to maturity in years; and 
r is the yield. 
[[As set out above,] the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price [for the 
period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date]. It is not an 
indication of future yield.]] 
9. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES, DESCRIPTION OF THE

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
UNDERLYING, MARKET OR SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION AND ADJUSTMENT RULES 
(i) 
Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/EUR 
CMS] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/other [(or 
any successor)]. 
(ii) 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/EUR 
CMS] 
which is provided by [●]. [As at [the date 
hereof/[●]], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by [the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 dated 8 
June 2016 (the “Benchmark Regulation”)]/[the 
Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 dated 8 
June 2016, as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK BMR")].]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[●], as administrator of [●] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of [the Benchmark 
Regulation]/[UK 
BMR]]/[the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmark 
Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or; if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]] 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Temporary ISIN: 
Common Code: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
 
Depositary 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
 
S.A. 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es) and provide any other appropriate 
information]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of Paying Agents: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
Names and addresses of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
description] 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION AND UNDERWRITING 
 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non Syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated 
names 
of 
the 
 
coordinator(s) of the global offer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
the 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If 
syndicated, 
date 
of 
the 
[Subscription]  Agreement: 
 
[Not Applicable/Specify date] 
 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount/give details] 
 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Regulation S Compliance/Category 1]  
[C Rules apply/ D Rules apply/ TEFRA not 
Applicable] (TEFRA Rules are not applicable to 
Dematerialised Notes) 
 
Underwriting 
 
 
If, in all or in part, underwritten by entities 
on a firm commitment basis or under best 
efforts arrangements or placed without 
such 
commitments 
or 
arrangements, 
names, addresses and quotas of such 
entities and the portion not covered if any: 
[Not Applicable / Give portion underwritten on a 
firm 
commitment 
basis, 
best 
efforts 
arrangements or not covered and names, 
addresses and quotas of the entities]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[Insert the issue specific summary]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A  
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EUR100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANOTHER CURRENCY)  
TO BE LISTED AND ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA  
REGULATED MARKET 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IMD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]14 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] EEA domiciled manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels15.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
                                                     
 
14 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients. 
15 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]16 
 
                                                     
 
16 Legend to be included if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR and therefore are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK 
MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
AXA Home Loan SFH (Issuer)  
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500AIOJG7FHMDYZ30  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 5 May 2021 which received approval No. 21-
133 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 5 May 2021, together with any document 
incorporated by reference [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●] which received 
approval No. [●] from the AMF on [●]] and which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
on the website of the Issuer www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) [and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where 
copies may be obtained]. [In addition17, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for 
viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) which are the [June 2020/June 2019] Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated 5 May 2021 which received approval No. 21-133 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 5 May 2021, together with any document incorporated 
by reference [and the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval No. [●] 
from the AMF on [●]] and which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).]  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein 
(the "Notes") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus, save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by 
the [June 2020/June 2019] Conditions. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect 
of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the [June 2020/June 2019] 
Conditions. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the 
Issuer www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where copies may 
be obtained. [In addition18, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] 
[●].] 
[The following language applies in case of an offer of Notes initiated under the Base Prospectus that 
shall be continued beyond the validity of such Base Prospectus] 
The Base Prospectus, under which the Notes described in these Final Terms have been offered, 
[expires/will be updated] on [5 May 2022/ [●]] [and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus 
will be immediately updated thereafter]. From this point in time, these Final Terms shall be read 
in conjunction with the updated base prospectus of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the conditions contained in such updated base prospectus) and any reference in these 
                                                     
 
17 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
18 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Final Terms to "Base Prospectus" shall be read as a reference to that updated base prospectus. 
Such updated base prospectus will be available for viewing on the website of the Issuer 
www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) [and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where 
copies may be obtained].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer 
AXA HOME LOAN SFH 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
 
assimilated (assimilables) and form 
 
a single Series: 
 
 
[The Notes will, upon listing, be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
existing (insert description of the relevant series) 
(the "Existing Notes") on [[●]/the Issue Date/Not 
Applicable]] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable) 
6. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(one (1) denomination only from Dematerialised 
Notes) (Not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in 
other currency at the Issue Date when the Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation)19 
(The rules and procedures of the relevant 
Regulated Market(s) and clearing system(s) shall 
be taken into account when choosing a Specified 
                                                     
 
19 [Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than 
one year must have a minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies)]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Denomination)20 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
[The Notes, having a soft bullet maturity in 
accordance with Condition 6(a), will be redeemed 
at the Maturity Date unless their maturity is 
extended to the Extended Maturity Date as 
specified below.] 
9. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[●](if applicable, specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to the relevant month and year / Not Applicable] 
[The Maturity Date will be extended automatically 
to the Extended Maturity Date if the Final 
Redemption Amount is not paid by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date. In such case the payment of 
such 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
shall 
be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and 
payable on the Extended Maturity Date, provided 
that (i) any amount representing the Final 
Redemption 
Amount, 
as 
specified 
below, 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid 
by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment 
Date thereafter and (ii) interest will continue to 
accrue on any unpaid amount during such 
extended period at the relevant newly applicable 
Rate of Interest and be payable on each relevant 
Specified Interest Payment Date.]/[Not Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [for the period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date (further particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
15 
below)]] 
[EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, EUR CMS or 
other] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] [for the period 
from and including the Maturity Date to but 
excluding the Extended Maturity Date, or if earlier 
the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full]] 
[Fixed/Floating 
Rate]  
[Floating/Fixed 
Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed 
Rate] 
                                                     
 
20 [Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than 
one year must have a minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies)]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
[Floating/Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero 
Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date [or on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date] at [[100 per 
cent.] / [[●] per cent.]] of their Specified 
Denomination] 
[Instalments] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate]/[Applicable – 
Floating/Fixed Rate]/[Applicable – Fixed/Fixed 
Rate]/[Applicable – Floating/Floating Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
“Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Note Provisions, Fixed /Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions, Floating/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions”) [Interest will accrue on a Fixed Rate 
basis until the Maturity Date and on a Floating Rate 
Note basis thereafter.]] 
13. 
Put/Call Option: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified below) 
14. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
Decision[s] of the board of directors (Conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer dated [●][ and [●]] 
and a decision of [●] of the Issuer dated [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable 
/ 
Applicable 
until 
the 
Maturity 
Date/Applicable [before/after] [●] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] 
the Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each [year/month] up to and including the 
Maturity Date (also specify the Interest Payment 
Dates if the item 9 above (Extended Maturity Date) 
is 
applicable) 
[NB: this will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 365 
(Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF 
/ 30E/360-ISDA] 
 
(vi) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon.) 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable if the Final Maturity Date is 
extended until the Extended Maturity Date / 
[before/after] [●]  / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] 
the Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]/[The period from and including the Maturity 
Date to but excluding the first Specified Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from 
and including a Specified Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the next succeeding Specified 
Interest Payment Date, up to and excluding the 
Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier the Specified

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Interest Payment Date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [in each year/of each month] [from and including 
[●] to (and including) [●]][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below (also specify the Specified Interest 
Payment Dates if the item 9 above (Extended 
Maturity Date) is applicable), not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) First Specified Interest Payment 
 
Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[Specified Interest Payment Date/[●] (Specify)] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect 
the Interest Amount] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[FBF Determination / ISDA Determination / 
Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(ix) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR or EUR CMS] and months, if any [e.g. 
EURIBOR 
3 
months]) 
(additional 
information 
if 
necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
 
(Date de Détermination du Taux

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
Variable): 
[●] 
 
 
FBF Definitions (if different from 
 
those set out in the Conditions): 
 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR or EUR CMS] and months if any [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Rate: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR or EUR CMS] and months, if any 
[e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] / [[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify city] 
for [specify currency]] / [London Business Day(s) 
(if SONIA)] / [the [ ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day] falling after the last day of the 
relevant Observation Period if SOFR Lookback 
Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index 
Average] 
 
 
Primary Source: 
[Reference Banks/Not Applicable]  
 
 [SONIA calculation method: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average] 
 
 [SONIA observation method: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]] 
 
 [SOFR determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lookback

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index 
Average]] 
 
 [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean) 
The day that is the [second/[●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period.] 
 
 [SOFR Observation Method: 
[Observation Look-Back / Observation Shift]] 
 
 [Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[ ] TARGET Business Days / London Banking 
Days / U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days / As per the Conditions / Not Applicable]] 
 
 [Observation Shift Period: 
[[ ] TARGET Business Days / London Banking 
Days / Not Applicable]] 
 
 [Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) /]] 
 
 [SOFR IndexStart: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [ ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Paris / London / Euro Zone / [●] (specify the 
financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark)]  
 
 
Representative Amount: 
[(specify / specify an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the time)] 
 
 
Reference Banks (if applicable): 
[Specify four (4)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR1, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
 
[Designated Maturity:21 
[●]] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[(specify / duration of the Interest Accrual Period)]] 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[(specify / The first calendar day of the Interest 
Accrual Period to which such Interest 
                                                     
 
21 Applicable only where the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is EUR CMS

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Determination Date relates)]] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest22: 
[0/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 365 
(Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF 
/ 30E/360-ISDA] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Note Provisions, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Note Provisions, 
Floating/Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the 
 
Interest 
Periods 
[preceding 
the 
 
Switch Date (excluded) (If the Switch 
 
Date falls on an Interest Payment 
 
Date)]/[Preceding the Interest Period 
 
including the Switch Date/up to the 
 
end of the Interest Period including 
 
the Switch Date (If the Switch Date 
 
does not fall on an Interest Payment 
 
Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a Floating 
Rate Note] with further variables set out in item [●] 
of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the 
 
Interest Periods [following the Switch 
 
Date (included) (If the Switch Date 
 
falls on an Interest Payment Date)] / 
 
[preceding 
the 
Interest 
Period 
including  
the 
Switch 
Date 
/ 
following the  
Interest Period including 
the Switch  
Date (If the Switch Date 
does not fall  
on an Interest Payment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
                                                     
 
22 Such percentage shall be in any case positive.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Date)]: 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a Floating 
Rate Note] with further variables set out in item [●] 
of these Final Terms 
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for 
 
notice from the Issuer 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date]/[(for 
Automatic Change of Interest :) [●]] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
 
each Note: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount: [●] 
Y=[●] per cent. 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
20 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions): 
[Not applicable / Other (specify)] 
(if setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided for in the terms and conditions, consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information 
throughout intermediaries, for instance clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
21 
Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect 
of each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[[●] Per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for illegality 
(Condition 6(j)) 
[Not Applicable]/[Condition 6(j) applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable specify whether bearer 
form (au porteur)/ administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré)/ fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent can be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
the Exchange Date, being forty (40) calendar days 
after the Issue Date (subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate)] 
 
25. 
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment 
dates 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 7(g): 
[Not Applicable/Specify any other applicable 
Financial Centre]. Note that this paragraph relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 16(vi) 
relate] 
26. 
Payment on non-Business Days: 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
Definitive 
Materialised Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes)

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
28. 
Redenomination and provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1(d) 
apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 12(b) 
apply] 
30. 
Masse (Condition 10): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[As per Condition 10/[●] (Insert name and address 
of the Representative)/No Representative has 
been appointed in relation to the Notes as at the 
Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Alternate Representative: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (Insert name and address of 
the alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) Remuneration of the Representative: [Not Applicable/The Representative will receive no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]] 
GENERAL 
31. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at 
the rate of [●] per cent. producing a sum 
of: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [Euronext 
Paris/other (specify)] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme of AXA Home Loan SFH. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]23 
 
Signed on behalf of AXA Home Loan SFH: 
 
By: ……………………………… 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
                                                     
 
23 Include if the third party information is provided.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/[●]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] / (specify) with 
effect from [●].] / [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] / (specify) with effect from [●].] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes 
are already listed as from [its/their respective] 
issue date.] 
(Where documenting an interchangeable 
(fungible,) issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge of the 
Issuer, securities of the same class of the 
Notes to be admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes [have been rated]/[are expected to 
be rated] 
[S&P]: [●]] 
[Fitch]: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
S&P and Fitch are established in the 
European Community and are registered 
under European Regulation 1060/2009/EC of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and are 
included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
with the CRA Regulation. 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an 
issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second 
alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and 
the Supplement[s]] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation] 
4. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter 
a certificate relating to the borrowing Programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case 
of issue of Notes equals or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency, a certificate relating to such an issue. 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This requirement may be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
["Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the 
Notes, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has a 
material interest to the Issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business."] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]/See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus 
(If reasons for offer different from those stated 
in "Use of Proceeds" and in particular if the 
Notes are subscribed by the Issuer as 
collateral for credit operations of the Banque 
de France will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
 
7. 
YIELD – Fixed Rate Notes only 
 
 
[Not applicable] (Include where the Notes 
are not Floating Rate Notes) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum [for the Fixed Rate 
period]. 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price [for the period 
beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date]. It is not an 
indication of future yield.]] 
 
 
8. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES, DESCRIPTION OF 
THE UNDERLYING, MARKET OR SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION AND ADJUSTMENT 
RULES 
(i) 
Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/EUR 
CMS] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters] /other 
[(or any successor)]. 
(ii) 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR 
/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/EUR CMS] which is 
provided by [●]. [As at [the date hereof/[●]], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by [the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 dated 8 June 
2016 (the "Benchmark Regulation")]/[the 
Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 
dated 8 June 2016, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK BMR”)].]. [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, [●] as administrator 
of [●] is not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of [the Benchmark Regulation]/[UK 
BMR]]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the [Benchmark Regulation]/[UK BMR] 
apply, such that [●] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
Temporary ISIN: 
[●] 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
 
Depositary 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
 
Banking S.A. 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
and address(es) and provide any other 
appropriate information] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of Paying Agents: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):* 
Names and addresses of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) 
and description] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
U.S. selling restrictions 
[Regulation 
S 
Compliance/Category 
1] 
[C Rules apply/D Rules apply/TEFRA not 
Applicable] 
(TEFRA 
Rules 
are 
not 
applicable 
to 
Dematerialised Notes)

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
TAXATION 
 
The following is a summary limited to certain tax considerations relating to the payments made in 
respect of the Notes that may be issued under the Programme and specifically contains information on 
taxes on the income from the securities withheld at source in respect of France, the country of the 
registered office of the Issuer. This summary is based on the laws in force in France as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus and as applied by the tax authorities, all of which are subject to changes or to 
different interpretation. This summary is for general information and does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware 
that they may be required to pay taxes or other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and 
practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s 
jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Each 
prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the tax 
consequences of any investment in or ownership and disposal of the Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
French Withholding Tax 
The following is an overview of certain French withholding tax considerations relating to the holding of 
the Notes by a beneficial holder of the Notes who does not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject 
to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts (the "French 
General Tax Code") unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or 
territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French General 
Tax Code (a "Non-Cooperative State"). The list of Non-Cooperative States may be amended at any 
time and is published by a ministerial executive order, which is updated in principle on a yearly basis. It 
includes, as from 1 December 2018, the jurisdictions that are included in EU list of non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes adopted by the Council of the European Union on 5 December 2017 (as 
set forth in its Annex 1 as updated).  
If such payments under the Notes are made in a Non-Cooperative State, a 75% withholding tax will be 
applicable pursuant to Article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code (subject (where relevant) to 
certain exceptions summarised below and to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double 
tax treaty). 
Furthermore, pursuant to Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code, interest and other revenues 
paid by or on behalf of the Issuer with respect to such Notes will no longer be deductible from the 
Issuer's taxable income, if they are (i) paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-
Cooperative State or (ii) paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution located in such a Non-
Cooperative State (the “Deductibility Exclusion”). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible 
interest and other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 
et seq. of the French General Tax Code, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues 
may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code, 
at a rate (i) of 12.8% for payments benefitting to individuals who are not fiscally domiciled (domiciliés 
fiscalement) in France, (ii) of 26.5% for payments benefitting to legal persons which are not fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France as regards fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2021, 
or (iii) of 75% for payments made in a Non-Cooperative State, subject in any case to the more 
favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the 
French General Tax Code, the Deductibility Exclusion nor the withholding tax set out under Article 
119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code will apply in respect of a particular issue of Notes if the 
Issuer can prove that (i) the principal purpose and effect of such issue of Notes were not that of 
allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the 
"Exception") and (ii) in respect of the Deductibility Exclusion that (a) it benefits from the Exception 
and (b) the relevant interest or other assimilated revenues relates to genuine transactions and are 
not abnormal or exaggerated in amount. Pursuant to the official regulation published by the French 
tax authorities (Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques) under the references BOI-INT-DG-20-50-
30-24/02/2021, Sections No. 140 and No. 150, an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception 
without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of the issue of Notes if such 
Notes are: 
i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (as in effect between 1 April 2009 and 23 October 2019) or pursuant to an 
equivalent offer in a State or territory other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an 
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document 
by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator, an investment services provider, or 
by a similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider 
or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 
iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the clearing operations of a central depositary or of a 
securities clearing, delivery and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or 
operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Furthermore, with respect to interest and other revenues paid under the Notes to persons domiciled or 
established in a State or territory where they benefit from a preferential tax regime or paid in a bank 
account opened in a financial institution located in a State or territory where it benefits from a preferential 
tax regime, (i) the non-deductibility set out under Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code will not 
apply if the Issuer can prove that the relevant interest or revenues relate to genuine transactions and 
are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount and (ii) the withholding tax set out under article 119 bis 
2 of the French General Tax Code will not apply if the Issuer can prove that it can benefit from the 
Exception. 
Payments made to French resident individuals 
Pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the French General Tax Code, subject to certain exceptions, 
interest and other similar revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés 
fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8% withholding tax, which is an advance payment made in 
respect of the personal income tax, and is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect 
of the year during which the withholding tax has been paid. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other 
related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2% on interest 
and other similar revenues paid to individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in 
France.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the dealer agreement dated 5 May 2021 
between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealer, as amended from time to time (the "Dealer 
Agreement"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer will 
have the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealer. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by such Dealer. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred 
in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe for Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to 
the Issuer. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers, in particular 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area  
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,  
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State of the 
EEA: 
a) if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-
Exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
c) at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150), natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State or jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to US tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by US tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the US Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer that is not participating in the

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an 
offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person 
outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to 
any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
b) at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in a) to c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Italy 
Each of the Issuer and the Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has 
not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of Notes and such 
offering of Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB”) in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended (the "Issuers’ Regulation") and, accordingly, no Note may be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of 
Italy in an offer to the public ("offerta al pubblico"), nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus or 
of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to article 100 of the Financial 
Services Act and article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers’ Regulation and the relevant 
applicable provisions set forth in CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to, 
and in compliance with, the conditions set out in article 100 of the Financial Services Act and 
its implementing regulations, including article 34-ter of the Issuers’ Regulation. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, the Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that any offer, 
sale, transfer or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in 
accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
regulations and, in particular, will be made: 
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, notification requirement and/or 
limitation which may be, from time to time, imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including 
the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act, as 
amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale 
in the Republic of Italy of the Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable 
Italian laws and regulations.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to it or any other document relating to the Notes, and the 
information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipients and are not to be distributed 
to any third- party resident or located in the Republic of Italy for any reason. No person resident or 
located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on 
this Base Prospectus, its content or any other document relating to the Notes. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investors should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Notes in the 
Republic of Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (1) and (2) above, the subsequent 
distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance 
with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act 
and Issuers’ Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being 
declared null and void and in the intermediaries transferring the Notes being liable for any damages 
suffered by investors or potential investors. 
Germany 
The Notes contemplated by this Base Prospectus have not been offered, sold or delivered, and will not 
be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly in Germany, except in compliance with all applicable 
laws, in particular the Prospectus Regulation (as implemented in Germany) and the German Investment 
Product Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz). 
The Issuer assumes no responsibility and makes no representation regarding the suitability of Notes 
as an investment product for any investor. In particular, the Issuer assumes no responsibility for the 
eligibility of any Notes as investment for any Noteholder domiciled in Germany and subject to particular 
regulatory requirements with regard to its investments, including, without limitation, insurance 
companies, pension funds, credit institutions and investment funds. Unless explicitly stated otherwise 
in the Conditions or the Final Terms, no reference therein to particular German law regulatory 
requirements implies or may be construed to imply any representation or warranty by the Issuer as to 
the suitability of the relevant Notes for the Noteholder. 
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, the Permanent Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to 
be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers. 
Luxembourg 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been offered or sold and 
will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Luxembourg by way of an offer to the public 
except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Netherlands 
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Zero Coupon Notes (as 
defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from 
or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or more markets or systems held or operated by Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 
21 May 1985 (as amended from time to time) and its implementing regulations. 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an 
interest in a global note; (b) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form between individuals who do not act in the conduct of a business or profession; (c) in respect of the 
initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; or (d) in respect of the 
transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero 
Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in 
global form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside the Netherlands and are not 
distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which 
no interest is due whatsoever. 
Hong-Kong 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
and any rules made under that Ordinance or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 274 
of the Securities and Futures Act (the “SFA”), Chapter 289 of Singapore (b) to a relevant person under 
Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person who 
is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one 
or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor in accordance with the Securities 
and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor, in accordance with the 
Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018, securities or securities-based 
derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, 
or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA in accordance with the Securities and Futures (Classes of 
Investors) Regulations 2018;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore). 
Austria 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been offered or sold and 
will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the Republic of Austria by way of a public 
offering, unless in compliance with the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) as amended 
from time to time.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
Denmark 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been filed with 
or approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority or any other regulatory authority in the 
Kingdom of Denmark and that the Notes have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or 
delivered directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark, unless in compliance with Chapter 3 of the 
Danish Act on Capital Markets (in Danish “Lov om Kapitalmarkeder”) of 8 January 2018 and executive 
orders issued pursuant thereto as amended from time to time. 
Sweden 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for 
subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or 
definitive document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale except in circumstances that will not 
result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus for an offer to the public pursuant to the provisions of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Finland 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been filed with 
or approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority and that it will not publicly offer the Notes or 
bring the Notes into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the laws of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act (14 December 
2012/746, Fi. Arvopaperimarkkinalaki), as amended and any regulation or rule made thereunder, as 
supplemented and amended from time to time. 
Norway 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and 
guidelines applicable to the offering of Notes in Norway. 
Spain 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and 
guidelines applicable to the offering of Notes in Spain. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and the Permanent Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not, directly, or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly, or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan), or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
Japan. 
People’s Republic of China 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or 
sold or will offer or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau 
and Taiwan) (the "PRC") as part of the initial distribution of the Notes. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. The Base Prospectus, any information 
contained herein or the Notes have not been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, verified by or 
registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and thus may not be supplied to the 
public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the 
PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not 
being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws or regulations. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, 
in, into or from Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange 
or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant 
to Article 652a or Article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or a listing prospectus within the meaning 
of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other regulated trading facility in Switzerland and 
the Notes do not claim to comply with the disclosure standards of the Swiss Code of Obligations and the 
listing rules of SIX Swiss Exchange and corresponding prospectus schemes annexed to the listing rules 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange or the listing rules of any other Swiss stock exchange or regulated trading 
facility and may not comply with the Directive for Notes of Foreign Borrowers of the Swiss Bankers 
Association. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the “CMSA”). Accordingly, the 
Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, 
sold or delivered by it, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Notes have been or will be 
made, directly or indirectly by it, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be 
distributed by it in Malaysia, other than to persons or in categories falling within Schedule 6 (or Section 
229(1)(b)), Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)), and Schedule 8 (or Section 257(3)), read together with 
Schedule 9 (or Section 257(3)) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive of 
the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory 
authority from time to time.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals including approval from 
the Controller of Foreign Exchange to purchase the Notes. The onus is on the Malaysian residents 
concerned to obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers is responsible for any invitation, 
offer, sale or purchase of the Notes as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
Latvia 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither they nor any of their affiliates, nor any 
persons acting on their or their affiliates behalf, have engaged or will engage in any selling efforts in 
Latvia with respect to the Notes, other than in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia and the 
Regulations of the Financial and Capital Market Commission. 
Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for 
public offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and 
the decrees, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident (as defined under the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Act of Korea and the decrees, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) of Korea except as 
otherwise permitted under the applicable Korean laws and regulations.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when 
used below. 
(1) 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France as competent authority in France 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Application may also be made at 
the Issuer’s request for the notification of certificate of approval to any other competent authority 
of any other Member State of the EEA. Application will be made in certain circumstances to admit 
and to list to trading the Notes on Euronext Paris and application may be made for the listing and 
admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA provided the 
Base Prospectus and any supplements have been passported to the jurisdiction of that Regulated 
Market. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no application has been made for the notification 
of certificate of approval to any other competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA 
and the Base Prospectus has not been passported to any other jurisdiction in the EEA. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until 5 May 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and 
authorisations in France in connection with the update of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will require the prior authorisation of the 
board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer. The board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer may delegate to any person of its choice the power to decide on 
the issue of such Notes within a period of one (1) year. 
For this purpose, on 16 December 2020 the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the 
Issuer has (i) authorized the issue of obligations de financement de l’habitat under the 
Programme for a maximum nominal amount of EUR 2.000.000.000 (or its equivalent on other 
currencies) for a period of one (1) year as from 16 December 2020 and (ii) delegated to the chief 
executive officer (directeur général) and the deputy chief executive officer (directeur général 
délégué) the power to decide on the issue of such Notes. 
(3) 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated at issuance AAA by S&P and AAA 
by Fitch (the "Rating Agencies"). The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency without notice. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Rating Agencies are established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and 
are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020, except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus including in the paragraph “Risks 
related to the Covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences” of the section “Risk Factors”. 
(5) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 31 December

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
2020, except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus including in the paragraph “Risks related to 
the Covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences” of the section “Risk Factors”. 
(6) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2020, except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus including in the paragraph “Risks related to 
the Covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences” of the section “Risk Factors”. 
(7) 
The Issuer is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
during a period covering at least the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(8) 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(9) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, 
rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg). The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(10) Pursuant to articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) certifies that the rule providing that the amount of 
eligible assets of the Issuer is greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège 
is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly borrowing programme and for any issue of Notes or debts 
benefiting from the Privilège in a principal amount equal to or above Euro 500 million (or its 
equivalent in any other currency at the time of issue of such Notes). 
(11) PricewaterHouseCoopers Audit (represented by Frank Vanhal, 63 rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly 
sur Seine Cedex, France) and Mazars (represented by Pierre Masieri, Tour Exaltis – 61, rue 
Henri Regnault – 92400 Courbevoie, France), the Issuer's statutory auditors are registered with 
the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (National Association of Statutory 
Auditors) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes (French 
High Council of Statutory Auditors). 
(12) The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Notes 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the performance of the 
underlying collateral, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(13) In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Fixed Rate 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. 
(14) In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot the Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager(s)) will undertake any stabilisation action. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of 
the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
(15) This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the 
website www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). The Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or traded on any Regulated Market in 
the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA on the website 
www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the 
EEA other than Euronext Paris, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms 
related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms 
will be published on the website of (x) the Regulated Market where the Notes have been listed 
and/or admitted to trading or (y) the competent authority of the Member State of the EEA where 
the Notes have been listed and/or admitted to trading. 
(16) So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available during normal business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer and, 
with respect to the documents listed in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) below, on the website of 
the issuer www.axa.fr/Investors/AXA-Home-Loan-SFH: 
(a) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the most recently published audited non-consolidated financial statements and interim 
financial statements of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Final Terms relating to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
other Regulated Market in the EEA; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus, including the certificate of the specific controller 
(contrôleur spécifique) in respect of (i) each quarter relating to the borrowing programme 
for the relevant quarter and (ii) each issue of Notes in a principal amount equal to or above 
Euro 500 million (or its equivalent in any other currency at the time of issue of such Notes). 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, of the Temporary 
Global Certificates, of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the Coupons and of the Talons) will 
be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(17) Pursuant to Article L. 513-12 and R. 513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
Specific Controller certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer 
is greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a 
quarterly borrowing programme and for any issue of Notes or debts benefiting from the Privilège 
in a principal amount equal to or above €500 million or its equivalent in the currency of issue. 
(18) The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
(19) The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield will be 
calculated at the time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated will be 
calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication 
of future yield. 
(20) Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR or EUR CMS (the “Benchmarks”) in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 dated 
8 June 2016 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of 
Notes bearing floating rates of interest will specify the relevant Benchmark, the relevant 
Benchmark administrator and whether such Benchmark administrator appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation or on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority 
pursuant to the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation or the UK 
Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, 
the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator 
(21) The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 969500AIOJG7FHMDYZ30.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
I hereby certify that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of my knowledge, 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Fontenay-sous-Bois, 5 May 2021 
AXA Home Loan SFH 
203-205 rue Carnot 
94138 Fontenay-sous-Bois Cedex 
France 
Duly represented by Bruno CHARLIN 
in his capacity as chief executive officer (directeur général) 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality 
of the Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
opportunity of investing in such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 5 May 2021 and is valid until 5 May 2022 and shall be 
within that period, pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, completed by a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base 
Prospectus has received the following approval number: 21-133.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
30/360 ................................................................................................................................................... 82 
30/360-FBF ........................................................................................................................................... 82 
30E/360 ................................................................................................................................................. 83 
30E/360-FBF ......................................................................................................................................... 83 
30E/360-ISDA ....................................................................................................................................... 84 
360/360 ................................................................................................................................................. 82 
A/360 ..................................................................................................................................................... 82 
A/365 (Fixed) ......................................................................................................................................... 82 
A/365 F .................................................................................................................................................. 82 
Account Holder ...................................................................................................................................... 78 
Act/360 .................................................................................................................................................. 82 
Act/365 (Fixed) ...................................................................................................................................... 82 
Act/Act ................................................................................................................................................... 81 
Act/Act-ICMA ........................................................................................................................................ 81 
Act/Act-ISDA.......................................................................................................................................... 81 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) .............................................................................................. 82 
Actual/360 ............................................................................................................................................. 82 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................................................................................................. 82 
Actual/365-FBF...................................................................................................................................... 81 
Actual/Actual.......................................................................................................................................... 81 
Actual/Actual-FBF ................................................................................................................................. 81 
Actual/Actual-ICMA .............................................................................................................................. 81 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ................................................................................................................................ 81 
Adjustment Spread .............................................................................................................................. 105 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ......................................................................................................... 105 
Agency Agreement ............................................................................................................................... 77 
Agent ..................................................................................................................................................... 87 
Alternative Rate .................................................................................................................................. 107 
AMF ....................................................................................................................................... 14, 130, 152 
Amortisation Yield ............................................................................................................................... 113 
Amortised Nominal Amount ................................................................................................................ 113 
Asset Cover Ratio ..................................................................................................................... 20, 28, 72 
Asset Cover Test ....................................................................................................................... 19, 28, 72 
Asset Cover Test Date .................................................................................................................... 20, 72 
Asset-Backed Securities ....................................................................................................................... 50 
Authorised Offeror ................................................................................................................................. 48 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis .................................................................................................... 108 
AXA Banque .......................................................................................................................................... 62 
AXA Banque Financement ................................................................................................................... 62 
AXA Group ............................................................................................................................................ 62 
Bank .................................................................................................................................................... 118 
Banking Act ......................................................................................................................................... 174 
Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive ......................................................................................... 59 
Base Prospectus ..................................................................................................................... 1, 130, 152 
Benchmark Regulation ....................................................................................................... 107, 146, 166 
Bond Basis ............................................................................................................................................ 82 
Bondholders ........................................................................................................................................ 121 
Borrower .......................................................................................................................................... 16, 71 
Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement ............................................................. 17, 73 
Breach of the Asset Cover Test ...................................................................................................... 20, 72 
Broken Amount ..................................................................................................................................... 86 
BRRD .................................................................................................................................................... 59 
BRRD II ................................................................................................................................................. 59 
BRRD Revision ..................................................................................................................................... 59 
Business Centre(s) ................................................................................................................................ 81 
Calculation Agent ...................................................................................................................... 19, 71, 88 
Calculation Agent(s) ............................................................................................................................. 77

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
Calculation Period ................................................................................................................................. 81 
Change of Interest Basis .................................................................................................................... 108 
Clearstream ............................................................................................................................... 1, 78, 125 
Code .................................................................................................................................................... 125 
Collateral Security ................................................................................................................................. 16 
Collateral Security Agreement .............................................................................................................. 71 
Collateral Security Assets ..................................................................................................................... 71 
Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event ............................................................................................. 73 
Collection Loss Reserve ................................................................................................................. 17, 73 
Collection Loss Reserve Account ......................................................................................................... 73 
Collection Loss Reserve Required Amount .......................................................................................... 73 
Collective Decisions ..................................................................................................................... 14, 119 
Commencement Date ..................................................................................................................... 20, 72 
Conditions ........................................................................................................................................... 152 
CONSOB ............................................................................................................................................. 173 
Couponholders ..................................................................................................................................... 77 
Coupons ................................................................................................................................................ 77 
Covered Bonds ................................................................................................................................... 121 
CRA Regulation ...................................................................................................................... 2, 164, 180 
D1 .............................................................................................................................................. 82, 83, 84 
D2 .............................................................................................................................................. 82, 83, 84 
Day Count Fraction ............................................................................................................................... 81 
Dealer .................................................................................................................................................... 48 
Dealer Agreement ............................................................................................................................... 170 
Definitive Materialised Notes..................................................................................................... 1, 78, 125 
Dematerialised Notes .................................................................................................................. 1, 13, 77 
Designated Maturity .............................................................................................................................. 88 
Determination Date ............................................................................................................................... 82 
Determination Period ............................................................................................................................ 82 
Drawdown Date ............................................................................................................................... 20, 72 
EEA ..................................................................................................................................... 6, 15, 77, 149 
Effective Date ........................................................................................................................................ 84 
Electronic Consent .............................................................................................................................. 120 
Eligible Bank ......................................................................................................................................... 74 
EURIBOR .............................................................................................................................................. 36 
Euro Zone.............................................................................................................................................. 84 
Eurobond Basis ..................................................................................................................................... 83 
Euroclear ................................................................................................................................... 1, 78, 125 
Event of Default ..................................................................................................................................... 17 
Exception ............................................................................................................................................ 169 
Exchange Date .................................................................................................................................... 126 
Exercice Notice ................................................................................................................................... 113 
Existing Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 131 
Extended Maturity Date ................................................................................................................. 11, 111 
FBF Definitions ...................................................................................................................................... 84 
FBF Master Agreement ......................................................................................................................... 84 
FBF Rate ............................................................................................................................................... 87 
FIEA .................................................................................................................................................... 177 
Final Terms ................................................................................................................. 1, 11, 77, 130, 152 
Finance Documents ........................................................................................................................ 16, 71 
Financial Services Act ......................................................................................................................... 173 
Fiscal Agent .......................................................................................................................................... 77 
Fitch ................................................................................................................................................... 2, 10 
Fitch Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event .................................................................................... 75 
Fitch Level 1 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event ....................................................................... 75 
Fitch Level 2 Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event ....................................................................... 75 
Fixed Coupon Amount .......................................................................................................................... 86 
Floating Rate ................................................................................................................................... 87, 88 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention .............................................................................................. 87 
Floating Rate Determination Date ......................................................................................................... 87

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
Floating Rate Option ............................................................................................................................. 88 
Following Business Day Convention .................................................................................................... 87 
French Civil Code .................................................................................................................................. 55 
French Commercial Code ............................................................................................................... 53, 80 
French General Tax Code ................................................................................................................... 168 
French Monetary and Financial Code ..................................................................................................... 1 
FSMA ............................................................................................................................................ 78, 173 
General Meeting .................................................................................................................................. 119 
Hire Act ................................................................................................................................................. 15 
holder of any Note ................................................................................................................................. 79 
IMD ...................................................................................................................................................... 149 
Insolvency Event ................................................................................................................................... 18 
Interest Accrual Period .......................................................................................................................... 84 
Interest Amount ..................................................................................................................................... 84 
Interest Commencement Date .............................................................................................................. 84 
Interest Determination Date .................................................................................................................. 85 
Interest Payment Date .......................................................................................................................... 85 
Interest Period ....................................................................................................................................... 85 
Interest Period Date .............................................................................................................................. 85 
Investor ................................................................................................................................................. 48 
Investor's Currency ............................................................................................................................... 35 
ISDA Definitions .................................................................................................................................... 85 
ISDA Rate ............................................................................................................................................. 88 
Issuer ................................................................................................................................................. 1, 77 
Issuer Cash Accounts Agreement ........................................................................................................ 75 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis .......................................................................................................... 108 
Issuer Securities Accounts Agreement ................................................................................................. 75 
Issuers Regulation .............................................................................................................................. 173 
LEI ....................................................................................................................................................... 183 
Lender ............................................................................................................................................. 16, 71 
Loan ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
M1 ............................................................................................................................................. 82, 83, 84 
M2 ............................................................................................................................................. 82, 83, 84 
Management and Recovery Agent ....................................................................................................... 71 
Management and Servicing Agreement .......................................................................................... 68, 71 
Masse .................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Materialised Notes ...................................................................................................................... 1, 13, 77 
Maturity Date ......................................................................................................................................... 11 
MiFID II ..................................................................................................................... 6, 77, 140, 149, 170 
MIFID II .................................................................................................................................................. 48 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .......................................................................................................... 6 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ..................................................................................... 87 
Monthly Asset Cover Test Date ...................................................................................................... 20, 72 
New EU Covered Bonds Framework .................................................................................................... 58 
Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test .................................................................................. 20, 72 
Non-Cooperative State ........................................................................................................................ 168 
Non-Exempt Offer ............................................................................................................................... 171 
Noteholder ............................................................................................................................................. 79 
Notes ................................................................................................................................. 1, 10, 130, 152 
offer ..................................................................................................................................................... 170 
offer of Covered Bonds to the public ................................................................................................... 171 
Offer Period ........................................................................................................................................... 48 
Original Reference Rate ..................................................................................................................... 107 
Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement ......................................................................................... 68, 71 
Page ...................................................................................................................................................... 85 
Paying Agents ....................................................................................................................................... 77 
PRC ..................................................................................................................................................... 178 
Preceding Business Day Convention ................................................................................................... 87 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................................................................................................... 7, 149 
Primary Source ..................................................................................................................................... 85

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
Privilège ....................................................................................................................................... 1, 10, 80 
Programme ............................................................................................................................................. 1 
Prospectus .................................................................................................................................... 48, 129 
Prospectus Directive ........................................................................................................................... 149 
Prospectus Regulation ........................................................................................................................ 171 
Public Offer ........................................................................................................................................... 48 
Public Offer Jurisdiction ........................................................................................................................ 48 
Rate of Interest ...................................................................................................................................... 85 
Rating Agencies ........................................................................................................................ 2, 10, 180 
Receiptholders ...................................................................................................................................... 77 
Receipts ................................................................................................................................................ 77 
Recovery Framework ............................................................................................................................ 59 
Redenomination Date ........................................................................................................................... 79 
Reference Banks ................................................................................................................................... 85 
Registration Agent ................................................................................................................................. 78 
Regulated Market .............................................................................................................................. 1, 14 
Regulation S .............................................................................................................................. 4, 15, 171 
Relevant Date ....................................................................................................................................... 85 
Relevant Financial Centre ..................................................................................................................... 85 
Relevant Nominating Body ................................................................................................................. 107 
Relevant Rate ....................................................................................................................................... 86 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent ................................................................................................... 103 
Relevant Time ....................................................................................................................................... 86 
Replacement Relevant Rate ............................................................................................................... 103 
Representative .............................................................................................................................. 14, 119 
Representative Amount ......................................................................................................................... 86 
Reset Date ............................................................................................................................................ 88 
Resolution Tools and Powers ............................................................................................................... 59 
retail investor ....................................................................................................................................... 170 
Rules ..................................................................................................................................................... 48 
S&P ................................................................................................................................................... 2, 10 
S&P Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event .................................................................................... 75 
Safeguard Clause ............................................................................................................................... 169 
Secured Liabilities ................................................................................................................................. 16 
Securities Act .................................................................................................................................. 4, 171 
Series .............................................................................................................................................. 11, 77 
Services Provider .................................................................................................................................. 71 
SFH Legal Framework ...................................................................................................................... 9, 50 
Specific Asset Cover Test Date ...................................................................................................... 20, 72 
Specific Controller ................................................................................................................................. 57 
Specified Currency .......................................................................................................................... 12, 86 
Specified Denomination(s) .............................................................................................................. 12, 78 
Specified Duration ................................................................................................................................. 86 
Stabilising Manager(s) ........................................................................................................................ 181 
Successor Rate ................................................................................................................................... 107 
Swap Transaction ................................................................................................................................. 88 
Switch Date ......................................................................................................................................... 108 
Talons ................................................................................................................................................... 77 
TARGET2 Business Day ....................................................................................................................... 81 
TEFRA .................................................................................................................................................. 15 
TEFRA C Rules .................................................................................................................................... 15 
TEFRA D Rules .................................................................................................................................... 15 
Temporary Global Certificate .......................................................................................................... 1, 125 
Terms and Conditions ........................................................................................................................... 77 
Tranche ........................................................................................................................................... 11, 77 
Uncommitted Credit Facility .................................................................................................................. 16 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement .......................................................................................................... 71 
Written Resolution Date ...................................................................................................................... 121 
Written Unanimous Decision ............................................................................................................... 119 
Y .......................................................................................................................................................... 112

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
Y1 .............................................................................................................................................. 82, 83, 84 
Y2 .............................................................................................................................................. 82, 83, 84

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
ISSUER 
AXA Home Loan SFH 
203-205, rue Carnot  
94138 Fontenay-sous-Bois Cedex 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
PERMANENT DEALER 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
3, rue d’Antin – 75002 Paris, France 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
PricewaterHouseCoopers Audit 
Crystal Park - 63 rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex 
France 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis – 61, rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
Caillau Dedouit & Associes 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER AND THE ARRANGER 
Jones Day 
2, rue Saint Florentin 
75001 Paris 
France