--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
AYVENS 
Euro 15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), 
Ayvens, (formerly named ALD, “Ayvens” or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue unsecured senior preferred notes to be governed by French law (the "Notes"). The terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions”) are set out herein in the section “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 
15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). It has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
“AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor of the quality of the 
Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one (1) year, as of its date. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. Subject as set out herein, the Notes will not be subject to any minimum or maximum maturity and cannot be 
undated Notes. 
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base 
Prospectus for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Paris ("Euronext Paris") and/or any other regulated market situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), 
as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended (each such market being 
a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed on an alternative stock exchange or 
market. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not an application 
has been or will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock 
exchange(s) where the Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be €100,000 
and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") 
or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised 
Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined 
in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination), in 
either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which 
case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in 
bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, 
where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date 
of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in section "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer 
Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") intended to 
be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers (as defined below). 
The Programme has been rated “A-” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), (ii) “A-” by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch") and (iii) “A1” by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term senior 
debt has been respectively rated (i) “A-" with stable outlook by S&P (Long term issuer credit rating), (ii) “A-" by Fitch (Senior 
unsecured long term debt rating) and (iii) “A1” with negative outlook by Moody's (Long term issuer and senior unsecured debt 
ratings). Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (the “CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of registered credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(“ESMA") 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or 
rated differently from the current ratings of the Programme. The rating(s) of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, including as to whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued by credit rating agencies established in the European Union, 
registered (or which have applied for registration) under the CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the ESMA (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) and/or (ii) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be published on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-and-documents/debt-documents/)  and the AMF (www.amf-france.org). The 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be made available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-and-documents/) and, as the case may be, on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 July 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto published from time to time (each a 
"Supplement" and together the "Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by reference all relevant information with regard to 
the Issuer and its respective consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (together with the Issuer, the "Group") 
and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is material to any investor 
for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason of the issuance and its impact on the 
Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement that may be 
published from time to time and with all documents incorporated by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, 
delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "U.S. Internal Revenue Code" and the regulations 
thereunder). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained in 
this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference). None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
sincerity, accuracy or completeness of any of the information or representations in this Base Prospectus 
(including the documents incorporated by reference). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial 
statements or any other information incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements or any other information 
incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any purchase of Notes should be

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger has reviewed or 
undertakes to review the financial condition or financial affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of 
the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green and 
Positive Impact Notes (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any 
dedicated "green", or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil 
any green criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, 
nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible green assets, any verification 
of whether the eligible green assets meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green 
and Positive Impact Notes (or amounts equal thereto). Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any 
representation as to the suitability or contents of the Framework and the Second Party Opinion. Prospective 
investors should refer to the Final Terms, the Issuer's website, the Framework and the Second Party Opinion 
(each as defined in section "Use of Proceeds") and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green and Positive Impact Notes for information. Any such 
Framework and/or Second Party Opinion and/or public reporting will not form part of, nor be incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealer, the 
Arranger, or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Framework, or on any Green 
and Positive Impact Notes issued in connection with Eligible vehicles. Any such opinion or certification neither 
is, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Arranger, or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Green and Positive Impact Notes.  
In addition, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on Green and Positive Impact Notes shall 
not depend on the performance of the Eligible vehicles, nor on the achievement of any green, social or 
sustainable objectives. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealer will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW AND ADVICE 
Each prospective investor in Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and legal or regulatory restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to below. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable 
restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes. 
A prospective investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value 
of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
II product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated 
entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (as 
amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers and sellers of the Notes may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges 
or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for innovative financial notes such as the Notes. Prospective investors are advised not to rely upon 
the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto but to ask for their own tax 
adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. 
Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
GREEN AND POSITIVE IMPACT NOTES 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that the Issuer intends to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of “green and positive impact” Notes (the "Green and Positive 
Impact Notes") to finance or refinance exclusively projects relating to Eligible vehicles (the "Eligible vehicles"), 
that contribute to the development of clean transportation and the transition to a low carbon future in 
accordance with the eligibility criteria set out in the green and positive impact bonds framework available on 
the website of the Issuer, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Framework"). 
Prospective investors in the Green and Positive Impact Notes should have regard to the information set out in 
this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and the Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
and Positive Impact Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Projects relating to Eligible vehicles or the application of the net proceeds of any Green and Positive Impact 
Notes in connection therewith (as described in section “Use of Proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms), might 
not be implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule. Nor 
can it be certain that such projects relating to Eligible vehicles will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the "positive impact" aspect) originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
There can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer that the use of proceeds of any Green 
and Positive Impact Notes identified in the Final Terms will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future 
legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with 
respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether pursuant to any present or future applicable law or regulation or under its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
No assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealer or the Arranger as to the content, suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever in respect of (i) any opinion or certification of any other third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
and Positive Impact Notes and in particular with any activity to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other 
criteria, including in the Issuer’s Framework, (ii) any Framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on 
or before the issue of any Green and Positive Impact Notes or equivalently labelled Notes, or on (iii) any public 
reporting or (iv) any Green and Positive Impact Notes or equivalently labelled Notes. 
Currently, the providers of second party opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. Any such second party opinion or certification is not, and should not be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Arranger or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Green and Positive Impact Notes. 
The Arranger or the Dealer do not make any representation as to the suitability of the Green and Positive 
Impact Notes to fulfil “green and positive impact” criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger 
or the Dealer have not undertaken, and are not responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for 
projects relating to Eligible vehicles, any verification of whether the Green and Positive Impact Notes meet 
the eligibility criteria, or the verification or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green and Positive 
Impact Notes, or the allocation of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) by the Issuer to 
particular projects relating to Eligible vehicles.  
Investors should refer to the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer’s website, the Issuer’s Framework and the 
second-party opinion delivered in respect thereof, if any, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the application of the proceeds of any projects relating to Eligible vehicles for further 
information. Any such Framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not form part of, 
nor be incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Any opinion or certification of any other third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green and Positive Impact Notes and in particular with 
any project to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria may not be suitable or reliable for any purpose 
whatsoever. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be treated or 
considered as, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green and 
Positive Impact Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the EEA, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, 
references to "EUR", "Euro", "euro" or "€" are to the lawful single currency of the member states of the 
European Union that have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary union 
in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time), references to "£", "pounds 
sterling" or "GBP" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "¥", "JPY" or "Japanese 
Yen" or "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "Swiss francs" are to the lawful currency 
of Switzerland and references to "Renminbi", "RMB" or "CNY" mean Renminbi Yuan and are to the lawful 
currency of the People's Republic of China ("PRC"), excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 
the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Table of Contents 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................ 10 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................................... 18 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................................ 33 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................... 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 44 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES .................. 115 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................................................. 116 
RECENT EVENTS ................................................................................................................................................................. 118 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................... 119 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................................ 127 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................................... 133 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................. 149 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS......................................... 152

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and should be read together 
with this Base Prospectus from which it is taken from and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions below as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Terms and Conditions. 
Issuer: 
Ayvens (formerly named ALD) 
LEI 
(Legal 
Entity Identifier) 
969500E7V019H9NP7427 
Description: 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of senior preferred notes (the 
"Notes") to be governed by French law (the "Programme"). 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors relating to the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries". In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors relating to the Notes". 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealer: 
Société Générale  
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a 
dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. The identity of the Dealer(s) in respect of a specific 
Tranche will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Programme 
Limit: 
Up to Euro 15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Any increase to this Programme limit will require the publication of a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus and subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent and 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Société Générale 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued 
in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche will be completed in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at an issue price (expressed either (i) as a percentage of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount or (ii) as an amount per Note of the relevant Specified 
Denomination) which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par (as specified in the 
Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes 
may have any maturity, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Maturity Date”) from 
one month from the date of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes may be 
issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Specified 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State (a 
“Regulated Market”) of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which 
require the publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for the purposes of 
the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended, ("FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status 
of 
the 
Notes: 
The Notes, including, where applicable, any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations (as 
provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier): 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and with all present or future senior 
preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(iii) 
 senior to all present or future: 
(A) 
senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-
I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier) of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all notes issued by the Issuer as direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations prior to its transformation into a financial holding company

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
(compagnie financière holding) on 22 May 2023 constitute senior obligations of the Issuer 
ranking as senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier). 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future holders 
of, or creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from statutory preferred exceptions 
(the “Preferred Creditors”); 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will 
be terminated. 
The holders of Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible for 
taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer 
in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
Events 
of 
Default: 
There will be limited events of default as set out in Condition 9 (Events of Default).  
Final 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each Note shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency. 
As further described below, Notes may also be redeemed at their Optional Redemption 
Amount as provided under Condition 6(i) (Optional Redemption Amount) or at their Early 
Redemption Amount as provided under Condition 6(j) (Early Redemption Amount). 
Make-Whole 
Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will 
have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, 
prior to their Maturity Date at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will 
have the option to redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
Clean-Up 
Call 
Option: 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if at least 75 per cent. 
or any higher percentage of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same 
Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may redeem 
the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Optional 
Redemption: 
If a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at its option redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole or in part, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
If a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Noteholders may at their option, require the redemption of such Notes at their Optional 
Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
Early 
Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Make-Whole Call Option", "Residual Maturity Call Option", "Clean-
Up Call Option" and "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer prior to their Maturity Date only for tax reasons or illegality. See Condition 6(g) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) and Condition 6(h) (Illegality). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest or in respect of any Note 
or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or 
duties whatsoever, the Issuer will (subject to certain limited exceptions), to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such deduction or withholding been required. 
Interest Periods 
and 
Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its method 
of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate (deemed to be equal to 0), or both. The use 
of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information (except the method of calculation) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the June 2013 Fédération Bancaire 
Française ("FBF") Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments; or 
 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as specified in the relevant Final Terms, each 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org) and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series ; or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
(iii) by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other Interbank 
Offered Rates (“IBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Euro 
Short-Term Rate (“€STR”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) or the Tokyo Overnight Average 
(“TONA”) or any successor rate or alternative rate (or such other benchmark as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms),  
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and payable as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate 
of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest or both. 
The Minimum Rate of Interest, being the relevant rate of interest plus any relevant margin, 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate, the 
relevant Reference Rate or the relevant Floating Rate Option, as the case may be. 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any floating interest (or any component 
part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, then Independent Adviser may be permitted 
to substitute such benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such 
Series of Notes and, potentially, the application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be 
positive or negative)). 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert 
on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination(s), Title, 
Redenomination)) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not 
bear interest. 
Redenomination: 
Notes denominated in a currency that may be converted into euro may be subject to 
redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with other Notes denominated in 
euro, all as more fully provided in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination). 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more fully provided 
in Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation). 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will 
be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Redenomination).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form ("Materialised Bearer Notes") only. 
A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law 
and jurisdiction: 
French law. 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons will 
be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris. 
Clearing 
Systems: 
(i) Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and (ii) 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or 
any other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s) in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the 
lettre comptable (in relation to Dematerialised Notes issued on a syndicated basis) or the 
application form or the lettre comptable, as the case may be (in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes issued on a non-syndicated basis) relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with 
Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading: 
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme, for a period of twelve 
(12) months from the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base Prospectus, to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris"). Euronext 
Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets (a "Regulated Market") 
published on the ESMA website. The Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on any other Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
or any other stock exchange or market. A Series of Notes may be unlisted, and Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading may also be issued, in any case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Representation 
of 
the 
Noteholders: 
If the Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”). The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce with the exception, pursuant to Article L.228-90 of the French 
Code de commerce, of Article L.228-48, Article L.228-65, I, 1°, 3° and 4°, the second 
sentence of the first paragraph of Article L.228-71 and Articles R.228-61, R.228-63, R.228-
69, R.228-79 and R.236-11, and subject to the provisions of Condition 11(b) (Contractual 
Masse).  
 
If the Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the meeting and voting provisions of Condition 11(a) 
(No Masse) will apply. 
 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated “A-” by S&P, “A-” by Fitch and “A1” by Moody's.  
The Issuer’s long-term senior debt has been respectively rated (i) “A-" with stable outlook by 
S&P (Long term issuer credit rating), (ii) “A-" by Fitch (Senior unsecured long term debt 
rating) and (iii) “A1” with negative outlook by Moody's (Long term issuer and senior

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
unsecured debt ratings). Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is established in the European 
Union, is registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published on the website of the ESMA (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current 
ratings of the Programme. 
The rating(s) of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, including as 
to whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued by credit rating agencies established in the 
European Union, registered (or which have applied for registration) under the CRA 
Regulation and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the ESMA (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
and registered the UK CRA Regulation or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Use of proceeds: 
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, except otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, as described 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes or, in 
respect of the issue of “green and positive impact” Notes (the "Green and Positive Impact 
Notes"), an amount equivalent to the net proceeds will be applied exclusively for the 
financing or refinancing of eligible vehicles (the "Eligible vehicles"), that contribute to the 
development of clean transportation and the transition to a low carbon future in accordance 
with the eligibility criteria set out in the green and positive impact bonds framework, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Framework"), which is available on the 
Issuer’s website : 
https://www.ayvens.com/-/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/debt/debt-investors/3-green-
bond/june-2022--green-and-positive-impact-bond-
framework.pdf?rev=54a69bebd4ee4a698fdd62edd77e36b9  
 
The Framework received a second party opinion from ISS Corporate Solutions, which is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.ayvens.com/-
/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/debt/debt-investors/3-green-bond/26-october-2023---second-party-
opinion-ald.pdf?rev=95465eb0f6434c9e8d55e9e88446ab9f).  
 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of offering material 
in various jurisdictions including the United States of America, the EEA, the United 
Kingdom, Hong Kong, Japan, People's Republic of China and Singapore (See "Subscription 
and Sale").  
 
The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes of Regulation S under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are 
issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such 
Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA 
is not applicable. 
 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and may be 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes to be issued under the Programme. All 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or the Group.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference are specific to 
the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed investment decisions with respect to investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below and in the documents incorporated by reference are not the only 
risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently believes 
to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of the relevant Notes and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Issuer and the 
Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme.  
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence.  
Terms used but not defined in this section will have the same meaning given to them in the "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes". 
I. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
Given the diversity and changes in the Group's activities, its risk management focuses on the following main 
categories of risks, any of which could adversely affect the Group's performance. 
The following risk factors set out in "Chapter 4. Risks factors" on pages 126 to 142 of the English version of the 
Issuer's registration document dated 12 April 2024 and which was filed with the AMF on 12 April 2024 under no. 
D.24-0278 (the "2023 Universal Registration Document") shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Part I (see section "Documents incorporated by Reference") with the exception of the risk factor set 
out in "Chapter 4. Risks factors – 4.1.1. 3 Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks" on page 130 of the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document which is replaced by the risk factor “Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks” set out below. 
1. 
Macroeconomic, geopolitical and regulatory risks 
1.1 
Risks related to acquisitions 
The Group could encounter difficulties in executing announced acquisitions and generating the expected 
benefits and synergies. The integration of newly acquired companies may also divert management from 
existing operations. 
1.2 
Regulatory risk 
New regulatory status entails significant requirements to comply with, while changes in the regulatory 
framework to which the Group is subject by virtue of its status could have a negative impact on its business, 
financial situation or costs. 
1.3 
Ayvens’ competitiveness on its market 
The Group may not be able to compete successfully, or competition may increase in the businesses in which 
it operates.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
1.4 
Climate, environmental and social risks 
The Group’s business could have adverse impacts on the climate, the environment and society, or may be 
impacted by climate, environmental, or societal change. 
2. 
Risks specific to activity 
2.1 
Risks related to residual value 
The Group may be unable to sell its used vehicles at desirable prices, and face risks related to the residual 
value of its vehicles  in connection with such disposals. 
2.2 
Risks related to maintenance services and tyres 
The Group’s pricing structure and assumptions regarding the future maintenance, repair and tyre costs of 
the vehicles in its fleet  over the term of the lease may prove to be inaccurate, which could result in reduced 
margins or losses. 
2.3 
Risk related to motor insurance 
The Group is exposed to the costs related to damages paid on the self-insurance (own damage) programmes 
in its leasing entities  and the selling of insurance by its (re) insurer (LPINS or ALD RE). 
3. 
Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to the risk of default by its customers under leases and/or Fleet Management contracts. 
4. 
Non‑financial risk and model risk 
4.1 
IT and cybersecurity risks 
The Group can fail to ensure the proper functioning of its software, websites and mobile applications,  or 
fail to adapt them to future technological developments. 
Any disruption to, or third-party attack on, the Group’s information technology systems could adversely 
impact its business. 
4.2 
Fraud risk 
Fraud or criminal activity may be committed by an employee of Ayvens or by persons outside Ayvens. It 
includes the theft of money, securities, or assets (physical or intellectual) belonging to Ayvens or held by 
Ayvens on behalf of third parties, fictitious or unauthorised transactions, unauthorised use of privileged or 
confidential information, swindles or any other criminal activity impacting Ayvens' assets or premises, 
including malicious interference with the information systems. 
4.3 
Legal, fiscal and compliance risks 
The Group could be subject to litigation or administrative and/or legal proceedings as well as sanctions for 
failure to comply  with regulations that could harm its interests. 
4.4 
Model risk 
The Group could be subject to adverse consequences arising from decisions based primarily on models. 
5. 
Structural risks

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
5.1 
Liquidity risk 
Inability to meet its financial commitments when they fall due. 
5.2 
Interest and exchange rate risks 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk and to a foreign exchange risk in countries outside the Euro zone. 
In addition to the risk factors above, the Issuer and the Group is subject to the following regulatory risk: 
Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks 
Identification of the risk: The Group’s business and results may be impacted by a deterioration of the economic 
and/or geopolitical environment. 
The Group could be faced with a significant deterioration in economic conditions resulting from crisis affecting 
capital or credit markets, liquidity constraints, regional or global recessions, sharp fluctuations in commodity prices 
(especially oil), currency exchange rates or interest rates, inflation or deflation, rating downgrades, restructuring or 
defaults of sovereign or private debt, or geopolitical events (including acts of terrorism and military conflicts). Such 
events, which can develop quickly and have effects that may not have been anticipated, could affect the Group’s 
operating environment for short or extended periods and have a material adverse effect on its activities, its cost of 
risk, the value of its assets, or its financial results and situation. 
In particular, the Group is exposed to the changing political, macroeconomic or financial situations of the regions or 
countries where it operates. The deterioration of these situations could have an impact on the Group’s operating 
environment and its businesses, as well as the business climate of a region or a country. In case of a significant 
deterioration, the Group could incur expenses, impairment of assets or losses, which would negatively impact its 
financial results and situation. 
Ayvens’ operations, results and financial situation could be adversely impacted by intensifying geopolitical risks. The 
conflict in Ukraine which began in February 2022 is causing high tensions between Russia and Western countries, 
with impacts on global growth, on the price of energy and raw materials, as well as economic and financial sanctions 
put in place by a large number of countries, particularly in Europe and the United States. 
The conflict between Israel and Hamas which began in October 2023 could have similar impacts or contribute to 
them, with also a risk on the transport of goods and raw materials via the Suez Canal. Recent attacks on merchant 
ships claimed by the Houthis in the Bab el Mandeb Strait could also impact gas and oil supplies, as well as the 
availability and delivery times on goods produced in Asia. In Asia, American Chinese relations, relations between 
China and Taiwan and relations between China and the European Union are strained by geopolitical and commercial 
tensions, relocation of production and risks of technological fractures. These could lead to delays in the production 
of electronic components like semiconductors that could impact the production of vehicles. 
In Ukraine, where it had approximately 3,800 vehicles under lease at 31 December 2023 (down from a funded fleet 
of approximately 4,500 vehicles at 31 December 2022), Ayvens has taken measures to support its employees as much 
as possible, accompany its clients and secure its assets. At end 2023, the recorded provision related to the vehicles 
that have been or are at risk of being damaged or located in the occupied territories has not changed. There was no 
additional provision compared to 31 December 2022 (provision of EUR 3.3 million), based on the local management’s 
assessment of expected losses as well as potential customer credit loss. Taking into account this provision, ALD 
Ukraine’s total assets amounted to EUR 76.9 million at 31 December 2023, compared with EUR 67.6 million as at 
31 December 2022. 
On 20 April 2023, ALD completed the disposal of its subsidiary ALD Russia to JSC Tsk. On 30 October 2023, the 
Group completed the disposal of ALD Belarus. On 27 February 2024, the sale of the subsidiary LeasePlan Russia 
(3,500 vehicles) to Expo Capital Liz was completed after clearance from the relevant Russian regulatory authorities. 
Ayvens is no longer present in Russia and Belarus.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
2024 is also marked by several elections, in France, Europe and throughout the world, with notably the US presidential 
elections next November. Post June European elections, political tensions in France may lead to accrued financial 
tensions. In the medium term, the reshaping of the European political backdrop may lead to looser coordination in 
EU policies in the areas of defense, ecological shift, banking union and capital markets.  The geographic footprint of 
the Group is well diversified, France being the Group’s largest location and accounting for 18% of Ayvens’ funded 
fleet as at 31 December 2023, followed by Italy (12%) and the United Kingdom (12%). The rest of the funded fleet 
is split across 40 countries. 
II. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following does not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should consult their 
own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in the Notes and the suitability of investing 
in the Notes considering their particular circumstances. The following categories of risk factors are identified:  
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
1.1 
The principal amount of the Notes may be reduced to absorb losses, and in case of resolution 
procedure, the Notes may be written down or converted to equity or other resolution measures may 
be required by applicable French and European legislation 
As a financial holding company (compagnie financière holding), the Issuer became subject, among others, 
to the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (each, as defined in Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of Bail-In and 
Write-Down or Conversion Powers)). The BRRD and the SRM Regulation provide the Resolution Authority 
with certain powers if the Issuer is subject to resolution, which include write-down/conversion powers to 
ensure that capital instruments and bail-inable liabilities (such as the Notes) absorb losses of the Issuer in 
accordance with a set order of priority (the "Bail-in Power"). 
The Bail-in Power is applied in such way that losses are borne first by the creditors in the order of their 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings, subject to certain exceptions notably with respect to certain 
liabilities that are outside the scope of the Bail-in Power. As a consequence, losses are to be borne first by 
shareholders, then by holders of capital instruments, then by holders of subordinated debt instruments, then 
by holders of senior non-preferred debt instruments, then by holders of senior preferred debt instruments 
(such as the Notes) and depositors (other than in respect of covered deposits and eligible deposits of natural 
persons and of small and medium-sized enterprises) which rank pari passu with holders of senior preferred 
debt instruments and then finally by depositors in accordance with the order of their claims provided by 
article L. 613-30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as amended or superseded from time to time. 
In April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package proposal to adjust and strengthen the 
European Union’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework (the "CMDI 
Proposal"). The package implies the review of the BRRD and SRM Regulation frameworks as well as a 
separate legislative proposal to amend Directive 2014/49/EU, of 16 April 2014, on deposit guarantee 
schemes, all with the aim of preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers' money, shielding real 
economy from the impact of bank failure and providing better protection for depositors. As part of the CMDI 
Proposal, the European Commission released a proposal to amend the BRRD so that senior preferred debt 
instruments would no longer rank pari passu with any non-covered non-preferred deposits of the Issuer; 
instead, senior preferred debt instruments would rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all 
depositors. On 24 April 2024, the European Parliament published legislative resolutions setting out its 
position at first reading on the legislative package proposed by the European Commission, without having 
reached agreement with the European Council. If this position is adopted as is, its implementation may 
increase the risk for an investor in the Notes losing all or some of their investment in the context of the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power. The proposal may also lead to a rating downgrade for senior preferred debt 
instruments. See the risk factor “Risks related to the market for the Notes and credit ratings – Credit ratings 
may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained” for further 
information on credit ratings.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
The Resolution Authority may also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a 
resolution measure, write down or convert into ordinary shares, or other instruments of ownership, capital 
instruments and eligible liabilities (which do not include the Notes and it being specified that the write-down 
and conversion of eligible liabilities is only possible in a resolution scheme, except for eligible liabilities 
included in the internal MREL). In particular, the Resolution Authority is required to exercise the write-
down or conversion power (i) where the conditions for resolution have been met, before any resolution action 
is taken, (ii) where it determines that, unless that power is exercised, the institution would no longer be 
viable, or (iii) where the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (subject to certain 
exceptions). 
Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers) contain provisions 
giving effect to the Bail-in Power in the context of resolution and write-down or conversion of capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability. 
The Bail-in Power could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary 
shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the 
variation of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may 
be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). The exercise of any of these powers 
may adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment in 
the Notes. 
In addition, as a result of its change of regulatory status into a financial holding company, the Issuer may 
have to meet a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL). If applicable, the level 
will be determined by the ECB and is then notified to the Issuer, which notification is expected by 2025. 
The application of any measure under the French implementing provisions of the BRRD and BRRD II or 
any suggestion of such application with respect to the Issuer or Société Générale could, materially adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes, and as a result, investors may lose their entire investment. 
Moreover, if the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Power or the exercise 
of write-down/conversion powers or any other resolution tools by the Resolution Authority independently 
of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution measure when it determines that the institution 
or its group will no longer be viable could cause the market value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than 
would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Therefore, the application of any measure under the French implementing provisions of the BRRD and 
BRRD II or any suggestion of such application to the Issuer or the Group could materially and adversely 
affect the rights of investors and/or the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of 
the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes, and as a result, investors may lose their entire investment. 
For more details, see section "Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer”. 
1.2 
Noteholders' returns may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a financial holding company (compagnie financière holding) in the form of a société anonyme 
with its registered office in France.  
In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the 
insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed 
under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
If the Issuer were to become insolvent, Noteholders’ returns could be limited or delayed. Application of 
French insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes (such as interest

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
and/or principal) and French insolvency laws may not be as favourable to Noteholders as the insolvency 
laws of other countries. 
Under French insolvency law, as amended by ordinance No 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 
implementing EU directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 June 2019 on 
preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase 
the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending 
Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the “Ordinance”), in the event of a safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial 
reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with a view to restructuring the Issuer’s 
indebtedness being opened in France with respect to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall be treated as affected 
parties to the extent their rights are impacted by the draft plan and assigned to a class of affected parties. The 
Noteholders can be regrouped in a class of affected parties with other creditors sharing sufficient 
commonality of economic interests on the basis of objective and verifiable criteria (defined below).  
The draft safeguard plan prepared by the relevant debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed 
administrator, is submitted to the vote (at a two-third majority in value) of each class of affected parties. 
Such affected parties cannot propose their own competing plan in safeguard procedures (as opposed to 
judicial reorganisation proceedings).  
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of affected parties, such plan may (at the request of the 
debtor or of the court-appointed administrator, subject to the relevant debtor’s approval (or at the request of 
an affected party in the context of judicial reorganisation proceedings)) be imposed on the dissenting 
class(es) of affected parties subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions.  
As a consequence, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of affected parties may be 
overridden.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders as further 
described in Condition 11 (Meeting and voting provisions) will not be applicable to the extent they conflict 
with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The ACPR must approve in advance the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganization or judicial 
liquidation procedures. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings could have an adverse impact on the market value of the 
Notes and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. For more details, see section “Governmental 
Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer”. 
1.3 
Noteholders bear the credit risk of the Issuer  
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) as 
provided in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) and will be effectively subordinated to any secured senior 
indebtedness that the Issuer may incur to the extent of the value of, and the validity and priority of the liens 
on, the Issuer’s assets securing that indebtedness. In the event of the Issuer’s liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization, bankruptcy or any similar proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of any 
of the Issuer’s secured indebtedness would be entitled to be paid from the assets securing that indebtedness 
before the Issuer’s assets may be used to make any payment in respect of the Notes.  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes place no 
restrictions on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Notes, or on the amount 
of securities it may issue that rank pari passu with the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders upon liquidation of the Issuer.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Noteholders purchasing the Notes will rely upon the creditworthiness (ability to pay) of the Issuer and no 
other person. Therefore, Noteholders face the risk of not receiving any payment on their investment if the 
Issuer file for bankruptcy or is otherwise unable to pay their debt obligations.  
The Issuer’s ability to pay its obligations under the Notes are dependent upon a number of factors, including 
the Issuer’s creditworthiness, financial condition and results of operations.  
 
1.4 
Limited events of default in respect of the Notes 
Holders of the Notes may only give notice that such Note is immediately due and repayable in a limited 
number of events (as further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default)). Such events of default do not 
include, for example, a cross-default of the Issuer's other debt obligations. Upon a payment default, the sole 
remedy available to Noteholders and, where applicable, Couponholders for recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of any payment of principal or interest on such Notes will be the institution of judicial proceedings 
to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of 
any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
 
Due to the limited events of default, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be adversely affected 
if the financial situation of the Issuer were to deteriorate and investors who sell Notes on the secondary 
market could lose all or part of their investment. 
 
1.5 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with the Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Notes or on 
the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the Notes and the aggregate amount due 
under such outstanding debt may be substantial. The Issuer’s incurrence of additional debt may have 
important consequences for investors in the Notes, including increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to 
satisfy its obligations with respect to the Notes; a loss in the market value of the Notes, if any; and a 
downgrading or withdrawal of the credit rating(s) of the Notes (if any). The issue of any such debt or 
securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the Issuer's resolution, liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy or upon the occurrence of similar proceedings. If the Issuer's 
financial condition were to deteriorate, Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, 
including suspension of interest, reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether 
voluntarily or involuntarily) or become subject to any resolution procedure, the Noteholders could suffer 
loss of their entire investment.  
 
1.6 
Meetings of Noteholders and modifications; defined majorities may bind all Noteholders 
If the Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, 
be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 
(Meeting and voting provisions). The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the 
relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who 
did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Decision. Noteholders may deliberate on proposals relating to the 
modification of the Terms and Conditions subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is 
duly adopted and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may have a 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 11(b) (Contractual Masse) provides that the provisions of 
Article L. 228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior 
approval of the General Meeting of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of merger 
(fusion) or demerger (scission) or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle) or any 
proposal to transfer the registered office of a société européenne to another European Member State) and the 
related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which 
may affect their interests generally. 
If the Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the Noteholders will not be grouped for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse and the meeting and voting provisions of Condition 11(a) (No Masse) will apply. 
1.7 
The use of proceeds from Notes identified as Green and Positive Impact Notes in the Final Terms may 
not be suitable for an investor's specific investment criteria 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds”, the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may 
provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of “green 
and positive impact” Notes (the "Green and Positive Impact Notes") to finance or refinance exclusively 
projects relating to Eligible vehicles (the "Eligible vehicles"), that contribute to the development of clean 
transportation and the transition to a low carbon future in accordance with the eligibility criteria set out in the 
green and positive impact bonds framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
"Framework") which is available on the website of the Issuer: 
https://www.ayvens.com/-
/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/debt/debt-investors/3-green-bond/june-2022--green-and-positive-impact-bond-
framework.pdf?rev=54a69bebd4ee4a698fdd62edd77e36b9  
 
Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as 
amended or completed (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) established a single EU-wide classification system, 
or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable and technical screening criteria for 
determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to one of the six 
environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, without such economic activity causing any 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives. Based on the Issuer’s own analysis, the 
Framework is not aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
 
For reasons beyond the Issuer’s control, an Eligible vehicle financed (or refinanced) by Green and Positive 
Impact Notes may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or 
any present or future investor expectations regarding such "green" or other equivalently labelled performance 
objectives or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply. These expectations may change over time and may affect the attractiveness 
and competitiveness of the Green and Positive Impact Notes for investors. In addition, the results, the schedule 
or outcome (whether or not related to environmental, social, sustainability, or other objectives) of projects 
relating to Eligible vehicles, as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, may not be satisfied, for reasons 
that are outside the Issuer’s control. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any such failure or event will not (a) constitute an Event of Default or (b) give 
a right to the Noteholders to request the early redemption or acceleration of any Green and Positive Impact 
Notes held by it or give rise to any other claim or right or (c) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the 
Green and Positive Impact Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes and (ii) payments of principal and interest (as the case 
may be) on the relevant Green and Positive Impact Notes will not depend on the performance of the relevant 
project, and such Notes will not have any preferred right against such assets. 
 
2. 
Risks related to the market for the Notes and credit ratings 
2.1 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit ratings of the Issuer 
and/or cost of borrowing and a number of additional factors, including, the market interest and yield rates 
and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
 
The market value of the Notes depends on several interrelated factors, including economic, financial, 
regulatory, social, health and political events in France and elsewhere, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder 
may sell the Notes prior their Maturity Date may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. Therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
 
2.2 
It is uncertain whether a trading market will develop or continue and whether it will be liquid 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and an active trading market may not develop 
in the future. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. The liquidity and the market prices for the 
Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the Issuer’s financial 
condition and prospects and other factors that generally influence the market prices of securities. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes. 
Moreover, although the Issuer can purchase Notes at any moment pursuant to Condition 6(l) of the Terms 
and Conditions, this is not an obligation for the Issuer. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity 
of the secondary market of the relevant Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors 
can negotiate these Notes on the secondary market. 
 
If the Final Terms provide that application is made for a Series of Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market and/or on any stock exchange, such particular 
application may not be accepted, that such Series of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market 
in respect of such Series will develop or that, once accepted and/or admitted, such admission and/or listing 
will not be suspended or terminated during the life of the Notes of such Series. Such situation could 
materially affect the market value of the Notes. 
 
2.3 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A- by S&P, A- by Fitch 
and A1 by Moody's, as described in the section "General Description of the Programme". The rating of the 
Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such 
ratings may not be maintained for any period of time or may not be reviewed, revised, suspended or 
withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in 
the judgement of the rating agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained, the market 
value of the Notes could be adversely affected. Further, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the 
Notes. If non-solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings may differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought 
by the Issuer.  
 
2.4 
Changes in exchange rate and exchange controls could result in a substantial loss  
This Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a Specified Currency as defined in Condition 2(a). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Noteholder's Currency. 
 
3. 
Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry varying 
risks for prospective investors depending on the specific structure and features of such Notes. 
3.1 
Risks relating to early redemption of the Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation), and if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in whole or in part the Notes prior to their Maturity 
Date through the exercise of the Issuer's corresponding option to early redeem the Notes.  
 
In such event, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the yield of the Notes that could be 
considerably less than anticipated by the Noteholders.  
 
In addition, any optional redemption of the Notes by the Issuer is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the 
market value of those Notes generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
 
3.2 
Risks related to interest rate applicable to the Notes 
3.3.1 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Investors are exposed to the risk that if interest rates increase after the issuance of the Notes, the value of the 
Notes could be adversely affected and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) are exposed to the risk that 
if interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, the value of the Notes 
could be adversely affected. 
 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) are exposed to the 
risk that they cannot anticipate the interest income on the Floating Rate Notes. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, and therefore their investment return cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods and this will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
 
3.3.2 
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating Rate of Interest 
will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any 
requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained.  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and 5(e) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) which 
applies to any Notes which pay a floating Rate of Interest (including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes), where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if the relevant reference rate has been discontinued, the 
fallback arrangements referenced in the Conditions will apply. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or alternative 
rate (as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Conditions (or any other 
document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable). 
The successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly 
its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to 
determine or measure which could have an impact on the marketability and the liquidity of the Notes. In 
addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rate (as applicable) and 
the involvement of a Reference Rate Determination Agent, the fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time and the successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may perform differently 
from the discontinued benchmark. These could significantly affect the performance of a successor or

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
alternative rate (as applicable) compared to the historical and expected performance of EURIBOR or the 
applicable benchmark.  
Any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Notes may not adequately compensate for this impact. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favorable to each Noteholder. This could 
in turn impact the Rate of Interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of 
such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the relevant reference rate may find their hedges to 
be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the successor or 
alternative rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no successor 
or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period is used for the following Interest Period. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as applicable).  
Furthermore, in the event that no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined and the affected 
Notes are effectively converted to fixed-rate Notes as described above, investors holding such Notes might 
incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes 
will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely 
affected. There is a high probability that certain interbank offered rates will cease to exist or undergo changes 
that could increase the likelihood of the risks set out above materialising. 
 
3.3.3 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked 
to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) and where the 
applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate 
of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" 
(such as EURIBOR), for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation), the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled "If a Benchmark Event (as further described in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation)) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate 
Notes will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Floating Rate Notes, without any 
requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained" below). However, such fallback provisions may 
be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further 
explained below. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this 
may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the 
application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed on 
the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen 
Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark".

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation") which applies since 13 February 2021. 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on 
the European Commission or competent national authorities, such replacement being limited to contracts 
and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks 
have been further extended until the end of 2025. These provisions could have a significant negative impact 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing 
such benchmark. 
 
Notes linked to or referencing an Interbank Offered Rates (“IBOR”) will only transition away from such 
IBOR in accordance with their particular fallback arrangements in their terms and conditions. The operation 
of any such fallback arrangements could result in a less favourable return for Noteholders than they might 
receive under other similar securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which 
they may otherwise receive in the event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced 
to transition from any given IBOR to an alternative rate). 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, when making any investment decision with respect 
to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
 
3.3.4 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) or the Tokyo Overnight Average (“TONA”), as applicable, as 
reference rates in the capital markets for euro, U.S. dollar, sterling, Swiss franc or Japanese yen bonds, as 
applicable, as well as their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out 
in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in the future issue of notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, TONA or certain other swap rates relating to such risk-free rates in a way that differs materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer.  
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk-free rates is 
impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk-free rate or Notes 
referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical performance 
data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in 
SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market 
rates. 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the risk-free 
rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Terms and Conditions. In addition, market conventions 
for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates continue to develop and market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes may not be widely adopted by 
other market participants, if at all. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rates issued by it. If the 
market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect the market value of Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-free rates 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
 
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and 
the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There is a risk 
that the relevant risk-free rate will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such risk-free rate (or that any 
applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms and Conditions will provide a rate which 
is not economically equivalent for Noteholders). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes 
and the trading prices of such Notes. 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes. 
 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
 
3.3.5 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer 
may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may at any time be lower than the rates 
on the Issuer's other outstanding Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on the Issuer's other outstanding Notes. The conversion of the interest rate may affect 
the market yield of the Notes. Movements in the market spread could negatively affect the price of the Notes 
and could lead to losses for Noteholders. 
 
3.3.6 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes (as further described in Condition 5(d) (Zero Coupon Notes)) and 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount. The market value of such Notes 
tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate 
future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the value of the 
Notes. 
 
3.3.7 
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes") contain particular risks for potential investors, including 
the following:  
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and outside 
the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues 
to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly 
over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine 
foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.  
Subject to the prior receipt of all necessary governmental approvals, the relevant Issuer may remit the net 
proceeds from the offering of Renminbi Notes into the PRC. Such approvals may not be granted and, if granted, 
will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as capital 
contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific 
approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case 
basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being adjusted from time to time to match the 
policies of the PRC Government. 
In the event that the relevant Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, its 
ability to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from and registration with the relevant PRC 
government authorities. However, the necessary approvals from and registration with the relevant PRC 
government authorities may not be obtained at all or, if obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the 
future. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi 
to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control over cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the Renminbi 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC 
Government may not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In 
the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability 
of Renminbi outside of the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. The new PRC 
regulations may not be promulgated or current regulations (including but not limited to the settlement 
arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited clearing or Renminbi 
outside of the PRC) may be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market 
to service its Renminbi Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at 
all.  
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi Notes unless 
otherwise specified. The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and 
is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other 
factors. The PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-
point against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes. This change, and others that may be 
implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. As a result, 
the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment 
made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in that foreign currency will decline.  
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risks 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on the 
Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in the 
Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable 
notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. Dollars on the due 
date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case 
may be. Should the Issuer resort to using U.S. Dollars to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, 
the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, 
depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi 
Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations for such transfer and 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Renminbi Notes. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by 
any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). For persons 
holding Renminbi Notes through Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream payments will also be made 
subject to the procedures of Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream as applicable. If the custody and 
holding arrangements with respect to an investor’s Renminbi Notes do not comply with the foregoing, such 
investors may not receive timely payment under Renminbi Notes which would negatively affect such investors’ 
return. 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing rules, as amended from time to 
time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-PRC resident enterprise may be subject to 
PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. 
The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived 
by such non-PRC resident enterprise holder from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules 
have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent.  
 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-PRC 
resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and 
become subject to the EIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, apply or enforce the PRC 
Enterprise Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the 
PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including 
enterprise holders and individual holders, will not be subject to EIT on capital gains derived from a sale or 
exchange of the Notes.  
 
Therefore, if non-PRC enterprise or individual resident holders are required to pay PRC income tax on gains 
derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty between PRC and the 
jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise resident holders of Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or 
exempts the relevant EIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely 
affected.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
“This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information, all of which have 
been previously or simultaneously filed with the AMF and which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be 
deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus:   
(a) 
the English version of the universal registration document of the Issuer dated 12 April 2024 which includes 
an English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 
31 December 2023, and a free English translation of the statutory auditors' audit report on the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 and which was filed with the 
AMF on 12 April 2024 under no. D.24-0278 (the "2023 Universal Registration Document"), with the 
exception of the cover page (page 1) and Chapter 8 (pages 373 to 376) (available for viewing at: 
https://www.ayvens.com/-/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/regulated-information/2-annual-financial-reports-
registration-documents-ammendments/2023/2023-universal-registration-document-
pdf.pdf?rev=a5636d5f21dc4f7498e1b8f8ed231b80); 
(b) 
the English version of the universal registration document of the Issuer dated 12 April 2023 which 
includes an English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in 
respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, and a free English translation of the statutory auditors' 
audit report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2022 and which was filed with the AMF on 12 April 2023 under no. D.23-0261 (the 
"2022 Universal Registration Document"), with the exception of the cover page (page 1) and 
Chapter 8 (pages 303 to 306) (available for viewing at: https://www.ayvens.com/-
/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/regulated-information/2-annual-financial-reports-registration-
documents-ammendments/2022-universal-registration-document-
pdf.pdf?rev=cbb5fe0ca0c441129b1a85cae7d019e1); 
(c) 
the English version of the press release of the Issuer dated 3 May 2024 relating to the financial results for the 
first quarter 2024 (the "First Quarter 2024 Results") with the exception of pages 11 and 12 (available for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.ayvens.com/-/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/financial-results/2024/24-05-03_pr-
ayvens-q1-2024-financial-results_en.pdf?rev=51cf6a39c1df472da7f516c5467c6209); 
(d) 
the section "Terms and Conditions" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 31 August 
2022 (pages 36 to 84) filed with the AMF under number 22-366 on 31 August 2022 (the "EMTN 
2022 
Conditions") 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.ayvens.com/-
/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/debt/debt-investors/1-prospectus-and-supplements/31-august-2022-
ald-base-prospectus--eur-15000000000-euro-medium-term-note-
programme.pdf?rev=585a949d146d46f0aec311447715505a); and 
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 June 2023 (pages 
42 to 113) filed with the AMF under number 23-214 on 12 June 2023 (the "EMTN 2023 Conditions") 
(available for viewing at: https://www.ayvens.com/-/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/debt/debt-investors/1-
prospectus-and-supplements/12-june-2023-ald-base-prospectus--eur-15000000000-euro-medium-term-note-
programme.pdf?rev=263c295959794a6c980a8be492f34ed0); and 
Documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are published and available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-and-documents/).  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which 
appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
AMF.  
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is 
set out in the cross-reference lists below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation as amended, and not referred to in the cross-reference list below is either contained in the relevant sections 
of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the investors. Any information contained in the documents listed above 
which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
ANNEX VII OF THE COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 OF 14 MARCH 2019 (AS 
AMENDED) – REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR WHOLESALE NON-EQUITY SECURITIES 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page no. in the relevant document 
PAGE NO. OF THE 2023 
UNIVERSAL 
REGISTRATION 
DOCUMENT 
PAGE NO. OF THE 2022 
UNIVERSAL 
REGISTRATION 
DOCUMENT 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the issuer and that may affect the issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed 'Risk 
Factors'. 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on the issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
p.126-142 
N/A 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
4.1.1 
the legal and commercial name of the Issuer. 
p.366 
N/A 
4.1.3. the date of incorporation and the length of life of the 
Issuer, except where indefinite. 
p.366 
N/A 
4.1.4 
the domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its country 
of incorporation, and the address and telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
p.367 
N/A 
4.1.5. Any recent events particular to the issuer and which 
are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the 
issuer’s solvency. 
p.51 (Subsequent 
events), p. 326 (note 39 
to consolidated financial 
statements), First Quarter 
2024 Results 
N/A 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
 
5.1.1. A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
p.6-8, 9-17, 19-25, 39-42  
 
N/A 
5.1.2. The basis for any statements made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
p.17-18 
N/A

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer’s position within the group. This 
may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram 
of the organisational structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
p.34-35, 36 
N/A 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the 
group, this must be clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence. 
p.36 
N/A 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions in the issuer 
of the following persons, and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them outside the 
issuer where these are significant with respect to that 
issuer: 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
p.64-77, 83-90 
N/A 
9.2 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
p.91 
N/A 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled and 
by whom and describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused. 
p.57-58 
N/A 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change in control of the issuer. 
370 
N/A 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 
Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1 Audited historical financial information covering the 
latest 2 financial years and the audit report in respect 
of each year. 
p.240-334 
p.190-259

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
11.1.2 Change of accounting reference date 
If the issuer has changed its accounting reference date 
during the period for which historical financial 
information is required, the audited historical financial 
information shall cover at least 24 months, or the entire 
period for which the issuer has been in operation, 
whichever is shorter. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared according 
to International Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the 
financial statements must be prepared according to:  
(a) 
a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA as 
required by Directive 2013/34/EU;  
(b) 
a 
third 
country’s 
national 
accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 for third country issuers.  
Otherwise, the following information must be included 
in the registration document:  
(a) 
a prominent statement that the financial 
information included in the registration 
document 
has 
not 
been 
prepared 
in 
accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union 
based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and 
that there may be material differences in the 
financial information had Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical 
financial information;  
(b) 
immediately following the historical financial 
information, a narrative description of the 
differences between Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the 
accounting principles adopted by the issuer in 
preparing its annual financial statements. 
p.253 
p.201

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements 
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least the 
consolidated financial statements in the registration 
document. 
- Balance sheet: p.242-
243 
 
- Income Statement: 
p.240 
 
- 
Statement 
of 
comprehensive income: 
p.241 
 
- Statements of changes 
in equity: p.244-245 
 
- Cash flow statements: 
p.246-247 
 
- Notes to consolidated 
financial 
statements: 
p.248-329 
 
- Balance sheet: p.192-
193 
 
- Income Statement: p.190 
 
- 
Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income: 
p.191 
 
- Statements of changes in 
equity: p.194-195 
 
- Cash flow statements: 
p.196-197   
 
- Notes to consolidated 
financial 
statements: 
p.198-254  
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 months 
from the date of the registration document 
p.240-334  
p.190-259  
11.2 
Auditing of Historical financial information

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
11.2.1 The 
historical 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 2014/56/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. Where Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply:  
(a) 
the historical financial information must be 
audited or reported on as to whether or not, for 
the purposes of the registration document, it 
gives a true and fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable in a Member State 
or an equivalent standard.  
Otherwise, the following information must be 
included in the registration document:  
(i) 
a prominent statement disclosing which 
auditing standards have been applied;  
(ii) 
an 
explanation 
of 
any 
significant 
departures from International Standards 
on Auditing;  
(b) 
if audit reports on the historical financial 
information 
contain 
qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis 
of 
matter, 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in full and the 
reasons given. 
p.330-334 
p.255-259 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis 
of matter must be reproduced in full. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.2.2 Indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
N/A 
 
N/A 
 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had, in the recent past 
significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement. 
p.138-139 
N/A 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s 
business, which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to 
security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
ANNEX XX OF THE COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 (AS AMENDED) – PRO FORMA 
INFORMATION 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page no. in the 2023 
Universal Registration 
Document 
1. 
CONTENTS OF PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 
1.1 
 
 
 
 
The pro forma financial information shall consist of: 
(a)  an introduction setting out: 
(i)  the purpose for which the pro forma financial information has been 
prepared, including a description of the transaction or significant 
commitment and the businesses or entities involved; 
(ii)  the period or date covered by the pro forma financial information; 
(iii)  the fact that the pro forma financial information has been prepared 
for illustrative purposes only; 
(iv)  an explanation that: 
(1)  the pro forma financial information illustrates the impact of the 
transaction as if the transaction had been undertaken at an earlier 
date; 
(2)  the hypothetical financial position or results included in the pro 
forma financial information may differ from the entity’s actual 
financial position or results; 
(b)  a profit and loss account, a balance sheet or both, depending on the 
circumstances presented in a columnar format composed of: 
(i)  historical unadjusted information; 
(ii)  accounting policy adjustments, where necessary; 
(iii)  pro forma adjustments; 
(iv)  the results of the pro forma financial information in the final column; 
(c)  accompanying notes explaining: 
(i)  the sources from which the unadjusted financial information has been 
extracted and whether or not an audit or review report on the source has 
been published; 
(ii)  the basis upon which the pro forma financial information is prepared; 
(iii)  source and explanation for each adjustment; 
(iv)  whether each adjustment in respect of a pro forma profit and loss 
statement is expected to have a continuing impact on the issuer or not; 
(d)  where applicable, the financial information and interim financial 
information of the (or to be) acquired businesses or entities used in the 
preparation of the pro forma financial information must be included in the 
prospectus. 
p.355 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.356  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.355-360 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p.355-360 
 
 
 
2. 
PRINCIPLES IN PREPARING AND PRESENTING PRO FORMA 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
2.1 
The pro forma financial information shall be identified as such in order to 
distinguish it from historical financial information. 
The pro forma financial information must be prepared in a manner consistent 
with the accounting policies adopted by the issuer in its last or next financial 
statements. 
p.355-360 
2.2 
Pro forma information may only be published in respect of: 
(a)  the last completed financial period; and/or 
(b)  the most recent interim period for which relevant unadjusted information 
has been published or is included in the registration document/prospectus. 
p.355-360 
2.3 
Pro forma adjustments must comply with the following: 
(a)  be clearly shown and explained; 
(b)  present all significant effects directly attributable to the transaction; 
(c)  be factually supportable. 
p.355-360 
3 
REQUIREMENTS FOR AN ACCOUNTANT/AUDIT REPORT 
 
 
 
The prospectus shall include a report prepared by the independent accountants 
or auditors stating that in their opinion: 
(a)  the pro forma financial information has been properly compiled on the basis 
stated; 
(b)  that the basis referred to in (a) is consistent with the accounting policies of 
the issuer” 
p.361 
 
Investors should when reading the information incorporated by reference take into account the section headed "Recent Events" of 
this Base Prospectus which may modify or supersede the information incorporated by reference.  
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
EMTN 2022 Conditions 
Pages 36 to 84 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 31 August 2022  
EMTN 2023 Conditions 
Pages 42 to 113 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 12 June 2023  
 
The EMTN 2022 Conditions and the EMTN 2023 Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes 
already issued pursuant to the relevant EMTN 2022 Conditions or the EMTN 2023 Conditions. Non-incorporated 
parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 31 August 2022 and 12 June 2023 is not relevant for investors.”

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which shall constitute a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or a replacement base 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offer of Notes. The Issuer shall submit such supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or replacement base prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each Dealer with such number 
of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
This Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire on 4 July 2025 (included) and the obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will no longer apply. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
the Issuer (www.ayvens.com).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the text of the Terms and Conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but 
will be constituted by the following text as completed by Part A of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final 
Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms 
that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant 
Final Terms. References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Ayvens (the "Issuer") in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price 
thereof and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the “Final Terms”).  
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 4 July 2024 has been agreed between the Issuer, Société Générale 
as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation 
Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)”).  
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended from time to time. 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq.  
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte-titres). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs 
pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant 
final terms ("Final Terms"), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), which will 
be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in 
the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in 
an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent").

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time 
request from the central depositary the following identification information of the holders 
of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, 
e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them and any restrictions 
applicable to the Notes. 
 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Account Holder" means any financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, 
where appropriate, a talon (a "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity 
Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and 
are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes", "Zero Coupon Notes", or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the 
Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base 
Prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £ 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of 
the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall 
pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of 
any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
(iv) 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Holder”, "Holder of Notes" or "Holder of any Note", or 
"Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name 
appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupons 
("Couponholder"), or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the Holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 
calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and on or after the date on 
which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated 
has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the 
"EC"), as amended from time to time (the "Treaty")), or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects (in either case, "EMU"), redenominate all, but not some only, 
of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate nominal amount and the 
Specified Denomination(s), set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in 
these Terms and Conditions as the "Redenomination Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting 
the nominal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so 
elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the nominal amount of each Note using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Any balance remaining from the 
redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). 
Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner 
notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum 
denomination of each redenominated Note shall not be less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at 
the issue date). 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or 
any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without 
the consent of the Holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to 
these Terms and Conditions or Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation) 
(including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, 
business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in 
respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such Holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the Holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the Holder of any Note, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes, including, where applicable, any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° 
of the French Code monétaire et financier): 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and with all present or future senior 
preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(iii) 
 senior to all present or future: 
(A) 
senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all notes issued by the Issuer as direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
prior to its transformation into a financial holding company (compagnie financière holding) on 22 May 2023 
constitute senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article 
L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier). 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future holders of, or creditors in respect of, 
claims benefiting from statutory preferred exceptions (the “Preferred Creditors”); 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations 
referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary 
steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may 
have against the Issuer. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the June 
2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as 
supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by the Fédération Bancaire Française ("FBF") 
(together the "FBF Master Agreement") and in the ISDA Definitions, have either been used or 
reproduced in this Condition. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be supplemented or amended from time 
to time as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by ISDA, as may be supplemented or amended from time to time as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which T2 (as defined below) is operating (a "T2 Business 
Day"); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any), and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 — FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual 
/365 — FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number 
of calendar days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) 
the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the leap 
year and whose denominator is 366; 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual — ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of calendar days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number 
of calendar days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and the number of calendar 
days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
in each case where: 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
(viii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(ix) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(x) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(xi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(xii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
(Additifs Techniques) (including the FBF Benchmark Events Technical Schedule published in 2020) 
as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master Agreement"), as 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong.  
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, 
other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the 
Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two (2) 
Renminbi Dealers.  
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business 
Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, at the Issue Date, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided in each case that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as supplemented from time to time 
for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, all as determined as of the date of the 
relevant determination. 
"Margin" means, for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number for the applicable 
Interest Accrual Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, being specified that it may have a 
positive value, a negative value or equal zero. 
"Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to 
an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, 
due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is specified in the relevant Final Terms and calculated on the basis of the Terms and Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices 
of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, subject as provided 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international reputation 
active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi.  
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City.  
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Terms and Conditions.  
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on 
a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, 
the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar 
official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on 
the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may 
replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.  
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
thereto. 
"US Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using 
the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, except as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h) 
(Calculations). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Terms and Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it 
not been subject to adjustment; 
(B) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "Euribor" 
means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR 01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (together the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(d) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
(e) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date; 
(f) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(g) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions for 
which purpose references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in 
the ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue 
Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as 
defined in these Terms and Conditions); and 
(h) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
- the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 
- OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, “Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the “Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number 
is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), except as otherwise defined in such 
sub-paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with Lockout”, 
“Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift”, “Delayed Payment”, “Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, 
"Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", “Lockout Period 
Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation Period Shift”, “OIS 
Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Set 
in Advance” and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, where the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply, be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such 
purpose, references to “Relevant Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) Interbank Offered Rates (IBOR)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
(a) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination - IBOR" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) below, be either (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either (i) 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, 
in the case of in the case of the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate 
("NIBOR"), Prague time, in the case of the Prague inter-bank offered 
rate ("PRIBOR"), Stockholm time, in the case of the Stockholm inter-
bank offered rate ("STIBOR"), Warsaw time, in the case of the Warsaw 
inter-bank offered rate ("WIBOR") or Copenhagen time, in the case of 
the Copenhagen inter-bank offered rate ("CIBOR") or (ii) if otherwise, 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (C)(a)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or, if sub-paragraph (C)(a)(2) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, if the Reference Rate 
is NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks, if 
the Reference Rate is PRIBOR, the principal Prague office of each of the 
Reference Banks, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, if the Reference Rate 
is WIBOR, the principal Warsaw office of each of the Reference Banks, 
if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of each 
of the Reference Banks,  or (ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), if 
the Reference Rate is PRIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Prague 
time), if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time), if the Reference Rate is WIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Warsaw time), if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if otherwise, the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Relevant Screen Page Time, on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Oslo time), if the Reference Rate is PRIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Prague time), if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), if the Reference Rate is 
WIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Warsaw time), if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if 
otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), if the 
Reference Rate is PRIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Prague time), 
if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time), if the Reference Rate is WIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Warsaw time), if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if otherwise, the 
Relevant Screen Page Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period), except that if (i) the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith that the absence of quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Reference Rate (including the cessation of the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
publication of the Reference Rate or the cessation of the existence of the 
Reference Rate) or (ii) following the adoption of a decision to withdraw 
the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmark 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish any Reference Rate under any applicable laws or regulations, 
then the Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) below. 
(2) SONIA 
 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period could be either SONIA Lookback 
Compound or SONIA Observation Shift Compound, as follows: 
 
(x) if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
 
(y) if SONIA Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be SONIA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
 
Where: 
 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
 
where: 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
“ni ” means, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from 
and including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms; 
 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
 
“SONIAi-pLBD”, means for any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
 
“SONIA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
“do” means for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day, in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
“ni” means for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day 
(“i+1”); 
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date that is a number of London Banking Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period 
to, but excluding, the date that is a number of London Banking Days equal to 
the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA in respect of that London Banking 
Day “i”. 
 
Where:  
 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London;  
 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day.  
 
If, in respect of a relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms) determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five (5) days 
on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate. 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) shall, to the 
extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
 
(3) SOFR 
 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period could be either SOFR Lockout Compound, 
SOFR Lookback Compound or SOFR Observation Shift Compound, as follows:  
 
(x) if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any);  
 
(y) if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any); or  
 
(z) if SOFR Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will; subject as provided below, 
be USD-SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  
 
where:  
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
where:  
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;  
 
“I” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”);  
 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a 
SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date;  
 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day:  
 
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or 
 
(b) if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that SOFR with respect to 
each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest 
Period, will be the SOFR with respect to SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Period;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest)and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
 
Where:  
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;  
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”);  
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms;  
 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period;  
 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Interest Period, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”;  
 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
 
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or  
 
(b) if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website;  
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
“USD-SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:  
 
 
 
where:  
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
“do” means for any Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
 
“ni” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”);  
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest 
Period to, but excluding the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period;  
 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”;  
 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day:  
 
(c) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or  
 
(d) if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website;  
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  
 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time.  
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to those provisions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance 
or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
(i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the 
Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent or approval from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
 
As used herein:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR, as defined above provided that if the 
Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Calculation Agent as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero), that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenor, and other administrative

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; 
or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:  
 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;  
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark; or  
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative, that 
the Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes.  
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor 
definitional booklet to the 2021 ISDA Definitions as supplemented from time to 
time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time all as determined as of 
the date of the relevant determination under this Condition;  
 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable 
tenor;  
 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of Benchmark 
Transition Event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding 
the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) 
if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; 
 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source; 
 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
(4) SHIBOR 
 
“SHIBOR” means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on 
http://www.shibor.org, by China Foreign Exchange Trade System & National 
Interbank Funding Centre under the authorisation of the People's Bank of China, at 
around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each business day, including 8 critical terms,

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate for the 
corresponding period. 
 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will 
be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
 
(i) 
if, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination 
Date, a relevant SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then the 
relevant SHIBOR will be that rate; and for the purposes of these 
Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR in a critical term 
corresponding to the relevant Interest Period. 
 
(ii) 
if for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a 
certain Interest Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the 
business day immediately preceding that Interest Determination Date shall 
be applied in place thereof; 
 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the paragraph (ii) above, if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in respect of SHIBOR, Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) shall apply. 
 
(5) €STR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STER, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period could be either €STR Lookback Compound 
or €STR Observation Shift Compound, as follows: 
 
(x) if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); or 
 
(y) if €STR Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be €STR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
 
Where: 
 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
 
Where: 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
 
“do” for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period;  
 
“€STRi-pT2BD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days 
prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”;  
 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period;  
 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following T2 Business in the relevant Interest Period;  
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms;  
 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period.  
 
“€STR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:  
 
 
 
 
where:  
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
“do” means for any Observation Period, the number of T2 Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period;  
 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR in respect of that T2 Business Day “i”;  
 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business 
Day, in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
“ni” means for any T2 Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such T2 Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following T2 Business Day (“i+1”);  
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but 
excluding, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period;  
 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of T2 Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank.  
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate.  
 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate 
of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each 
relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes.  
 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), (i) the Rate 
of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for each relevant T2 Business 
Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date 
than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published 
ECB Recommended Rate nor Modified EDFR available, as if references to €STR 
for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each 
case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period).  
 
For the purpose of this Condition:  
 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
 
(1) 
 a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as 
amended from time to time; 
 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first T2 Business Day following the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 
thirty (30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the 
Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central 
Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised 
euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB 
€STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) 
on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator 
of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central 
bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
 
(6) TONA 
 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being TONA, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period could be either TONA lookback 
Compound, TONA Observation Shift Compound, as follows: 
 
(x) if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
 
(y) if TONA Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be TONA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
 
Where:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
“TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:  
 
 
 
where:  
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
 
“do” is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
 
“ni” means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and 
including such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Tokyo 
Banking Day (“i+1”); 
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms;  
 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final 
Terms;  
 
“TONAi-pTBD” means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
 
“TONA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
where: 
  
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
“do” means for any Observation Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period;  
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day, in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
“ni” means for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”);  
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from, and including, the date that is a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, 
but excluding, the date that is a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the number 
of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period;  
 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
 
“TONAi” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
 
Where:  
 
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo;  
 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Tokyo Overnight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as 
published by the Bank of Japan on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, 
on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day.  
 
If, in respect of a relevant Tokyo Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) determines that the TONA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding Tokyo Banking Day for

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
which the TONA was published by the Bank of Japan or such authorised 
distributors.  
 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).  
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
TONA, Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) shall apply. 
 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.  
 
(7) SARON 
 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SARON, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period could be either SARON lookback 
Compound or SARON Observation Shift Compound, as follows: 
 
(x) 
if SARON Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below be SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
 
(y) 
if SARON Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below be SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
 
 “SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SARON as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1+ SARONi-pZBD×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (i+1); 
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Zurich Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
 
“SARONi-pZBD” means in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SARON for the Zurich Banking Day falling 
“p” Zurich Banking Day prior to the relevant Zurich Banking Day “i”, as provided 
by the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised distributors of 
SARON in respect of that day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day. 
 
“SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SARON as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1+ SARONi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
  
“d0”, for any SARON Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant SARON Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (i+1); 
 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period, the SARON in respect of that Zurich Banking Day “i”, as 
provided by the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised distributors 
of SARON in respect of that day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day; and 
 
“SARON Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal 
to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period. 
 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer (and acting as 
independent expert), failing which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the 
SARON Reference Time on any Zurich Banking Day that a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and the related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent or such other entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, shall determine the SARON Replacement Rate.  
 
If the Issuer is notified by the Calculation Agent, or any another entity appointed 
by the Issuer (and acting as independent expert), that there is no Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate and the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day 
with respect to which SARON is to be determined has not been published on such 
Zurich Banking Day (the “Affected Zurich Banking Day”), then the Issuer will 
appoint an agent (the “Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) on or prior to 
the first Zurich Banking Day in respect of which a SARON Index Cessation Event

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
and related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred and for which 
the SNB Policy Rate has not been published.  
 
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine whether to use an 
alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the “Affected SARON Observation Period”) 
and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter.  
 
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest: 
 
I. the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall determine: (A) the method for 
determining the SARON Replacement Rate (including any alternative method for 
determining the SARON Replacement Rate if such alternative rate is unavailable 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date), which method shall be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for the SARON Replacement Rate and (B) any 
adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the SARON Replacement Rate 
comparable to the then-current SARON Benchmark consistent with industry-
accepted practices for the SARON Replacement Rate; 
 
II. for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in 
the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON Observation Periods 
thereafter, references to SARON in the Conditions shall be deemed to be references 
to the SARON Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate and any adjustment factor as described in sub-clause I above; 
 
III. the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make SARON Replacement 
Conforming Changes with respect to the Notes from time to time; 
 
IV. any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition, including any SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the relevant Notes, will 
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and will be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
 
V. to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition and any other 
Conditions, this Condition shall prevail with respect to any Notes for which the Rate 
of Interest is calculated in accordance with this Condition; 
 
VI. the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a SARON 
Replacement Rate to replace the then-current SARON Benchmark and apply any 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent SARON 
Index Cessation Event; and 
 
VII. where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are announced prior to 
the relevant SARON Index Cessation Effective Date then the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may on or after such earlier announcement date give notice to

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the relevant changes which will be 
made to the Notes, provided that, such changes will only take effect as of the 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date. 
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer (and acting as independent expert) pursuant to this Condition, as applicable, 
including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), as 
applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the Notes or any other party. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
“Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate:  
 
(a) the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), formula or methodology 
for calculating such a spread, that the Recommending Body has recommended be 
applied to such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate in the case of fixed 
income securities with respect to which such Recommended SARON Replacement 
Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for the 
purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
 
(b) if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in clause (a) above to be applied to such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate, for the purposes of determining SARON, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the spread, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate. The Calculation 
Agent will take into account industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities 
with respect to which such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for the purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
 
“Recommended SARON Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any 
working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for the purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to 
reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or 
committee, the “Recommending Body”);

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day:  
 
(a) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by 
the SARON Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
which displays the information) at the SARON Reference Time;  
 
(b) if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, other than as a consequence of a 
SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published on the Relevant Screen 
Page for the first preceding Zurich Banking Day for which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight was published on the Relevant Screen Page; or  
 
(c) if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day as a consequence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event for which a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred 
at or prior to the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the SARON 
Replacement Rate determined in accordance with this Condition;  
 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor 
administrator); 
 
“SARON Benchmark” means, initially, SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND or 
SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND, provided that, if a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current SARON Benchmark, then "SARON Benchmark" means the 
applicable SARON Replacement Rate. 
 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
 
(a) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight,  
 
(b) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
sub-paragraph (b), (x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
 
(i) the date of such statement or publication; 
 
(ii) the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on which 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be representative; and 
 
(iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-paragraph (b)(y) of the 
definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in sub-
paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this sub-paragraph (b), the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(c) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
sub-paragraph (b)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used. 
 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the 
SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator 
or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
is no longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, 
or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, 
which statement, in the case of sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily 
limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives. 
 
“SARON Reference Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the close 
of trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on 
such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);  
 
“SARON Replacement Rate” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date:  
 
(a) the Recommended SARON Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, 
and the related Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread, if any, published on 
such Zurich Banking Day;  
 
(b) the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any; or  
 
(c) the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SARON Benchmark, 
being such industry-accepted successor rate or, if no such rate exists, it shall select 
such rate that it has determined is most comparable to the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
 
“SARON Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
SARON Replacement Rate, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of determining rates with 
respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention, amendments to 
any other Condition and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
SARON Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use 
of the SARON Replacement Rate exists, in such other manner as the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines 
is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner); 
 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread 
to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for the purposes of determining SARON, 
which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the 
two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the 
date on which the first of such events occurred); and 
 
“Zurich Banking Day” means any day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final terms), the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), "Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in 
relation to FBF Determination, the period of time specified in the relevant FBF 
Rate, (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity, and (c) in 
relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate. 
(E) 
Benchmark discontinuation

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and 
Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall 
not apply and shall not prevail over other fallbacks specified in Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(A) (FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes), 5(c)(iii)(B) (ISDA 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) and shall not apply to SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR and SARON.  
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(c) (Adjustment Spread) below) and any 
Benchmark Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments) below). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of manifest 
error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) ); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation)).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
The determination of any Adjustment Spread by the Independent Adviser shall 
not affect the application, with respect to a particular Interest Period, of the 
Margin specified as applicable to such Interest Period in the Final Terms.  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of 
Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and 
(B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e) (Benchmark 
Amendments), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
The Benchmark Amendments referred to above, determined by the Independent 
Adviser as appropriate to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, (i) shall only relate to the terms, 
notions and definitions used in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations), 
to the exclusion of any commercial terms relating to the Issuer and reflected in 
other Conditions, and (ii) shall only be made, in accordance with customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets, to reduce or eliminate, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence 
of manifest error) in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival or Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this 
Conditions 5(c)(iii)(E), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, 
the fallbacks for the Original Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), 
namely the Rate of Interest determined on the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date will continue to apply to such determination (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) 
(Benchmark discontinuation), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms). This may result in the Rate of 
Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date being the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in question. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) : 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body or (if no such recommendation 
has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
b) the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied); 
c) the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) and 
which is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions  
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or 
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in b) (i); 
or 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently of 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (d)(i); or 
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six (6) months; or 
f) it has or will prior to the nest Interest Determination Date become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable); or 
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant 
to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original Reference 
Rate has been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the 
opinion of the supervisor is no longer representative of an underlying 
market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent the Paying Agents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor 
the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, 
as amended. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(a) (Independent Adviser).  
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable):  
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates, is most appropriate, 
taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer.  
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: The Final Terms will specify the accrual yield (the “Accrual Yield”), the 
reference price (the “Reference Price”) and the Day Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts and late payment (pursuant to the provisions of Conditions 5(j) (Early Redemption 
Amounts) and 5(k) (Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes)).  
Where a Zero Coupon Note is redeemed or becomes due and repayable, the amount due and 
repayable (the “Amortised Face Amount”) shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) the Reference Price; and  
(B) the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the Final Terms (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms. 
(f) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, 
in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph, provided that the Minimum Rate of Interest, being the relevant Rate of 
Interest plus any relevant margin, shall be deemed equal to 0. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, (x) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) 
all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount 
of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such 
period in the Final Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for 
such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be 
the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination 
of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
the Couponholders or any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such 
Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day 
Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times one 
or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding (as defined below). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Terms and Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Terms and 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions,  
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption 
and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form 
and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 7(a) (Dematerialised Notes), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account 
of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) (Dematerialised Notes) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to 
the relevant account with, or, by check drawn on, a Bank as provided in Condition 7(b) (Materialised Bearer Notes) 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Bearer Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, 
as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) 
those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Terms and Conditions, (e) in the case of 
Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange 
for replacement Bearer Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Bearer 
Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer 
Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Bearer 
Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency (the “Final Redemption 
Amount”). 
The Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following 
paragraphs: 
(i) Final Redemption Amount: at par; 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount: a fixed amount per Specified Denomination or Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Make-Whole Call Option: If a Make-Whole Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time (the "Make-
Whole Redemption Date") and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders, and the Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole or in part , at their Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount as defined below.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice (i.e. the Make-Whole Redemption Date) in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out 
below: 
 “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Notes up to the Maturity Date, or, if such call options are specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the earliest of the Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the Residual Maturity Call Option in accordance with Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Call Option) or Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Paris time) 
("Reference Dealer Quotation") or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provision of Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(b) (Make-Whole Call Option). 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Optional Redemption Date 
and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable 
notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem the 
outstanding Notes, in whole or in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in 
Condition 6(i) (Optional Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and nor more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, both as specified in the relevant Final Terms. All Notes in respect of which

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with 
this Condition. 
Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in relation 
to that Note if, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the Holder of such Note had already 
delivered a Put Notice in relation to that Note in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders).  
 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to Holders of such 
Materialised Notes and the Coupons shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected, at the option of the Issuer, by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of 
the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount redeemed). 
 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable 
to, such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a 
partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 
of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the 
website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted 
to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but 
not surrendered. 
 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time during the period starting on (and 
including) the Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date, and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholders may at their option, on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date, having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar 
days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), require the redemption of such Notes. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, in whole but not in part, such Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(i) 
(Optional Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms).  
Before the exercise of a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Notes certain 
conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. To exercise such option the Noteholder 
must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office during usual business hours a duly

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
completed option exercise notice (the "Put Notice") in the form obtained from any Paying Agent 
or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period.  
In the case of Materialised Notes, the Put Notice shall have attached to it such Note(s) (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to 
the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Notice. No option so exercised and, where 
applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
If the Note is a Materialised Note and is held through a Clearing System, to exercise the right to 
require redemption of the Note, the Noteholder must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the Clearing System 
(which may include notice being given on his instruction by such Clearing System or any common 
depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to such Clearing 
System from time to time and, if such Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate (as 
prescribed in the Agency Agreement), at the same time present or procure the presentation of such 
Temporary Global Certificate to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to require redemption of such Notes in accordance with 
this Condition must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Clearing System 
and if there is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System, then the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System shall prevail. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “Clearing System” shall mean Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and/or any other clearing system or institution through which the Notes are held for the 
time being and such shall include (where appropriate) any relevant central securities depository 
relating thereto. 
Any Put Notice given by a Noteholder pursuant to this paragraph shall be: 
(A) 
irrevocable except where prior to the Optional Redemption Date an Event of Default (if 
any) has occurred and is continuing in which event such Holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead 
to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of 
Default); and 
(B) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Note if, prior to the giving of such Put Notice by 
the relevant Noteholder: (i) the Issuer had notified the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of its intention to effect a partial redemption of the Notes in a Series and such Note had 
been selected for redemption (including, without limitation, pursuant to the partial 
reduction in the nominal amount of all Notes in a Series or the redemption in full of some 
only of the Notes in a Series), or (ii) the Issuer had notified the Noteholders of its intention 
to redeem all of the Notes in a Series then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 
6(b) (Make-Whole Call Option), Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
Condition 6(d), (Residual Maturity Call Option) or Condition 6(f) (Clean Up Call Option). 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and if at least 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the Final Terms (the “Clean-
up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which 
for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may at 
any time, at its option and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption 
Amount, as provided in Condition 5(i) (Optional Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, with 
any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption).  
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment 
without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8(b) (Additional 
Amounts) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), subject 
to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
French taxes. 
 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts) below, then 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall 
upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided 
that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption 
pursuant to such notice of Noteholders and the Couponholders shall be the later of (i) the 
latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due 
and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice 
to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given 
shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
(h) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of 
such law, becoming effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than 
thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption.  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
 
For the purposes of 
- Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer),  
- Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), and/or  
- Condition 6(f) (Clean-Up Call Option), the Notes will be redeemed on any date or dates as 
specified in the Final Terms (the “Optional Redemption Date(s)”) or on the date specified in the 
relevant notice, and at the amount (the “Optional Redemption Amount”) calculated as follows:  
 
(i) in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) at the amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(ii) in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
 
(j) 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
For the purposes of: 
- Condition 6(g) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons),  
- Condition 6(h) (Illegality),  
- Condition 9 (Events of Default), as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on the date 
specified in the relevant notice (it being understood that such date shall be an Interest Payment Date, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the amount (the “Early Redemption Amount”) calculated as 
follows: 
 
(i) in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes), at the amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(ii) in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(k) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note, pursuant to this Condition or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
9 (Events of default), as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 3(d) (Zero Coupon Notes) up to (but excluding) the date on which all amounts due in 
respect of such Note have been paid. 
(l) 
Purchases: The Issuer or any agent on its behalf, shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise (at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Notes so purchased (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) by or on behalf 
of the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be cancelled forthwith, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by 
surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in 
each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to 
payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall 
(in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer 
Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual 
business hours of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a 
Bank. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in 
a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes 
are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or 
the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require; 
(iii) 
a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Terms and Conditions so 
require; 
(iv) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including 
Paris so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, in either case, so long 
as the rules of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require); 
(v) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent; and 
(vi) 
such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes 
may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) (Redenomination) with 
a view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall 
be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes 
and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, they should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to 
the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)).

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Bearer Note comprising a 
Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the 
relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)), provided that, in respect of Notes 
listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take place at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, as a case may be, in Paris. 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Coupon is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to 
an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a T2 Business Day. 
(i) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and 
Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs and, as such, the Issuer 
is not able or it would be impracticable for it, after confirmation of such unavailability by a 
Renminbi Dealer, to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB 
Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole 
or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9 (Events 
of Default).  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and 
all Noteholders.  
These provisions may be supplemented in the relevant Final Terms.  
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and/or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties whatsoever or any other governmental charges of whatever nature, 
the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the 
case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case 
of Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except 
to the extent that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the 
thirtieth (30th) such day; or 
(iii) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: when such withholding or deduction is required to 
be made by reason of that interest or Coupon being (x) paid to an account held in, or (y) 
paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory 
(Etat ou territoire non coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts (other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the same code) for 
the purposes of Articles 125 A III, and 119 bis, 2 of the same code, and as defined in Article 
238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (including those mentioned in Article 238-
0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the same code) for the purposes of Article 238 A of the same code. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven calendar days after that on 
which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
being made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and 
all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11 (Meeting and voting provisions)) upon written 
request of any Noteholder may, or if the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, any Noteholder may give 
written notice to the Issuer that the Notes held by such Noteholder are and they shall accordingly forthwith 
become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with, if appropriate and 
subject as otherwise provided herein, interest accrued to the date of repayment, upon the occurrence of any 
of the following events (each an “Event of Default”):  
(i) 
default by the Issuer is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the Notes 
of a Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of thirty (30) calendar days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes of 
a given Series and (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for a period of 60 
calendar days next following the service on the Issuer of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(iii) 
a judgment is issued for judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole of 
the Issuer's business (cession totale de l'entreprise à la suite d'un plan de cession), or the Issuer is 
subject to any similar insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings whatsoever, or in the absence of legal 
proceedings the Issuer makes a conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its 
creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Meeting and voting provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and votings by, the Noteholders, the following definitions shall apply: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a 
single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting 
thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations);

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition passed (x) at a 
General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described herein or (y) by a 
Written Resolution; and 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (vi) (A) below; and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than seventy-five (75) per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
References to a Written Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution 
approved by Electronic Consent.  
(G) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day on 
which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(a) 
No Masse  
If the Final Terms specify “No Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) General 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(a) 
the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and 
acting in part through a representative of the noteholders (représentant de la masse) and 
through general meetings; however, 
 
(b) 
Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L. 228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-
61 (with the exception of the first paragraph thereof), L. 228-65 (with the exception of 
Article L. 228-65 I 1°, Article L. 228-65 I 3°, Article L. 228-65 I 4° Article L. 228-65 I 
6°, and the second sentence of Article L. 228-65 II), L. 228-66, L. 228-67, L. 228-68, L. 
228-69, L. 228-71 (with the exception of the second sentence of the first paragraph and 
the second paragraph thereof), L. 228-72, L. 228-73 (with the exception of the third 
paragraph thereof), L. 228-76, L. 228-88, R.228-61, R. 228-65 to R. 228-76, R. 228-79 
and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of 
noteholders shall apply to the General Meetings, provided however that whenever the 
words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, “d’une 
masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la 
masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en 
assemblée” or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in those provisions, they shall 
be deemed to be deleted, and subject to the following provisions of this Condition. 
(ii) Convening of a General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one tenth (10 per cent.) of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such 
General Meeting has not been convened within seven (7) calendar days after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting and determine its agenda. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under Condition 14 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting. Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy,

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders. 
(iii) Arrangements for Voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes only, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other 
means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders as provided 
mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce (upon referral of Article 
R.228-68 of the French Code de commerce).  
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note.  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of 
a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on 
the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting.  
 
(iii) Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, actions 
and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer 
for the defence of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the 
General Meeting.  
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple 
majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
 
(v) Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of their members to be chairman 
(the “Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes and 
present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of 
the original meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) Quorum, Adjournment and Voting 
The quorum at any meeting for passing a Resolution shall be one or more Noteholders present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than twenty (20) per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular 
business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present, the meeting shall if convened by Noteholders be dissolved. In any other case, it 
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than ten (10) calendar days nor more than fifteen (15) 
calendar days and at a place appointed by the Chairman and approved by the Fiscal Agent. If within 
15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after the time 
appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular 
business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present, the Chairman may either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being 
not less than ten (10) calendar days (but without any maximum number of calendar days) and to a 
place as may be appointed by the Chairman (either at or after the adjourned meeting) and approved 
by the Fiscal Agent, and the provisions of this sentence shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Noteholders present (whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall 
(subject as provided below) have power to pass any Resolution and to decide upon all matters which 
could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the adjournment took place had the 
required quorum been present. 
Notice of any adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) but not 
less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of a General Meeting. 
Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a majority of the votes cast by Noteholders attending or 
represented at such General Meetings for the approval of a Resolution. 
(vi) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent  
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of 
any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of 
convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from the 
Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence a 
Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents 
in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. 
Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce 
approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 14 (Notices) 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written 
Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their 
Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
 
(viii) Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall 
be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, 
in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written 
Resolution or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the Resolution 
accordingly. 
(ix) Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting and Written Resolution Date, to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered 
office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
 
(x) Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and 
seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon 
by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no 
expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
 
(xi) Exclusion of the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° and 4° of the French Code de commerce 
in certain circumstances 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior 
approval of the Noteholders in relation to any change in the Issuer’s corporate purpose or status, 
shall not apply to the Notes. 
 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior 
approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases 
referred to in Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce, shall not apply 
to the Notes. 
 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 4° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior 
approval of the Noteholders in relation to an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté 
réelle), shall not apply to the Notes. 
 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 6° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a prior 
approval of the Noteholders in relation to on any proposal to transfer the registered office of a 
société européenne to another European Member State, shall not apply to the Notes.  
 
(b) 
Contractual Masse

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
masse (in each case, the “Masse”). 
 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception 
of Article L.228-48, the second paragraph of Article L. 228-51, Article L.228-65, I, 1°, 3°, 4° and 
6°, the second sentence of the first paragraph of Article L.228-71 and Articles R.228-61, R.228-63, 
R.228-69, R.228-79 and R.236-11, and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the “General 
Meeting”). 
(ii) Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions set out in Article L.228-51 of the French Code 
de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate may be set out 
in the Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. The 
Representative will be entitled to a remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the Final Terms.  
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of 
a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting.  
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of 
date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on 
first convocation, and five (5) calendar days on second convocation.  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article 
R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce (upon referral of Article R.228-68 of the French Code 
de commerce).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note.  
In accordance with Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce, 
(i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to 
override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the objects or 
corporate form of the Issuer made pursuant to Article L.228-65, I, 1° or (iii) the decision of the 
Issuer to offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant 
to Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iv) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 12(i)(vii) (Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent) is deemed to be reproduced here.  
(c) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the day of each General Meeting, and, in the case of an adjourned 
General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the five (5) calendar days period preceding the holding 
of such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the Resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports prepared in connection 
with such Resolutions, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at 
the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(d) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, the calling and holding of 
General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(e) 
Single Masse 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the holders of Notes of the same Series, and 
the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been consolidated (assimilées for the purposes 
of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13 
(Further Issues and Consolidation), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Notes issued will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(f) 
One Noteholder 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, if and for so long as the Notes of any Series 
are held by a single Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. Such sole 
Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this capacity, shall provide 
copies of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make them available, upon request, to any subsequent 
holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(g) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer has 
the right to amend the Terms and Conditions, without having to obtain the prior approval of the 
Noteholders, in order to correct a mistake which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
addition, no consent or approval of the Noteholders shall be required in order to comply with or 
make any modifications or amendments to the Notes or the Agency Agreement as the Issuer or the 
Fiscal Agent may deem necessary or desirable to reflect or incorporate requirements, regulations, 
pronouncements, orders or laws imposed, required by or issued pursuant to the Bail-in Power. 
12. 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single 
series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects 
(or in all respects save for the nominal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the 
relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 calendar days' prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more 
other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies 
or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the Holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe or (z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and (b) so long as such Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and, to the extent applicable, laws or regulations 
or the rules of such Regulated Market so require (x) in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading is located and/or (y) on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market 
of the EEA Member State where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the Holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall 
be valid if published (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
(a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), 
or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des 
marchés financiers and (ii) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and, to the extent applicable, laws or regulations or the rules of such Regulated Market so 
require (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and/or (b) on the website 
of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of 
Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the Holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) pursuant to these Terms and Conditions may be given by: 
(i) 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared; or 
(ii) 
 by publication on the Issuer’s website (https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-
and-documents/debt-documents/), 
in each case, in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b) and 
(c) above. 
15. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 15, includes any 
current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), including on a 
permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights 
under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the “Amounts Due” are the prevailing outstanding amount of the Notes, and any accrued 
and unpaid interest on the Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no longer due. 
For these purposes, the “Bail-in Power” is any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, 
rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms of 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 12 June 2014 as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 (the “BRRD II”)) (the “BRRD”), including without limitation pursuant 
to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions 
d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended from time 
to time, the “20 August 2015 Decree Law”), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the “SRM 
Regulation”), or otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated 
Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified 
in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted 
into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in 
connection with the implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a “Regulated Entity” is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the Code 
as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, 
and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
A reference to the “Relevant Resolution Authority” is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
(the “ACPR”), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time (including 
the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
SRM Regulation).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such 
repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be 
permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France and the European Union 
applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the 
Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal 
Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to 
Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each Noteholder 
(including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal Agent shall not 
be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties 
upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-In 
Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties under 
the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following such completion to the 
extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total Amounts 
Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in Power will be made 
on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition 15 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of 
any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a Note. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 15, including, but not limited to, those 
incurred by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any Noteholder. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (and, where applicable, 
the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (and where 
applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) may be brought before any competent court of the 
jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description of the 
Programme — Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; 
and 
(ii) otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall 
be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to 
any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global 
Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not 
already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be 
security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive 
Bearer Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant 
to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling 
after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer either: 
- for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
- as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds; or 
- as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of the issue of “green and positive impact” Notes (the "Green and 
Positive Impact Notes"), an amount equivalent to the net proceeds will be applied exclusively for the financing or 
refinancing of eligible vehicles (such projects the "Eligible vehicles"), that contribute to the development of clean 
transportation and the transition to a low carbon future in accordance with the eligibility criteria set out in the green 
and positive impact bonds framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Framework") which 
is available on the website of the Issuer: https://www.ayvens.com/-/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/debt/debt-
investors/3-green-bond/june-2022--green-and-positive-impact-bond-
framework.pdf?rev=54a69bebd4ee4a698fdd62edd77e36b9. The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation 
and selection, management of proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set out in the Green Bond Principles 
published by the International Capital Markets Association (the “ICMA”) and the United Nations Environment 
Programme Finance Initiative’s Principles for Positive Impact Finance (the “PPIF”), as they may be further updated. 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green 
Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds 
was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 30 November 2023. The regulation, which entered 
into force on 20 December 2023 will apply from 21 December 2024. It introduces a voluntary label (the "European 
Green Bond Standard") for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds where the proceeds will be invested in economic 
activities aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation. The Green and Positive Impact Notes issued under this Programme 
will not be issued according to such European Green Bond Standard. They are intended to comply only with the 
criteria and processes set out in the Issuer’s Framework. 
The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and the 
external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for 
any issue in connection with its content. 
The Issuer has appointed ISS Corporate Solutions to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") 
on the Framework’s environmental and social credentials and its alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 
and the PPIF. 
This 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.ayvens.com/-
/media/ayvens/public/cp/files/debt/debt-investors/3-green-bond/26-october-2023---second-party-opinion-
ald.pdf?rev=95465eb0f6434c9e8d55e9e88446ab9f). It may by further updated or expended to reflect evolution in 
market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities. 
Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion, to be provided following an 
amendment to the Framework, the publication of a new framework or in application of any new legislation or 
regulation, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
The Issuer will publish, on an annual basis and until the maturity of the Green and Positive Impact Notes, a reporting on the 
allocation of the net proceeds and expected positive impact of the Eligible vehicles. The Issuer will also make public an assurance 
report provided by its external auditors or any other appointed independent third party. Such reports are available on the Issuer’s 
website: https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-and-documents/debt-documents/

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Neither the Second Party Opinion nor the Framework is incorporated in, and they do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments in Eligible vehicles, 
as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the Framework for further 
information.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
RECENT EVENTS 
 
Change of corporate name of the Issuer 
 
During its meeting held on 14 May 2024, the extraordinary shareholders assembly of the Issuer decided to change the 
corporate name of the Issuer and to adopt the following corporate name: Ayvens. 
 
Appointment of statutory auditors of the Issuer 
 
On 14 May 2024, the combined shareholder meeting of the Issuer (i) resolved to appoint as statutory auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (member of the French Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de 
Versailles et du Centre), whose registered office is located at 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine, for a period 
of six financial years, i.e. until the end of the shareholders general meeting to be held in 2030 called to approve the 
financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2029 (ii) acknowledged the effective resignation as 
of 14 May 2024 of Ernst & Young et Autres as statutory auditor, and (iii) resolved to appoint KPMG (member of the 
French Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre) as statutory auditor, whose 
registered office is located at Tour Eqho, 2 avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex, for the remainder of 
the term of office of Ernst & Young et Autres, i.e. until the end of the shareholders general meeting to be held in 2028 
called to approve the financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2027. 
 
Deloitte & Associés was appointed by decision of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer of 3 June 2013, and renewed 
by decision of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer of 22 May 2019, to end at the shareholders’ meeting to be 
convened to approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2024.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Words and expressions defined in section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings 
in this section.  
 
Upon completion of the acquisition of LeasePlan, Ayvens became a regulated entity with the status of financial 
holding company (compagnie financière holding). As such, the Group shall endeavour to comply with all legal 
obligations associated with this status. From a prudential point of view, Ayvens has also become a "significant" 
financial institution, which implies that it will be directly supervised by the European Central Bank ("ECB"), but also 
by the ACPR, in their respective areas of competence. Ayvens will be the sole bond issuer within the Group going 
forward and will only issue senior preferred debt under its Programme. 
 
The French Banking System 
 
The French banking system consists primarily of privately-owned banks and other financial institutions such as 
financial holding companies (compagnies financières holding) such as the Issuer, as well as certain state-owned banks 
and financial institutions, all of which are subject to a common body of banking laws and regulations. 
 
French Consultative and Supervisory Bodies 
 
The French Monetary and Financial Code ("Code monétaire et financier") sets forth the conditions under which 
credit institutions and other financial institutions including financial holding companies (compagnies financières 
holding) such as the Issuer, may operate. The Code monétaire et financier vests related supervisory and regulatory 
powers in certain administrative authorities. 
 
The Financial Sector Consultative Committee (Comité consultatif du secteur financier) is made up of representatives 
of financial institutions (such as credit institutions, electronic money institutions, payment institutions, investment 
firms, insurance companies and insurance brokers) and client representatives. This committee is a consultative 
organization that studies the relations between financial institutions and their respective clientele and proposes 
appropriate measures in this area. 
 
The Consultative Committee on Financial Legislation and Regulations (Comité consultatif de la législation et de la 
réglementation financières) reviews, at the request of the French Minister of the Economy, any draft bills or 
regulations, as well as any draft European directives or regulations relating to the insurance, banking, electronic 
money, payment services and investment services industry other than those draft regulations relating to, or falling 
within the jurisdiction of, the AMF. 
 
The High Council for Financial Stability (Haut Conseil de stabilité financière) (the “HCSF”) is the French 
macroprudential authority tasked with supervising the financial system as a whole, with the aim of safeguarding its 
stability and ensuring a sustainable contribution of the financial sector to economic growth. Its mission is to help to 
mitigate and prevent systemic risks. The HCSF’s action is part of a broader European framework. Its decisions are 
taken in collaboration with the European Commission, the ECB, the European Systemic Risk Board (the “ESRB”), 
the European Banking Authority (the “EBA”), and the macroprudential authorities of the other European Union 
Member States. 
 
Pursuant to European Union regulations establishing a single supervisory mechanism for the Eurozone and opt-in 
countries the ECB has become the supervisory authority for large European credit institutions and banking groups. 
This supervision is carried out in France in close cooperation with the ACPR (in particular with respect to reporting 
collection and on-site inspections). 
 
The ECB is exclusively responsible for prudential supervision, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (a) authorize 
and withdraw authorization; (b) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other credit institutions; (c) ensure 
compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general European Union banking rules; (d) set, where 
necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain credit institutions to protect financial stability under the 
conditions provided by European Union law and (e) impose robust corporate governance practices and internal capital 
adequacy. Where applicable regulations have been violated, the ECB may impose administrative sanctions. The

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
ACPR, on the other hand, continues to be responsible for supervisory matters not conferred to the ECB, such as 
consumer protection, anti-money laundering, payment services and branches of third country banks. 
 
Subject to direct supervisory powers which may be attributed to the ECB on certain subject matters, the ACPR 
supervises financial institutions and insurance undertakings and is in charge of ensuring the protection of consumers 
and the stability of the financial system. The ACPR is chaired by the Governor of the Banque de France. Following 
enactment of the banking law No. 2013-672 of 26 July 2013, the ACP was also designated as the French resolution 
authority and became the ACPR. 
 
Subject to direct supervisory powers attributed to the ECB on certain large financial entities such as the Issuer, the 
ACPR makes individual decisions, grants banking and investment firm licenses and grants specific exemptions as 
provided in applicable banking regulations. As a supervisory authority, it is in charge of supervising, in particular, 
credit institutions, financing companies, investment firms (other than portfolio management companies which are 
supervised by the AMF) and financial holding companies such as the Issuer. It monitors compliance with the laws 
and regulations applicable to such credit institutions, financing companies, investment firms and financial holding 
companies and controls their financial standing. Financial institutions such as the Issuer are required to submit to the 
ACPR periodic (monthly, quarterly or semi-annually) accounting reports concerning the principal areas of their 
business. The ACPR may also request additional information it deems necessary and carry out on-site inspections. 
These reports and controls allow a close monitoring by the ACPR of the financial condition of each financial 
institution.  
 
Where regulations have been violated, the ACPR may impose administrative sanctions, which may include warnings, 
financial sanctions and deregistration of a financial institution or a resulting in its winding-up. The ACPR has also 
the power to appoint a temporary administrator to temporarily manage a financial institution that it deems to be 
mismanaged. These decisions of the ACPR may be appealed to the French Administrative Supreme Court (Conseil 
d’Etat). Insolvency proceedings may be initiated against financial institution only after prior permission by the ACPR. 
 
Financial holding companies 
 
In 2019, the Capital Requirements Directive (as defined below) was amended by virtue of the Capital Requirements 
Directive V (as defined below) in respect to several aspects, including the supervision of financial holding companies 
and mixed financial holding companies. The key rationale was to lay down a specific approval procedure and direct 
supervisory powers over, in particular, certain financial holding companies and mixed financial holding companies 
in order to ensure that such holding companies can be held directly responsible for ensuring compliance with 
consolidated prudential requirements. In France, the Capital Requirements Directive V was implemented by the 
Ordinance No. 2020-1635 of 21 December 2020 containing various provisions for the adaptation of the legislation to 
European Union law in financial matters.  
 
In accordance with Articles L. 517-1 et seq. of Code monétaire et financier, certain financial holding companies must 
obtain approval from the ACPR or the ECB (in the situation where they belong to a banking group directly supervised 
by the ECB). They must also comply with various prudential requirements such as own funds requirements. Pursuant 
to Article L. 613-34 of the Code monétaire et financier, financial holding companies are subject to the resolution 
framework in France (see “Resolution Framework in France and European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” 
below). 
 
Following the acquisition of LeasePlan, Ayvens became a regulated entity with the status of financial holding 
company (compagnie financière holding). From a prudential point of view, Ayvens has become a "significant" 
financial institution, which implies that it will be directly supervised by the European Central Bank, but also by the 
ACPR, in their respective areas of competence. From a prudential perspective, Ayvens will have to report Solvency, 
Leverage and Large Exposures ratios, together with other reporting obligations under the EBA’s supervisory reporting 
frameworks, i.e. the common reporting (COREP) and financial reporting (FINREP) frameworks. Ayvens also  must 
carry out the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) exercise on an annual basis and comply with 
Pillar 2 requirements determined by the ECB in the context of its Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
 
Market Supervision 
 
The AMF regulates the French financial markets. It publishes regulations which set forth regulatory duties of financial 
markets operators, investment services providers (credit institutions authorized to provide investment services and

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
investment firms) and issuers of financial instruments offered to the public in France. The AMF is also in charge of 
granting licenses to portfolio management companies and exercises disciplinary powers over them. It may impose 
sanctions against any person violating its regulations. Such sanctions may be appealed to the Paris Court of Appeal, 
except in the case of sanctions against financial markets professionals which may be appealed to the Conseil d’Etat. 
 
Banking Regulations 
 
The European transposition of the Basel III framework was adopted by European Council and Parliament and 
published in the Official Journal on 27 June 2013. The Regulation (EU) 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the Capital Regulation II as defined below) (the "Capital Requirements Regulation") contains the detailed 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms while the Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the Capital Requirements Directive 
V as defined below) (the "Capital Requirements Directive") covers areas where European Union provisions need 
to be transposed by Member States in a way suitable to their respective environments. The Capital Requirements 
Directive was required to apply in all European Union Member States by 31 December 2013. 
 
The Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the "Capital 
Requirements Directive V") amending the Capital Requirements Directive as regards to exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures and the Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 
May 2019 (the "Capital Requirements Regulation II”) amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards 
to the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. In France, the Capital Requirements Directive V was 
implemented by the Ordinance No. 2020-1635 of 21 December 2020 containing various provisions for the adaptation 
of the legislation to European Union law in financial matters (see also “Financial holding companies” above).  
 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published three legislative proposals amending the Capital 
Requirements Directive, the Capital Requirements Regulation and the BRRD on the access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions, to finalize the transposition of the Basel III 
framework. 
 
These proposals, aim at inter alia (i) introducing adjustments to measurement methods for credit, operational and 
market risks incurred by credit institutions to ensure that the internal models they use to calculate their capital 
requirements do not underestimate those risks; (ii) requiring credit institutions to systematically identify, disclose and 
manage risks in connection with environmental and sustainability growth ("ESG Risks") as part of their risk 
management, and introducing regular climate stress testing of credit institutions by national supervisors to enhance 
the focus on ESG Risks in the prudential framework; (iii) further harmonizing supervisory powers and tools of local 
supervisory authorities and reinforcing the sanctions which may be imposed under the supervisory framework, and 
(iv) introducing new measures to clarify the calculation of internal MREL within European Union banking groups. 
 
On 8 November 2022, the European Council set its position on the legislative proposals of the European Commission. 
On 24 January 2023, the European Parliament published its proposed amendments to such legislative proposals and 
a provisional agreement was reached on 27 June 2023. These legislative proposals are currently being discussed by 
the European Commission, the European Council and the European Parliament and the target date of their entry into 
force is scheduled for 1 January 2025. 
 
Resolution Framework in France and European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
 
The Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (known as the 
BRRD) entered into force on 2 July 2014. The French ordonnance No. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 transposed the 
BRRD into French law and amended the French Code monétaire et financier for this purpose. The French ordonnance

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
has been ratified by law No. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (Loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la 
transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique). Directive (EU) 2019/879 
dated 20 May 2019 (the “BRRD II”), which amends the BRRD as regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. The BRRD II has been implemented in France with Ordinance No. 
2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 (see below). 
 
The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide the authority designated by each European Union Member State (the 
“Resolution Authority”) with a credible set of tools and powers, including the ability to apply the Bail-in Power, as 
defined below, to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimize 
taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments and bail-inable liabilities 
(including the Notes, if capital instruments prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses and recapitalize of 
the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (referred to as the “Bail-
in Power”). Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that the Resolution Authority may require the write-down of such 
capital instruments and bail-inable liabilities in full on a permanent basis or convert them in full into Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments. The BRRD provides, inter alia, that the Resolution Authority shall exercise the write-
down/conversion power in a way that results in: 
 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, in its Article 48 that, when applying the bail-in tool, the Resolution Authority, shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in the following order: 
 
(a) 
common equity tier 1 instruments; 
 
(b) 
additional tier 1 capital instruments; 
 
(c) 
tier 2 capital instruments; 
 
(d) 
other subordinated debt that forms part of the bail-inable liabilities ; thereafter, 
 
(e) 
other bail-inable liabilities (including the Notes), 
 
all in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings and subject to the implementation in 
France of the provisions of the BRRD. 
 
In addition to the Bail-in Power, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement 
other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include 
(without limitation) the sale of the institution’s business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, 
the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms 
of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary 
suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments.  
 
The BRRD provides that, for a limited period of time, resolution authorities will have the power to suspend payment 
and delivery obligations pursuant to any contract to which an institution is a party in certain circumstances, including 
where the institution is failing or likely to fail. 
 
If the conditions for resolution are met by a particular institution, the Resolution Authority may apply resolution tools 
such as removing management and appointing an interim administrator, selling the business of the institution under 
resolution, setting up a bridge institution or an asset management vehicle and, critically, applying the Bail-in Power 
which consists of statutory write-down or conversion powers with respect to capital instruments and bail-inable 
liabilities, according to their ranking set out in Article L. 613-55-5 of the Code monétaire et financier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the event of the application of the Bail-in Power, (a) the outstanding amount of the Notes may 
be reduced, including to zero, (b) the Notes may be converted into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership, 
and (c) the terms may be varied (e.g., the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary 
suspension of payments may be ordered). Extraordinary public financial support should only be used as a last resort

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution measures, including the Bail-
in Power. 
 
The conditions for resolution under Article L. 613-49 II of the Code monétaire et financier are deemed to be met 
when: 
 
(a)  
 the Resolution Authority or the relevant supervisory authority determines that the institution is failing or 
likely to fail, which means situations where: 
 
(i) 
the institution infringes/will in the near future infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorization; and/or 
(ii) 
the institution is/will be in the near future unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; 
and/or 
(iii) 
the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (except when extraordinary public 
financial support is provided in the form defined in Article L. 613-48 III of the Code monétaire et 
financier); and/or 
(iv) 
the assets of the institution are/will be in the near future less than its liabilities. 
 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any measure other than a resolution measure would prevent the failure 
within a reasonable timeframe; and 
 
(c) 
a resolution measure is necessary for the achievement of the resolution objectives and winding up of the 
institution under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution objectives to the same 
extent. 
 
Before taking a resolution, measure or exercising the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments, the 
Resolution Authority shall ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the assets and liabilities of the 
institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority. 
 
When taking a resolution measure, the Resolution Authority must consider the following objectives: (a) ensure the 
continuity of critical functions, (b) avoid a significant adverse effect on financial stability, (c) protect public funds by 
minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial support and (d) protect client funds and client assets, in 
particular covered depositors. The deposit guarantee and resolution fund (described above) may also intervene to 
assist in the resolution of failing institutions. 
 
Pursuant to Article 59(1) of the BRRD, the Resolution Authority may also, independently of a resolution measure or 
in combination with a resolution measure, Write-Down or convert into ordinary shares, or other instruments of 
ownership, capital instruments (additional tier 1 capital instruments and tier 2 capital instruments). In particular, 
pursuant to Article 59(3) of the BRRD, the Resolution Authority is required to exercise the write-down or conversion 
power (i) where the conditions for resolution have been met, before any resolution action is taken, (ii) where it 
determines that, unless that power is exercised, the institution would no longer be viable, or (iii) where the institution 
requires extraordinary public financial support (subject to certain exceptions). 
 
In such circumstances, the BRRD provides, among other things, in its Article 60 that, when applying the write-down 
and conversion power laid down in Article 59, the Resolution Authority shall exercise such power in accordance with 
the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings in the following order: 
 
(a)  
common equity tier 1 instruments; 
 
(b) 
additional tier 1 capital instruments; and 
(c) 
tier 2 capital instruments.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
On 20 March 2023, the Single Resolution Board, the European Banking Authority and the ECB confirmed that, under 
the resolution framework in the European Union, common equity instruments are the first ones to absorb losses, and 
only after their full use would additional tier 1 capital Instruments be required to be converted or written down. 
 
It should be noted that the Resolution Authority’s resolution powers have been superseded by the Single Resolution 
Board (the "SRB") since 1 January 2016, with respect to all aspects relating to the decision-making process and the 
national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD continue to carry out activities relating to the 
implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. The SRB acts in close cooperation with the Resolution 
Authority. 
 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission issued the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance framework, this 
proposal enables authorities to organise the orderly market exit for a failing bank of any size and business model, 
with a broad range of tools. In particular, it is aimed at facilitating the use of industry-funded safety nets to shield 
depositors in banking crises, such as by transferring them from a failing bank to a healthy one. Such use of safety nets 
(deposit guarantee scheme and resolution funds) must only be a complement to the banks' internal loss absorption 
capacity, which remains the first line of defence. The proposal harmonizes further the standards of depositor 
protection across the EU. The new framework extends depositor protection to public entities (i.e. hospitals, schools, 
municipalities), as well as client money deposited in certain types of client funds (i.e. by investment companies, 
payment institutions, e-money institutions). 
 
Finally, the proposed reform amends the hierarchy of claims. Existing rules set out a three-tier depositor ranking, 
according to which claims are assessed in a resolution case: covered deposits and claims under the deposit guarantee 
schemes rank above non-covered deposits of households and small and medium enterprises, which rank above other 
non-covered deposits. In a majority of Member States like in France, non-covered deposits have the same ranking as 
other ordinary unsecured claims such as holders of senior preferred debt instruments (such as the Notes). 
 
The Commission proposal would entail two changes: the removal of the ‘super-preference' of claims under deposit 
guarantee schemes and the creation of a single-tier ranking for all deposits (covered deposits, claims under the deposit 
guarantee schemes, non-covered deposits of households and small and medium enterprises, other non-covered 
deposits). All deposits would rank above ordinary unsecured claims (such as the Notes). 
 
As a consequence, if the Commission proposal was adopted as is, senior preferred debt instruments (such as the 
Notes) would no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; instead, senior preferred debt instruments 
(such as the Notes) would rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. See “– Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Notes – Risks for Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer – The principal amount of the Notes may be 
reduced to absorb losses, and in case of a resolution procedure, the Notes may be written down or converted to equity 
or other resolution measures may be required by applicable French and European legislation” for further information. 
 
On 24 April 2024, the European Parliament voted in plenary to adopt three legislative texts on CMDI Proposal 
framework as its position for upcoming legislative negotiations with the European Council, the European Council 
having yet to adopt its own position. Therefore, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is uncertainty with regard 
to the implementation of the CMDI Proposal and if, adopted, when it will be finally implemented in the European 
Union. 
 
MREL 
 
As a result of its change of regulatory status into a financial holding company, the Issuer may have to meet MREL 
pursuant to Article L. 613-44 of the Code monétaire et financier. If applicable, the level will be determined by the 
ECB and then notified to the Issuer, which notification is expected by 2025. The MREL aims at ensuring that financial 
institutions (such as credit institutions and financial holding companies) have sufficient loss absorption and 
recapitalization capacity to meet the resolution objectives, and avoiding institutions structuring their liabilities in a 
manner that impedes the effectiveness of the Bail-in Power. 
 
Steps Taken towards Achieving an EU Banking Union 
 
Banking union is expected to be achieved through new harmonized banking rules (the single rulebook) and a new 
institutional framework with stronger systems for both banking supervision and resolution that are managed at the 
European level. Its two main pillars are the Single Supervision Mechanism (the “SSM”) and the Single Resolution

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Mechanism (the “SRM Regulation”), as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019 (the SRM 
Regulation II)). The SRM Regulation II amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; it was published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 7 June 2019, came into force on 27 June 2019 and has been applicable since 28 December 2020. 
 
The SSM is provided for under Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and represents a significant change in the approach 
to bank supervision at a European and global level. The main aims of European banking supervision are to ensure the 
safety and soundness of the European banking system, increase financial integration and stability and ensure 
consistent supervision. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the SRM Regulation, when applicable, the SRB, has replaced the national 
resolution authorities designated under the BRRD with respect to all aspects relating to the decision-making process 
and the national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD continue to carry out activities relating to the 
implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. The provisions relating to the cooperation between the 
SRB and the national resolution authorities for the preparation of the banks’ resolution plans have applied since 1 
January 2015 and the SRM Regulation has been fully operational since 1 January 2016. 
 
Finally, the CMDI Proposal aims to contribute to the completion of the EU Banking Union by preserving financial 
stability, protecting taxpayers' money, shielding real economy from the impact of bank failure and providing better 
protection for depositors. 
 
French insolvency law  
 
The Issuer, being a financial holding company (compagnie financière holding) having its registered office in France, 
may be subject to French insolvency law. Under French insolvency law, as amended by ordinance No. 2021-1193 
dated 15 September 2021 implementing EU directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 
June 2019 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to 
increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending 
Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the “Ordinance”), in the event of a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an 
accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire) with a view to restructuring the Issuer’s indebtedness being opened in France 
with respect to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall be treated as Affected Parties (as defined below) to the extent their 
rights are impacted by the draft plan and assigned to a class of Affected Parties, provided (save in respect of an 
accelerated safeguard procedure) that the Issuer has more than 250 employees and a net turnover of more than EUR 
20 million, or, alternatively, a net turnover of more than EUR 40 million (assessed on a consolidated basis) at the 
time of opening of the relevant procedure. Under these circumstances, the following provisions (including the cross-
class cramdown mechanism) would apply to the Noteholders.  
 
Under the Ordinance, the following are deemed to be Affected Parties and therefore entitled to vote on the draft plan 
(i) those creditors (including the Noteholders) whose pre-petition claims or rights are directly affected by the draft 
plan (such as the repayment terms of the Notes) (the “Affected Creditors”) and (ii) those shareholders and holders 
of security granting access to the debtor’s share capital, provided that their equity interests in the debtor, debtor’s 
bylaws or their rights are affected/amended by the draft plan (the “Equity Holders”, together with the Affected 
Creditors, the “Affected Parties”)). They will be gathered in classes of Affected Parties reflecting a sufficient 
commonality of economic interests on the basis of objective and verifiable criteria set by the court-appointed 
administrator, which must at a minimum comply with the following conditions:  
 
- unsecured creditors and secured creditors benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) over a debtor’s asset 
shall be split in different classes;  
 
- existing subordination agreements are to be complied with (to the extent they have been notified in due course by 
the Affected Parties to the court-appointed administrator);  
 
- Equity Holders form one or several distinct classes.  
 
The draft safeguard plan prepared by the relevant debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed administrator, is 
submitted to the vote (at a two-third majority in value) of the classes of Affected Parties.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Such Affected Parties cannot propose their own competing plan in safeguard procedures (as opposed to judicial 
reorganisation proceedings).  
 
The contents of the draft plan remain flexible as was the case in the previous regime and may, inter alia, include a 
rescheduling, partial or total debt write-off, and/or debt-for-equity swaps.  
 
If the draft safeguard plan has been approved by each class of Affected Parties, the Court approves the plan after 
verifying that certain statutory protections to dissenting Affected Parties are complied with, including in particular (i) 
that the Affected Parties which share a sufficient commonality of interest within the same class are treated equally 
and proportionally to their claims or rights; (ii) that where certain Affected Parties (within one class) have voted 
against the draft plan, none of these Affected Parties is in a less favourable situation (as a result of the plan) than it 
would be in judicial liquidation, in the context of a court-ordered disposal plan or in the context of a better alternative 
solution if the plan was not approved; and (iii), as the case may be, that any new financing is necessary to implement 
the plan and does not unduly prejudice the Affected Parties’ interests. Once approved, the plan is binding on all 
parties.  
 
The Court can refuse to approve the plan if there is no reasonable prospect that it would enable the debtor to avoid 
cash-flow insolvency or ensure the sustainability of its business.  
 
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of Affected Parties, such plan may (at the request of the debtor 
or of the court-appointed administrator subject to the relevant debtor’s approval (or at the request of an Affected 
Party’s in the context of judicial reorganisation proceedings)) be imposed on the dissenting class(es) of Affected 
Parties subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions (known as the “cross-clam cramdown mechanism”) 
in addition to the afore-mentioned conditions, including in particular:  
 
- approval of the plan (i) by a majority of classes of Affected Parties comprising a class of creditors ranking above 
the unsecured creditors or, failing that, (ii) by one of the classes of Affected Parties entitled to vote, other than an 
Equity Holders class and any other class which one could reasonably assume, based on the enterprise value of the 
debtor assessed as a going concern, that it would not be entitled to any payment if the order of priority applicable in 
judicial liquidation or in the context of a court-ordered disposal plan were to be applied;  
 
- satisfaction in full by the same or equivalent means of the claims of the Affected Parties belonging to a dissenting 
class where a lower-ranking class is entitled to payment or to keep an interest (intéressement) under the draft plan 
known as the “absolute priority rule”. By exception, at the debtor’s or the court-appointed administrator’s request 
(with the agreement of the debtor), the Court may decide to set aside the absolute priority rule if it is necessary to 
achieve the plan’s objectives and subject to the plan not overly prejudicing the rights and interests of the Affected 
Parties.  
 
In light of the above, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of Affected Parties may be overridden 
within the said class or by application of the cross-class cramdown mechanism.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders as further described in 
Condition 11 (Meeting and voting provisions) of the Terms and Conditions will not be applicable to the extent they 
conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.  
 
The ACPR must approve in advance the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganization or judicial liquidation 
procedures.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 4 July 2024 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Dealer and the 
Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealer. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, as determined by the relevant Dealer, at the 
time of such resale. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer of the Notes to retail investors, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
shall comply, to the best of its knowledge and belief after due inquiry, with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which 
it makes such purchase, offer or sale. None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold only outside of the United States to non-
U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after completion of the distribution of the Tranche of which such Notes are 
a part (the "Distribution Compliance Period") within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period a 
confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Tranche) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside 
the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in 
part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution 
of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any 
disclosure without prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person 
within the United States is prohibited. 
Any person who subscribes or acquires Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or delivery of the Notes, that it is subscribing or acquiring the Notes in compliance 
with Rule 903 of Regulation S in an "offshore transaction" as defined in Regulation S, or pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not 
be offered, sold, delivered or pay interest within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
The expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
The expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) and that 
copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes have not and will not be 
distributed in Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; 
or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the “Consolidated Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the Italian laws.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the offering of the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must be:  
a. made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as 
amended from time to time; and  
b. in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of 
Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is exclusively responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of 
the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The Netherlands  
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree to be bound by the EEA selling restrictions (see “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” above) and by the following: 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act: Each of the Dealers and the Issuer represents and agrees, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme has represented and agreed that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined 
below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The 
Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam admitted in a 
function on one or more of the markets or systems operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in full compliance with 
the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing 
regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an 
interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and 
acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in 
definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series 
or Tranche of Notes are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course 
of initial distribution or immediately thereafter.  
As used herein “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum 
against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due 
whatsoever. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph I, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other applicable laws, regulations and governmental guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
571) of Hong Kong) ("SFO") other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that 
Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the 
public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) 
except as permitted by the securities laws of the People's Republic of China. 
Singapore 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to 
an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the SFA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures 
(Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue and subject to deletion of non-applicable provisions: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended or superseded ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[s’/’s] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer[s’/’s] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
 
1  
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 10(v) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to EEA or UK retail investors. In this case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 10(v) of Part B below.  
2  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]3 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
AYVENS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the  
€15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Ayvens 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500E7V019H9NP7427 
 
 
SERIES N°: [●] 
TRANCHE N°: [●] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 4 July 2024 which has received approval n. 24-274 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF") on 4 July 2024 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and [●]] which 
[has/have] received approval no. [•] from the AMF on [●] [and on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
relevant information. 
For so long as any Notes are outstanding, copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] 
and the base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement[s] to that base prospectus] (i) are available for viewing free of 
charge on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the website of the Issuer (https://www.ayvens.com/en-
cp/investors/publications-and-documents/debt-documents/) and for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of 
charge, during usual business hours on any weekday from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
 
3  
Legend to be included only (i) if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR (depending on the location of the 
manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included) and (ii) following completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, on the basis of the relevant applicable provisions of English law.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions which are the EMTN 
[2022 Conditions / EMTN 2023 Conditions]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 4 July 2024 which received approval no. 24-274 from the AMF in France 
on 4 July 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received 
approval no [•] from the AMF in France on [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the [EMTN 2022 Conditions / EMTN 2023 Conditions]. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus and the base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [•]]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the website of the Issuer (https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-
and-documents/debt-documents/) and for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual 
business hours on any weekday from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the subparagraphs of 
the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
1 
Issuer: 
AYVENS 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:  
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
Notes") [as from the date of assimilation which is expected to be 
on or about 40 calendar days after the Issue Date (the 
"Assimilation Date") of this Tranche]/[as from the Issue Date of 
this Tranche].] 
(This item applies to fungible issues only) 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche 
[plus an amount corresponding to the interest accrued at a rate of 
[●] per cent. of such Aggregate Nominal Amount for the period 
from, and including, [insert date] to, but excluding, the Issue Date 
(if applicable) 
6 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] [one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes] 
7 
(i)      Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis/Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[●]/EURIBOR 
[or 
other 
IBOR] 
]/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/SHIBOR/TONA/SARON or other] +/- 
[●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 11, 14 and 15 below) 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of 
their nominal amount. 
(further particulars specified below) 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)/Not Applicable]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
[Specify details for convertibility of the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5(e) or 
cross refer to paragraph 15 and/or 16 below and identify there] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Redemption at the Option of the Issuer] 
[Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders ] /Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior preferred notes pursuant to Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier 
 
(ii) Date[s] of corporate 
authorisation[s] for the 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
Decision of [●] of the Issuer dated [●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) [●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in Nominal Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]) 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 [Actual/365 – FBF / 30/360 / Actual/Actual - ICMA / 
Actual/Actual – ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[●] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
15 
Floating Rate Provisions  
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) [●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Specified Interest 
Payment Dates) 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
— Reference Rate: 
[●] (specify EURIBOR [or other IBOR], €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SHIBOR, TONA, SARON or other) 
 
 
— 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
[Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if IBOR / [●] London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date if SONIA / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date if SOFR / [●] T2 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date if €STR / [●] Zurich Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date if SARON / [●] Singapore 
Banking Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date if / [●] 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
if TONA] 
 
  
— 
Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market:  
[●] 
 
 
— 
Relevant Screen Page 
Time: 
[●] 
 
 
— 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
— [Manner in which the 
SONIA Rate of Interest 
is to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Observation Shift 
Compound]] 
 
— [Manner in which the 
SOFR Rate of Interest is 
to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[SOFR Lockout Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Observation Shift Compound]] 
 
— [Manner in which the 
€STR Rate of Interest is 
to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Observation Shift 
Compound]]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
— [Manner in which the 
SARON Rate of Interest 
is to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
[SARON Lookback Compound / SARON Observation Shift 
Compound]] 
 
— [Manner in which the 
TONA Rate of Interest is 
to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of TONA) 
[TONA Lookback Compound / TONA Observation Shift 
Compound]] 
 
— [SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lockout Compound) 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
 
— [Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or 
TONA) 
[[●] London Banking Days/ [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [●] T2 Business Days] / [●] Singapore Banking 
Days/ [●] Tokyo Banking Days / [●] Zurich Banking Days]] 
 
— [Observation Shift Days 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or 
TONA) 
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Days / [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days / [●] T2 Business Days / 
[●] Tokyo Banking Days / [●] Zurich Banking Days]] 
 
(ix) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
— 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
— 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
— 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (specify EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA or 
other) 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period (as per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination)] 
 
 
— 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
— 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
— 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions]  
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is selected – otherwise, delete) 
 
 
— 
Calculation Period: 
 
 
 
— 
Fixing Day: 
[•]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
— 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [•] 
 
 
— 
Termination Date: 
[•] 
 
 
— 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no number 
is specified, the applicable number of days shall be five (5) 
days) / Not Applicable] 
 
 
— 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an overnight 
rate] 
 
 
— 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
— 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback : [•]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to 
the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
— 
Compounding with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to 
the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
— 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
— 
Observation Period Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: 
[•] 
 
 
— 
Compound with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial 
center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to 
the Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout will 
be five (5)) 
 
 
— 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear 
interpolation: 
[Applicable : [•] (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable] 
 
(xi)  Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / The Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum4 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / 30/360 / Actual/Actual - ICMA / 
Actual/Actual – ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
4  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / 30/360 / Actual/Actual - ICMA / 
Actual/Actual – ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, 
if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination /Calculation 
Amount/Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[●] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] 
18 
Make-Whole Call Option 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[Not Applicable/ [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[•] 
 
(iv)  
Reference Screen Rate:  
[•] 
 
[(v) 
Similar Security: 
[Not Applicable/ [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Party, if any, responsible 
for calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[Not Applicable/ [•]] 
 
(vii) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[] 
19 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
(i) 
 Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
 Notice period: 
[●]]  
 
(iii)  
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[ ● ] per Note of [ ● ] Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
20 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
each Note: 
 [●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
21 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
As from [●] 
 
(ii)  Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[ ● ] per Note of [ ● ] Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
22 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph]  
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[ ● ] per Note of [ ● ] Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
 
(iii) Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
23 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ ● ] per Note of [ ● ] Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/[At par] /Specify any other option from the Conditions]  
24 
Early Redemption Amount 
[[ ● ] per Note of [ ● ] Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/ Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) [Delete as 
appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether)] 
[Bearer dematerialised form (au porteur)/ [fully/administered] 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominative 
[pur/administré])] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give names and details]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes on [●] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption 
(or successor exemption as 
contemplated by Notice 2012-
20):  
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)  
26 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[give details]] 
27 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
28 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
29 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
30 
Masse: 
[[No Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply]  
(If Condition 12 (b) (Contractual Masse) applies, insert below 
details of Representative and alternate Representative and 
remuneration, if any) 
(i) Representative:  
 
[●] (specify name and address)  
(ii) Alternative Representative:  
 
[●] (specify name and address)  
(iii) Remuneration of Representative:  
 
[●] (if applicable, specify the amount and payment 
date)  
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Paris Stock Exchange (Euronext Paris)/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify relevant regulated market]] with effect 
from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(iii) [Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]] 
2 RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT  
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
[S&P: [● ]] 
[Fitch: [● ]] 
[Moody’s [● ]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] is established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with CRA Regulation.]/ 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
the CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 
2010 which has submitted an application for registration in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration is not 
refused.]/

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is established in 
the European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in accordance with CRA Regulation.]/  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended.] [In accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the 
Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation")), the rating assigned to the 
Notes by [Insert credit rating agency] will be endorsed by [Insert 
credit rating agency], being a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom and included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/creditratingagencies/registered
-certified-cras) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
Euro equivalent: 
[Not Applicable/Euro [●]] (Only applicable for Notes not 
denominated in Euro) 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
issued has been converted into Euro at the 
rate of [●], producing a sum of: 
[●] 
3 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement) ["Save as disclosed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]/[•]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
4 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
[[●]/The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer for [its general corporate purposes/specify any other 
reasons.]]/[The Notes constitute Green and Positive Impact Notes 
and the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance [in 
whole or in part] one or more Eligible vehicles pursuant to the 
Framework which is available on the website of the Issuer ([•]) 
and described below:  
[Describe specific projects / Eligible vehicles and/or availability 
of Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained]]  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding) 
5 [FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY -YIELD  
Indication of yield: 
 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
 
6 [FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - PERFORMANCE OF RATE 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of performance of [IBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SHIBOR, SARON, TONA/(other)] rates can be obtained, [but 
not] free of charges, from [Reuters/give details of electronic 
means of obtaining the details of performance]. 
 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [IBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SHIBOR, SARON, TONA/(other)] which is provided by [the 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration/[●]]. As at [●], [the European Money Markets 
Institute/ICE Benchmark Administration/[●]/[the Banque de 
France]] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
[the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended or 
superseded (the "Benchmarks Regulation")]/[the Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
[Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the [European Union]/[United Kingdom], 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
7 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and address(es)] 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(vii) Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms 
of their commitment. 
[Not Applicable/give names(s), address(es) and description] 
8 DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a 
firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2/1] applies to the Notes; [TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not applicable] (See paragraph 12 of 
General Information in the Base Prospectus)

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
(v)  [Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors / Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors]: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified. For the purpose of the 
above, a “packaged” product shall designate a “packaged 
retail investment product” which means in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 (as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
Withdrawal Agreement, in respect of UK retail investors) an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference values 
or to the performance of one or more assets which are not 
directly purchased by the retail investor). 
 
 
(vi)  [Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Notes in Singapore, delete this 
paragraph) 
(If the Notes are offered in Singapore to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors (as defined under the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) only, “Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes are also offered in Singapore to investors 
other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as 
defined under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), 
“Not Applicable” should be specified.)]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
(2) 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 4 July 2025, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material 
mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris. 
In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a 
certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA, in order for Notes issued 
hereunder to be listed and admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
(3) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the Programme. 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under 
French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the 
Issuer, which may delegate its power to any person of its choice pursuant to Article L. 228-40 of the French 
Code de commerce. In this respect, the issue of such Notes have been authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer dated 7 February 2024 for a period of one (1) year up 
to a maximum amount of €6,000,000,000. 
(4) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2023.  
(5) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer since 31 March 2024. 
(6) 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware), during the period of twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, 
or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or 
the Group. 
(7) 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and to the best of the Board of Directors’ knowledge, there are no 
potential conflicts of interest between the duties performed by the members of the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d’administration) on behalf of Ayvens, and their private interests or other duties. 
(8) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (10-12, place de 
la Bourse, 75002, Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) 
and Clearstream (42 avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The appropriate Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(9) 
The legal entity identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 969500E7V019H9NP7427.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(10) 
Deloitte & Associés (member of the French Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de 
Versailles et du Centre), 6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris La Défense Cedex, France and Ernst & Young 
et Autres (member of the French Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du 
Centre), 1-2 place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1, France, have audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
On 14 May 2024, the combined shareholder meeting of the Issuer (i) resolved to appoint as statutory auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (member of the French Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes de Versailles et du Centre), whose registered office is located at 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-
sur-Seine, for a period of six financial years, i.e. until the end of the shareholders general meeting to be held 
in 2030 called to approve the financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2029 (ii) 
acknowledged the effective resignation as of 14 May 2024 of Ernst & Young et Autres as statutory auditor, 
and (iii) resolved to appoint KPMG (member of the French Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes de Versailles et du Centre) as statutory auditor, whose registered office is located at Tour Eqho, 2 
avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex, for the remainder of the term of office of Ernst & Young 
et Autres, i.e. until the end of the shareholders general meeting to be held in 2028 called to approve the 
financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2027. 
(11) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-
and-documents/): 
a. 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
b. any documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus;  
c. 
any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated 
Market; 
d. a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; and 
e. 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus. 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre comptable, of the Temporary Global 
Certificates, of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the Coupons and of the Talons) will be available during 
normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection 
free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s). 
(12) 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of (a), provided they constitute documents on which 
the AMF has granted a filing or registration number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-and-documents/debt-documents/). The Final Terms related to 
Notes traded on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on the websites of (a) the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
(b) 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.ayvens.com/en-cp/investors/publications-and-
documents/debt-documents/). 
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) the Regulated Market

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
where the Notes have been admitted to trading or (y) the competent authority of the Member State of the 
EEA where the Notes have been admitted to trading. 
(13) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue 
Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date (as defined in the 
Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
(15) 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for 
the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK BMR, it being specified that €STER and SONIA are 
outside the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR, in accordance with the provisions of 
article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR, and their administrators are not subject to the 
requirements of approval or registration of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR. A statement will 
be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" 
is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or in the 
FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. 
(16) 
This Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference may include forward-looking statements. 
All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without 
limitation, those regarding the Issuer's or the Group's financial position, business strategy, plans and 
objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual 
results, performance or achievements of the Issuer or of the Group, or industry results, to be materially 
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the 
Issuer's or the Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer and the 
Group will operate in the future. The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release 
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in 
the Issuer's or the Group's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
The Issuer confirms, to the best of its knowledge, that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Rueil-Malmaison, 4 July 2024  
 
 
 
 
AYVENS 
Represented by Tim Albertsen 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 4 July 2024 and is valid until 4 July 2025 and shall, during this period 
and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. 
This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°24-274.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
AYVENS 
1-3 rue Eugène et Armand Peugeot Corosa 
92500 Rueil-Malmaison 
France 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 03 
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
Paris-la-Défense 1 
France 
(until 14 May 2024) 
 
 
 
 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense 
Cedex 
France  
 
 
 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit  
63, rue de Villiers  
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine  
France 
(as from 14 May 2024)  
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2 Avenue Gambetta 
92 066 Paris La Défense 
Cédex 
France 
(as from 14 May 2024) 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Arranger and Dealer 
Hogan Lovells (Paris) LLP 
17, avenue Matignon 
CS 30027 
75378 Paris Cedex 8 
France 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France