--- Page 1 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Base Prospectus 
Oslo, 27 February 2023

--- Page 2 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
2
Important information 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for B2Holding ASA’s (the 
Company) lines of business. 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead 
Managers, available at their websites (www.dnb.no, www.nordea.no, www.paretosec.com and www.arctic.com.) 
The Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of its affiliated companies and/or officers, 
directors and employees may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed 
in this Base Prospectus and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead Managers’ corporate finance department may act 
as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available 
or commonly known.   
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
The Base Prospectus dated 27 February 2023 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these 
documents constitute the Prospectus. 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 13
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 15
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 16
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 17
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 18
7 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 30
8 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 31
9 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................. 34
THERE ARE NO ARRANGEMENTS, KNOWN TO THE ISSUER, THE OPERATION OF WHICH 
MAY AT A SUBSEQUENT DATE RESULT IN A CHANGE IN CONTROL OF THE ISSUER. ....... 34
TO THE EXTENT KNOWN TO THE ISSUER, THE ISSUER IS NOT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY 
OWNED OR CONTROLLED........................................................................................ 34
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 35
11 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................... 36
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 48
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 49
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 59
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 60
JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS’ AND JOINT LEAD MANAGERS’ DISCLAIMER ............................ 61
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR B2HOLDING ASA .................................................. 62
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 63

--- Page 4 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may from time to time 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The Bonds 
may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time outstanding 
under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the case where 
there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information regarding the bonds issued under 
the prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
5
1 Risk factors  
An investment in the Bonds involves risks. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below before 
investing in the Bonds. If any of the events described below actually occurs, our business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects could be materially adversely affected and, accordingly, the value and the trading 
price of the Bonds may decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of any investment in the Bonds. Furthermore, the 
risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones that we face.  
In each category below, the Issuer sets out the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
negative impact of such risk on the Issuer and the probability of its occurrence. 
1.1 Risk factors related to the Issuer 
Risks related to the industry in which we operate 
The value of our existing portfolios may deteriorate, or we may not be able to collect sufficient amounts on 
our portfolios to take advantage of opportunities for portfolio purchases as they arise in the market. 
As the length of time involved in collecting on our existing portfolios may be extensive and the factors affecting debt 
collection rates may be volatile and outside of our control, we may be unable to identify economic trends or make 
changes in our purchasing strategies in a timely manner. 
Subsequently, it is uncertain that any of the claims in our portfolio of purchased loans and receivables will eventually 
be collected. If the cash flows from our existing portfolios (and the debt portfolios we purchase in the future) are 
less than anticipated, we may be unable to purchase all of the new portfolios that we would like to purchase, we 
may have to pay a higher interest rate to finance the purchase of new portfolios or we may have to accept lower 
returns, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial 
condition. 
We may not be able to purchase portfolios at appropriate prices or of sufficient quality. 
If we are unable to identify sufficient levels of attractive portfolios and generate an appropriate return on purchased 
loans and receivables, we may experience difficulties covering the expenses of our business operations and may, 
as a consequence, have to reduce the number of our collection personnel or take other measures to reduce costs. 
These developments could lead to disruptions in our operations, loss of efficiency, low employee loyalty, fewer 
experienced employees and excess costs associated with unused space in our facilities. Any of these developments 
may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
We are exposed to risk relating to assumption of ownership of collateral provided under our secured debt 
portfolios. 
We may, in order to secure our claim, assume ownership of collateral provided under any secured debt. We cannot 
foresee whether we will be able to divest such collateral in a manner and price that will result in collection of the 
underlying debt. Further, we may incur costs, i.e., maintenance and insurance costs, and we may be exposed to 
liability (such as insurance obligations and claims for damages) relating to collateral for which we have assumed 
ownership. 
Our purchasing patterns and the seasonality of our business may lead to volatility in our cash flow. 
Our business depends on the ability to collect on our debt portfolios and purchase portfolios of debt. Debt collection 
is affected by seasonal factors, including the number of workdays in a given month, the propensity of customers to 
take holidays at particular times of the year and annual cycles in disposable income. The combination of seasonal 
collections and costs and uneven purchases may result in low cash flow at a time when attractive debt portfolios 
become available. It could occur that in the future we will not be able to obtain interim funding by making other 
borrowings. A lack of cash flow could prevent us from purchasing otherwise desirable debt portfolios or prevent us 
from meeting our obligations under any forward flow agreements we may enter into, either of which could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
Our collections may decrease and/or the timing on when we collect may be delayed if the number of 
consumers becoming subject to personal insolvency procedures increases. 
We recover on claims that may become subject to insolvency procedures under applicable laws and we also 
purchase portfolios containing claims that are currently subject to insolvency proceedings. We are generally unable 
to collect on portfolios under insolvency procedures involving the sale of a person's assets. As a result, our ability

--- Page 6 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
6
to successfully collect on portfolios may decline or the timing on when we collect on portfolios may be delayed with 
an increase in personal insolvency procedures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results 
of operation and financial condition. 
We may purchase portfolios that contain accounts which are not eligible to be collected, and it may not 
be possible firms to bring successful claims pursuant to purchase contracts or otherwise. 
Some of the portfolios that we purchase may include some individual accounts which are not eligible to be collected, 
often due to the inadequate quality and completeness, or total lack, of historical customer documentation needed 
for servicers to collect on those accounts. If we purchase portfolios containing too many accounts that are not 
eligible for collection and/or that are unenforceable and if we are unable to return those accounts to, or have 
recourse against, the relevant debt sellers, servicers may not recover anticipated returns or anything at all from 
such accounts, which could make such purchases unprofitable and consequently have a material adverse effect on 
our business, results of operation and financial condition.
A portion of the collections from debt portfolios depends on successful legal proceedings and such 
proceedings may not always be successful. 
Our future revenues will depend on the success of such legal proceedings and should any such proceedings or a 
higher proportion of such proceedings in comparison to past experience fail to succeed, we may not obtain the 
expected returns on our investments, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation 
and financial condition. 
Our operations in multiple jurisdictions expose us to local risks in a number of European jurisdictions. 
We currently have local platforms, offices and/or portfolios in several European jurisdictions. We are subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and licensing requirements of those jurisdictions, which differ between jurisdictions. 
Any failure to comply with applicable legislation or regulation of the debt purchase and collections sector and the 
broader consumer credit industry could result in the suspension, termination or impairment of our ability to conduct 
business. This could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial 
condition. 
We rely on third parties to collect amounts under our credit portfolios. 
We outsource certain collection and litigation activities on accounts in our credit portfolios to third party servicers, 
debt collection agencies, law firms and other external agents. Any failure by third parties to adequately perform 
services for us could materially reduce our cash flow, income and profitability or affect our reputation. Any 
deterioration in or loss of any key relationships may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of 
operation and financial condition. 
Risks related to the organization and governance of the Issuer 
The statistical models and analytical tools we use may prove to be inaccurate. 
We have developed and use models to project the remaining cash flow generation from our credit portfolios and 
assess alternative strategies for improving the collectability of the credit portfolios. At the time of purchase, however, 
we have imperfect information about the precise age of the receivables, the ability of the customer to pay, the time 
at which the customer will pay, and the cost required to service and collect such debt. In addition, our statistical 
models and analytical tools assess information which to some extent is provided to us by third parties, such as 
credit agencies and other mainstream or public sources, or generated by software products, which may be 
inaccurate or become unavailable in the future. Consequently, it could happen that we will be unable to achieve the 
recoveries forecasted by the models used to value the portfolios. If we are unable to achieve the forecasted levels 
of collections, valuation impairments may be recognized, and revenue and returns on portfolio purchases may be 
reduced. 
Our decentralized organization exposes us to compliance risks and quality control risk at Group level.  
We have operating entities with established organisational structures in several of the markets in which we are 
currently conducting business. The head office in Norway is responsible for financing, administrative control and 
business development at the Group level. Although we have established risk management and internal control 
measures to ensure compliance and quality control throughout our organization, our decentralized organization and 
dependence on local operations to implement our control measures and mitigate risks exposes us to increased 
risks relating to non-compliance and quality control.

--- Page 7 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
7
We are exposed to significant reputational risk and are subject to codes of conduct. 
Negative attention and news regarding the debt purchase and collection industry and individual debt purchasers or 
collectors, including us, may have a negative impact on a debtor's willingness to pay a debt owed to us and may 
diminish our attractiveness as a counterparty for debt sellers and other third parties. We are exposed to the risk 
that negative publicity may arise from the activities of legislators, pressure groups and the media, on the basis of 
real or perceived abusive collection practices for example, which may tarnish our reputation in the market. 
Additionally, we are increasingly becoming subject to codes of conduct. If our business model or collection strategy 
is unable to continue to adhere to these codes of conduct, this may result in a loss of opportunity for us. 
Improper disclosure of our clients’ sensitive data, customer data or a breach of data protection laws could 
negatively affect our business or reputation. 
We collect, handle, process and retain large amounts of potentially sensitive or confidential information, such as 
personal information of customers, including names and account numbers, locations, contact information and other 
account specific data. Failure to comply with data protection and privacy obligations may result in financial penalties, 
regulatory oversight, significant brand and reputational damage, legal action (class action or breach of contract) 
and shareholder divestment. Consequently, a significant violation of data protection laws could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
Our risk management procedures may fail to identify or anticipate future risks. 
We continually review our risk management policies and procedures, in particular related to know-your-
customer/anti-money laundering rules and regulations, fair collection practices, and (internal) anti-corruption 
practices.   
A breach or a failure, or the perception that we have failed, to develop, implement, monitor and when necessary, 
pre-emptively upgrade our risk management policies and procedures, in particular in relation to the above 
mentioned topics, such as for example a KYC or AML breach, and in particular with regard to more sensitive/risk-
prone business areas such as secured asset management and secured collections, could give rise to (severe) 
reputational issues for us and may result in breaches of our contractual obligations, for which we may incur 
substantial losses.  
Risks that we fail to anticipate and/or adequately address could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operation and financial condition. 
Our operations are highly dependent upon access to, and the functioning and integrity of, our core IT 
applications, systems and infrastructure. 
Our success depends in large part on our ability to record and process significant amounts of data quickly and 
accurately to access, maintain and expand the databases we use for pricing and collection activities. We also use 
our systems to identify large numbers of customers, store personal data of our customers, analyse and segment 
accounts and monitor the results of collection efforts. These and other systems could be interrupted by events, 
including telecommunications and network failures, power losses, physical or electronic security breaches, fraud, 
identity theft, process failures, deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control routines, human errors, IT 
systems failure, computer viruses, computer hacking attacks, malicious employee acts, terrorist attacks, natural 
disasters or similar events.  
Any material disruption to, or failure of, our data analytics systems, our collection systems and platform, or the 
systems of our third-party providers or the systems of the banking and other sectors that are integral to our business, 
especially if it also impacts our backup or disaster recovery systems, would disrupt our operations materially, and 
prevent us from correctly performing portfolio valuations and portfolio pricing, or partially or completely impair our 
ability to collect on portfolios, and subsequently adversely affect our business.  
Any security or privacy breach of our systems could expose us to personal data/GDPR liability and regulatory 
scrutiny, increase expenses relating to the resolution of these breaches and potential fines, and harm our reputation. 
Deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control routines, human errors, IT systems failure or external events 
that affect operations may occur. This could result in a material adverse effect on our business, affect results of 
operations, impair the correct valuation of our backbook, and therefore the financial condition of the Company its 
ability to make payments due under the Bonds. 
Furthermore, we may be unsuccessful in anticipating, managing or adopting technological changes within the debt 
purchase and collection industry on a timely basis, which could reduce profitability or disrupt operations and harm 
our business.

--- Page 8 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
8
Our senior management team members and key employees are important to our continued success and 
the loss of one or more members of our senior management team or one or more of our key employees 
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Our core business of collecting on secured and unsecured portfolios is to a large extent dependent on highly 
qualified and skilled personnel and management, and our continued ability to compete effectively and implement 
our strategy depends on our ability to attract new and well qualified employees and retain and motivate existing 
employees. Due to the specificity of the collection business, in particular with regard to secured collections, training 
personnel is quite time and resource intensive. Combined with the relatively limited market and pool of (qualified) 
staff, any loss of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled 
personnel could have a material adverse effect on our collections, , the results of operation and overall financial 
condition. 
Risks related to our Financial Profile 
Any inability to comply with the terms of our existing debt and to refinance any existing debt as it comes 
due and payable or an increase in interest rate levels may have a negative effect on our financial condition. 
We are subject to certain restrictive covenants under our debt arrangements, which may limit our ability to engage 
in other transactions or otherwise place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have less debt. If 
we are not able to refinance existing debt we might have to sell asset to high discount to repay the maturing debt. 
In addition, non-compliance with the terms of our debt arrangements could have a negative effect on our business. 
Further, certain of our debt arrangements are subject to floating interest rates and our finance cost will accordingly 
be affected by an increase in interest rate levels. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
We are exposed to interest rate risk. 
Fluctuations in market interest rates may affect our financial performance. A substantial portion of our indebtedness 
will bear interest at per annum rates equal to applicable EURIBOR, adjusted periodically, plus a spread. These 
interest rates could rise significantly in the future, thereby increasing our interest expenses associated with these 
obligations, reducing cash flow available for capital expenditures and hindering the Company's ability to make 
payments on the Bonds. 
We employ hedging strategies such as interest rate swaps and interest rate caps which enable us to monitor or 
reduce our interest rate risk exposure. I may occur that we would be unable to successfully hedge all of our interest 
rate risk or be able to maintain our current hedging policy in the future on commercially acceptable terms. 
We are subject to covenants under our financing arrangements that limit our operating and financial 
flexibility. 
Our financing agreements contain or will contain certain covenants which, subject to certain exceptions and 
qualifications, impose significant restrictions on the way we can operate. In addition, we will be subject to the 
affirmative and negative covenants contained in the respective agreements. Such arrangements require us to 
maintain specified financial ratios under certain circumstances. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be 
affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet them. A breach of any of those 
covenants, ratios or restrictions could result in an event of default under any of such agreements. Any default under 
any of such agreements could lead to an event of default and acceleration under other debt instruments that contain 
cross default or cross-acceleration provisions. Even if we carefully monitor the key financial indicators and ratios, 
we may not be able to comply with financial covenants in the future. Failure to do so may have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
We may not be able to procure sufficient funding to purchase further debt portfolios as they become 
available on acceptable terms. 
Our business depends on our ability to purchase portfolios of defaulted debt. Historically, we have funded such 
purchases through equity capital, borrowings and cash generated by our operations. Our ability to obtain funding in 
the future will depend on our performance and our prospects, as well as factors over which we do not exercise 
control. Such factors may include weak economic and capital market conditions during or prior to periods in which 
attractive debt portfolios are available for purchase, the ability and willingness of banks or other financial institutions 
to lend to our industry generally or to us in particular, and changes in fiscal, monetary and other government policies, 
among others. 
If, in the longer term, we do not have sufficient headroom in our existing funding, we may be unable to raise funds 
on acceptable terms for debt portfolio purchases or on a timely basis, which may limit our ability to take advantage 
of opportunities for loan portfolio purchases arising in the market. If, in the longer term, we are unable to borrow,

--- Page 9 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
9
generate or otherwise obtain sufficient funds to purchase debt portfolios on attractive terms, or at all, when 
opportunities arise. 
We are a holding company and are dependent upon cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet obligations, in 
general and under the Bonds. 
We currently conduct our operations through, and most of our assets are owned by, our subsidiaries. As such, the 
cash that we obtain from our subsidiaries is the principal source of funds necessary to meet our obligations. 
Contractual provisions or laws, including laws or regulations related to the repatriation of foreign earnings, corporate 
benefit and financial assistance, as well as its subsidiaries' financial condition, operating requirements, restrictive 
covenants in debt arrangements and debt requirements, may limit the our ability to obtain cash from our 
subsidiaries. 
The inability of our subsidiaries to transfer cash to us may mean that, even though we may have sufficient resources 
on a consolidated basis to meet our obligations under debt agreements, we may not be able to meet such 
obligations. A payment default by us, or any of our subsidiaries, on any debt instrument may have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect our business and prevent us 
from fulfilling our obligations with respect to the Bonds. 
We have a significant amount of outstanding debt with substantial debt service requirements. In addition, we may 
incur substantial additional debt in the future. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations 
or obtain enough capital to service our debt or to fund our future acquisitions or other working capital 
expenditures. 
We will require a significant amount of cash to meet our obligations under our indebtedness, a substantial 
amount of which will mature prior to the Bonds, and to sustain our operations, which we may not be able 
to generate or raise. 
Our ability to make principal or interest payments when due on our indebtedness, a substantial amount of which 
will mature prior to the Bonds, and to fund our ongoing operations, will depend on our future performance and our 
ability to generate cash, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, legal, regulatory 
and other factors discussed in these "Risk Factors," many of which are beyond our control. 
We are exposed to the risk of currency fluctuations. 
We are exposed to both translation and transaction risk. Furthermore, in each of the jurisdictions in which we are 
present, all revenues and the majority of the expenses are in local currency. To the extent that foreign exchange 
rate exposures are not hedged, any significant movements in the relevant exchange rates may have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
Our hedging agreements may expose us to credit default risks and potential losses if our hedging 
counterparties fall into bankruptcy. 
We are party to interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and other derivative financial instruments and we may enter 
into additional hedging agreements to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in currency or interest rates. Under any 
such agreements, we are exposed to credit risks of our counterparties. If one or more of our counterparties falls 
into bankruptcy, claims we have under the swap agreements or other hedging arrangements may become 
worthless. In addition, in the event that we refinance our debt or otherwise terminate hedging agreements, we may 
be required to make termination payments, which would result in a loss.

--- Page 10 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
10
1.2 Risk factors related to the Bonds 
The Company is a holding company and is dependent upon cash flow from its subsidiaries to meet its 
obligations, in general and under the Bonds. 
The Company currently conducts its operations through, and most of its assets are owned by, its subsidiaries. As 
such, the cash that the Company obtains from its subsidiaries is the principal source of funds necessary to meet its 
obligations. Contractual provisions or laws, including laws or regulations related to the repatriation of foreign 
earnings, corporate benefit and financial assistance, as well as its subsidiaries' financial condition, operating 
requirements, restrictive covenants in their debt arrangements and debt requirements, may limit the Company's 
ability to obtain cash from its subsidiaries that they require to pay their expenses or meet their current or future debt 
service obligations. 
The inability of the Company's subsidiaries to transfer cash to the Company may mean that, even though the 
Company may have sufficient resources on a consolidated basis to meet its obligations under its debt agreements, 
it may not be able to meet such obligations. A payment default by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, on any 
debt instrument may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
Your right to receive payments under the Bonds will be effectively subordinated to claims of our existing 
and future secured creditors. 
Initially, the Bonds will not be secured by any of our assets. As a result, the indebtedness represented by the Bonds 
will be effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness we may incur and certain hedging 
obligations to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. Accordingly, in the event of a 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or similar proceeding affecting the Company, your 
rights to receive payment will be effectively subordinated to those of secured creditors up to the value of the 
collateral securing such indebtedness. Holders of the Bonds will participate with all holders of our unsecured 
indebtedness that is deemed to be of the same class as the Bonds, and potentially with all of our other general 
creditors, based on the respective amounts owed to each holder or creditor, in our remaining assets. 
In addition, if secured lenders were to declare a default with respect to their loans and enforce their rights with 
respect to their collateral, our remaining assets might not be sufficient to satisfy our other obligations, including our 
obligations with respect to the Bonds. In any of the foregoing events, there could be insufficient assets to pay 
amounts due on the Bonds.  
The Bonds will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities and preference shares (if any) of our 
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Bonds. 
Initially, none of our subsidiaries will guarantee or have any obligations to pay amounts due under the Bonds or to 
make funds available for that purpose. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, certain hedge providers, trade 
creditors, and claims of preference shareholders (if any) of the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the 
assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent entity, including by holders of the 
Bonds. In the event of any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, administration or other 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding of any of our subsidiaries, holders of their indebtedness and their trade 
creditors will generally be entitled to payment of their claims from the assets of those subsidiaries before any assets 
are made available for distribution to its parent entity. Our creditors (including the holders of the Bonds) will have 
no right to proceed against the assets of such subsidiary. As such, the Bonds will be structurally subordinated to 
the creditors (including trade creditors) and preference shareholders (if any) of our subsidiaries. 
The Bond Terms will provide that the Bond Trustee may accept any guarantee and/or security offered to the 
bondholders in accordance with the exception from the applicable financial support restrictions, on substantially the 
same terms as any guarantee granted as security for financial indebtedness with maturity date after the final 
maturity date of the Bonds. However, there is no obligation on the Company to grant or procure any guarantees as 
security for the obligations under the Bonds, and as a result, you should not rely on such potential guarantees as a 
basis of your investment decision. 
We may not be able to finance a put option redemption. 
The Bond Agreement will require us to make an offer to repurchase the Bonds at % of their aggregate principal 
amount if we experience certain change of control events or a de-listing event (a bondholder put option). Our failure 
to effect a put option when required would constitute an event of default under the Bond Agreement. In addition, 
our ability to repurchase the Bonds as may be required by the Bond Agreement will depend on our access to funds 
at such time, and we may not be able to secure access to enough cash to finance the repurchase. Upon a change 
of control event or a de-listing event, we may be required to mandatorily prepay the outstanding loans under the

--- Page 11 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
11
Revolving Credit Facility Agreement. It cannot be guaranteed that there will be sufficient funds available upon a 
change of control or a de-listing event to make these repayments and repurchases of tendered Bonds. 
Risk of being unable to pay interest and principal on its indebtedness, including the Bonds 
During the lifetime of the Bonds, the Company is required to make scheduled interest payments on the Bonds. The 
Company's ability to generate cash flow from operations and to make scheduled payments on and to repay its 
indebtedness, including the Bonds, will depend on the future financial performance of the Group. If the Group is 
unable to service its indebtedness, it will be forced to adopt an alternative strategy that may include actions such 
as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing indebtedness or seeking 
equity capital. The Group cannot assure investors that any of these alternative strategies could be achieved on 
satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they would yield sufficient funds to make required payments on or to repay the 
Bonds and the Group's other indebtedness. 
The interests of our shareholders may not be aligned with the interests of the holders of the Bonds. 
The interests of our shareholders could conflict with the interests of the holders of the Bonds, particularly if we 
encounter financial difficulties or are unable to pay our debts when due. Our principal shareholders could also have 
an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings, dividend distributions or other transactions that, in their 
judgment, could benefit their equity investments, although such transactions might involve risks to the holders of 
the Bonds. Finally, our direct and indirect shareholders may have strategic objectives or business interests that 
could conflict with our own strategies or interests. 
The Bonds may be subject to optional redemption by the Company, which may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Bonds.  
The terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement will provide that the Bonds shall be subject to optional redemption 
by the Company at their outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, 
plus a premium calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement. This is likely to limit 
the market value of the Bonds. It may not be possible for bondholders to reinvest proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, are not recommendations to buy or hold securities and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bonds. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Bonds. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. Since these are not 
inflexible, a credit rating could change over any given period of time or a credit rating could be lowered or withdrawn 
entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. A suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time of the credit rating assigned to the Bonds by one or more of the credit rating 
agencies may adversely affect our access to capital, the cost and terms and conditions of our financings and the 
value 
An active trading market may not develop for the Bonds, in which case you may not be able to resell the 
Bonds. 
There is no existing trading market for the Bonds and we cannot assure you that an active or liquid trading market 
will develop for the Bonds. No market-making agreement has been made for the Bonds. We will apply for listing of 
the Bonds on Oslo Børs or another reputable stock exchange. Future liquidity will depend, among other things, on 
the number of holders of the Bonds, our financial performance, the market for similar securities and the interest of 
securities dealers in making a market in the Bonds. In addition, changes in the overall market for high yield securities 
and changes in our financial performance or in the markets where we operate may adversely affect the liquidity of 
the trading market in the Bonds and the market price quoted for the Bonds. As a result, we cannot assure you that 
an active trading market will actually develop for the Bonds. Historically, the markets for non-investment grade debt 
such as the Bonds have been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in their prices. The 
market, if any, for the Bonds may be subject to similar disruptions. Any disruptions may have an adverse effect on 
the holders of the Bonds. 
Transfer of the Bonds will be restricted, which may adversely affect the value of the Bonds. 
Because the Bonds have not been, and are not required to be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, they may not be offered or sold 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. 
Securities Act and all other applicable laws. These restrictions may limit your ability to resell the Bonds. It is your

--- Page 12 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
12
obligation to ensure that your offers and sales of the Bonds within the United States and other countries comply 
with applicable securities laws. 
The terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement will allow for modification of the Bonds or waivers or 
authorizations of breaches and substitution of the Company which, in certain circumstances, may be 
affected without the consent of bondholders. 
The Bond Agreement will contain provisions for calling meetings of bondholders. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to make decisions affecting and binding all bondholders. The Bond Trustee may, without the consent of 
the bondholders, agree to certain modifications of the Bond Agreement and other finance documents which, in the 
opinion of the Bond Trustee, are proper to make.

--- Page 13 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
13
2 Definitions 
Annual Report 2021 
B2Holding ASA's financial report of 2021 
Q2 Report 2022 
B2Holding ASA's financial half-yearly report of 2022 
Q3 Report 2022 
B2Holding ASA's Third quarter report of 2022 
Q4 Report 2022 
B2Holding ASA's Fourth quarter report of 2022 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of B2Holding ASA, as amended and currently in 
effect 
Base Prospectus 
This document dated 27 February 2023. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in 
accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Board or  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of B2Holding ASA 
Bonds 
The Bonds means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer. 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
Company/Issuer/B2Holding 
B2Holding ASA the parent company of the Group 
ECB 
European Central Bank 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
ERC 
Estimated Remaining Collection - the gross cash amount estimated to be      
collected 
ESG 
Environmental Social and Governance 
EU 
The European Union  
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
FTE 
Full-Time Equivalent 
FX 
Forex (global electronic marketplace for trading international currencies)  
Group 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
Joint Global Coordinators: 
DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 
Oslo, Norway,

--- Page 14 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
14
Nordea Bank Abp, filial I Norge, P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, 
Norway and  
Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, P.O. Box 1411 Vika, 0115  
Oslo Norway. 
Joint Lead Managers: 
Arctic Securities AS, Haakon VIIs gate 5, 0161 Oslo Norway, 
DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 
Oslo, Norway, 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial I Norge, P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, 
Norway and  
Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, P.O. Box 1411 Vika, 0115  
Oslo Norway. 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
NPL 
Non-performing loan 
REO 
Real Estate Owned assets 
SDG 
Sustainable Development Goals 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
We, us, our and the Group 
     and other similar terms refer, unless the context otherwise requires, to the  
     Company and its consolidated subsidiaries.

--- Page 15 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
15
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
B2Holding ASA, Cort Adelers gate 30, 0254 Oslo, Norway. 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
B2Holding ASA confirms that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
Oslo, 27 February 2023 
B2Holding ASA 
__________________________ 
Erik Just Johnsen 
CEO 
3.3 Competent Authority Approval 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of the template for Final Terms. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 16 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
16
4 Statutory Auditors   
4.1 Names and addresses 
Ernst & Young AS, independent State Authorised Public Accountants, Dronning Eufemias gate 6, 0191 Oslo has 
been the Issuer's auditor since December 2014. Phone number +47 24 00 24 00. 
State Authorised Public Accountant Kjetil Rimstad has been liable for the Auditor's report for 2021.  
Ernst & Young AS is member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants.

--- Page 17 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
17
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is B2Holding ASA and the commercial name is B2Holding. 
5.1.2 Place of registration and registration number  
The Company is registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with registration number 992 249 986. 
5.2 Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated in Norway and operating under Norwegian law 
including the Companies Act. LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 5967007LIEEXZXFHOO08.  
The Company's registered business address and postal address is Cort Adelers gate 30, 0254 Oslo, Norway.  
The Company’s telephone number is +47 22 83 39 50. 
Website: https://www.b2holding.no

Disclaimer:
The information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
the prospectus.

--- Page 18 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
18
6 Business overview 
6.1 Introduction 
A professional and reliable debt specialist 
B2Holding is a pan-European debt investor and servicer. Our vision is to become the trusted partner that actively re-
shapes the credit management industry.  
Through our business solutions we contribute to handling society’s debt problems, bridging the gap that defaulted debt 
represents in the credit chain. Our business is about people and creating shared value for business and society. Being a 
socially responsible creditor and a trusted solution provider for our partners are fundamental in our way of doing business.
Source: Company information 
BUSINESS LINES 
The Group’s main business lines are Unsecured and Secured Asset Management. The markets are allocated according 
to their dominant ERC asset class and expected market potential.  
Unsecured markets: 
Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Spain, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary. 
Secured markets: 
Italy, France, Romania, Greece, Cyprus, Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro.

--- Page 19 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
19
Source: Company information 
6.2 B2Holding’s Industry and Services
6.2.1 B2Holding’s Industry 
In an advanced credit market, specialised expertise in following up defaulted loan agreements is essential. 
B2Holding specialises in purchasing and collecting non-performing and performing consumer debts.  
Banks and other creditors are increasingly aware that this is not part of their core business, and therefore choose 
professional business partners. Throughout Europe debt purchasers act as an integrated part of banks' outsourcing 
model, and the debt purchasing industry has become an important part of the finance sector. 
This trend provides greater efficiency in the economy. Banks that sell such portfolios, achieve better liquidity and 
risk management, putting them in a better position to distribute new capital and fulfil their true role. 
Those of the banks' customers with payment problems will at the same time get a new opportunity to pay back their 
debt. While banks must largely treat all their loan customers the same, our industry can show flexibility and go far 
to help debtors who are willing to discuss solutions. However, effective systems have been established to recover 
debt through legal action when necessary. 
Following the financial crisis, banks were subject to new and stricter requirements for capital adequacy. This has 
led to an increasing need for banks to get non-performing loans (NPLs) off their balance sheet. Increasing

--- Page 20 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
20
regulations and shortage of capital among banks are main drivers for the debt purchasing industry throughout 
Europe. 
Source: Company information 
6.2.2 B2Holding’s Services 
Debt purchase 
At B2Holding we have built strong relationships with financial institutions and other large corporate vendors.  
The number of completed transactions of non-performing loans (NPLs), as well as the scale of the Group's 
operations, guarantee an efficient and professional handling. We have the necessary know-how to conduct the 
entire process of purchasing debt portfolios. 
Our long-term experience of NPL portfolio pricing provides an efficient and reliable pricing for any industry, resulting 
in a realistic market value of the portfolios. 
Debt collection 
B2Holding offers tailored collection strategies for the follow-up of unsettled claims.  
We help debtors back on track and provide optimal collections through amicable solutions or legal processes.

--- Page 21 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
21
B2Holding presents a flexible approach to the restructuring of debts. Such an approach is often of considerable 
benefit to a debtor, whose goal, despite temporary problems, is to restore his/her financial credibility and status as 
a reliable consumer.  
In our communication with the debtor, we will focus on understanding and co-operation, rather than denying that a 
debt problem exists. 
B2Holding has two main collection strategies: 

Amicable collection 
For debtors who are willing to co-operate and are ready for negotiations and settlement.  

Legal collection 
For debtors with fixed income (salary, pension) who are unreachable and thus prevent the repayment of 
their debt through an amicable negotiation and settlement process. 
A strategy of actions depends on the nature of the debt and an individual analysis of the debtor's financial capability. 
B2Holding offers a wide scope of debt collection methods. Regardless of method, the most important principles are 
compliance with ethical and moral standards, protection of our partners' and vendors' reputation, and respect of 
debtor rights. 
Credit information 
B2Holding offers credit information as a service through Credit reform in Latvia.  
Credit reform is the leading player within credit information in Latvia and has a large data base of credit information 
where credit reports are prepared and sold to customers. 
Third party debt collection 
Third party debt collection is offered as a service in the Baltics, Finland, Norway and Sweden.  
As opposed to debt purchasing, third party debt collection is collection of debt on behalf of customers. In some of 
the markets where B2Holding operates, we carry out third party debt collection and purchase debt from the same 
customers. 
Consumer lending 
B2Holding offers consumer lending in Poland.  
As of today, B2Holding has one consumer lending companies, Takto Finans in Poland.  
6.3 The nature of the business and its operations 
B2Holding ASA (“the Company”) is a Nordic-based debt solutions provider with a vison to be a trusted partner that 
actively re-shapes the credit management industry. The Company is the parent company of the B2Holding 
consolidated group of companies (together “the Group” or “B2Holding”) and since incorporation in 2011, the Group 
has grown to become a pan-European debt solutions provider. The Group aims to maintain its position in the 
European non-performing loan (“NPL”) markets.
The Group’s mission is to contribute towards addressing society’s debt problems and to bridge the gap that 
defaulted debt represents in the credit chain, in short “bridging the gap”. The Group’s core values are Agility, 
Integrity, Diversity, Excellence and Responsibility and these values reflect the Group’s culture and guide the 
behavior and actions of all its employees.  
The Group provides debt solutions for customers (referred to as debtors) both within unsecured and secured debt, 
ranging from consumer credits, residential credits, credits to small and medium-sized enterprise (“SMEs”), as well 
as to corporate customers. In addition, the Group provides services for third-party debt collection, credit information 
and project management as a full-service provider of debt management and servicing for co-investors and financial 
partners and NPL vendors. 
The strategy set out in the business plan from 2020 remained unchanged in 2021. The main pillars continue to  
be profitable growth through focused investments in core markets and strengthening the Group’s servicing 
capabilities through a focus on efficiency over footprint. During 2020 and 2021 the Group has responded to the 
Covid-19 pandemic (hereafter referred to as “Covid-19” or “the pandemic”) by strict price discipline and a cautious 
approach to investment. Growth has thus slowed the past two years but will once again be a focus for the Groups 
strategy going forward. Operational efficiency is a prerequisite for sustainable platforms and is strived for through 
adopting digital transformation processes and leverage on scale.

--- Page 22 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
22
B2Holding is undertaking a 5-year digital business program powered by data, analytics and technology with the  
aim of transforming the Group into an analytical player in the debt industry. This program is already showing early 
signs of increased business value. The program is expected to continue to drive growth in collections and improve 
operational efficiency and effectiveness through pioneering machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques, 
intelligent automation at scale and cutting-edge technology. Related costs are expensed for. 
The Group strategy and goals are assessed and evaluated annually. This strategy aims to transform the Group 
towards a more cost-efficient model and leverage the Group’s servicing capabilities by increasing assets under 
management. The Group is structured with a clear distinction between asset classes and increased operational 
focus. Further, in 2021 it has established functions and senior positions within risk management, compliance, and 
internal control. 
2021 was the second year of the Covid-19 pandemic with various mutations and steps and the Group continued  
to observe a significantly changed macroeconomic environment characterized by a lot of uncertainty. 
Ethical and responsible collections have always driven the Group’s business, but especially in such challenging 
times. B2Holding acknowledges its social responsibility and closely monitors its operations to ensure that the Group 
demonstrates required sensibility towards those customers that are most vulnerable. 
With access to the many NPL markets in Europe, the Group focuses its investments in markets with growth potential 
that are of strategic importance. During 2021, the Group has maintained a price disciplined and opportunistic 
investment approach consistent with the Group’s response to the uncertainty caused by the pandemic.  
Forward flow contracts were renegotiated in 2020 and this positively affected the returns and the performance in 
2021. 74 % of the portfolio investments in 2021 were in Northern Europe and Poland, both being regions that were 
only moderately impacted by the pandemic.  
Towards the end of the year 2021, the Group observed increased activity in the European NPL markets and a 
greater supply of portfolios. Throughout 2021 the Group has maintained a prudent approach to investments and 
continues to see a positive development in expected returns for new portfolio investments. 
The Group works actively with partners on solutions to optimize overall asset risk exposure, to expand the Group’s  
total investment capacity, and to enhance servicing capacity and scalability. 
6.3.1 Operations in Q4 2022 
Investment activity picked up and both Cash collections and Cash EBITDA (please see Annual Report 2021 
pages 159-160 and Q4 Report 2022 pages 20-23 for information about Alternative performance measures – 
reconciliation and definitions) were very strong in Q4 2022 due to high values of asset sales and cash received 
from JVs.
Source: Company information

--- Page 23 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
23
Higher investment activity and a targeted investment approach in Q4 allowed for portfolio purchases of NOK 769m 
with an additional NOK 435m signed late in December. In total the purchased portfolios added ERC of NOK 2.8bn. 
The Group will continue to maintain a disciplined and selective approach to portfolio investments going forward and 
expects the levels of returns to gradually improve during 2023. 
COLLECTIONS, RECOVERIES, REPOSSESSION AND SERVICING 
Unsecured portfolios 
Q4 2022 Gross collections were NOK 885m and 101.4% of the latest forecast compared with NOK 853m in Q4 
2021. In addition, the JVs in unsecured contributed cash of NOK 20m in Q4 compared with NOK 21m in 2021 Q4. 
In line with previous years, collection performance in Q4 was slightly lower than Q3. As commented in previous 
reports, the Group has not seen any noticeable impact on its collections as a result of uncertainties due to the war 
in Ukraine and inflation. 
B2Holding continued to focus on economies of scale, exchange of best practices between the markets and  
development of data and analytics. The Group remains committed to investing in optimization of collection  
strategies, development of digital client interfaces and improvement of processes. This strategy is expected to  
improve efficiency and effectiveness of unsecured collections going forward. 
Corporate & Secured Asset Management (CSAM)  
Cash collections from secured assets were NOK 385m in Q4 2022 compared with NOK 240m in Q4 2021. The 
significant increase versus Q4 2021 was driven by REO sales of NOK 173m in Q4 2022 compared with NOK 24m 
last year, as well as by lower repossessions in Q4 2022 of NOK 81m compared with NOK 126m in Q4 2021. In 
addition, the JVs in secured contributed cash of NOK 168m compared with NOK 22m in Q4 2021. 
The book value of REOs sold in Q4 2022 was NOK 129m giving a 33% margin for the quarter. Full year 2022 REO  
sales were NOK 581m on book values of NOK 392m and a margin of 48%. The value of repossessed assets 
increased from NOK 1,284m at the end of 2021 to NOK 1,294m at the end of Q4 2022. 
6.4 Geographical Segments 
An operating segment is a part of the Group that generates income and incurs expenses, and for which separate 
financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, the Chief 
Executive Officer, in deciding how to assess performance and allocate resources to the operating segment. 
The Group’s operating segments are the geographical regions: 
 
Northern Europe (NE) 
 
Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania 
 
Poland 
 
Central Europe (CE) 
 
Croatia, Slovenia, Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria, Czech Republic, and Hungary 
 
Western Europe (WE) 
 
Spain, Italy and France 
 
South Eastern Europe (SEE) 
 
Bulgaria, Romania, Greece and Cyprus 
 
Central Functions (CF) 
 
including the Parent company and other Group functions and costs such as the Investment Office in 
Luxembourg 
Results from purchased loan portfolios are included in the region where the portfolio is originated. The breakdown 
by geographical region is also used for internal monitoring in the Group. 
Revenue and operating profits are reported by geographical region. Financial income and expenses are not as the 
allocation of financial items is dependent on the Group structure and financing and is not affected by the actual 
performance of the regions items is dependent on the Group structure and financing and is not affected by the 
actual performance of the regions.

--- Page 24 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
24
Source: European Banking Authority, Risk Dashboard Q3 22 
Note: B2Holding is also present in Bosnia-Hercegovina, Serbia and Montenegro, which are not a member of 
EU/EEA and therefore not included in the statistics. 
6.4.1.1 Northern Europe 
Collections continued to perform well in 2021, but decreased slightly from NOK 1,786 million in 2020 to NOK 1,701 
million in 2021 with the decrease of 5 % mainly due to FX. Underlying collections were just 0.4 % lower than in 2020 
despite the low investment level in 2021. The gross collections in 2021 were mainly (99 %) from unsecured 
portfolios. 
Revenue from purchased loan portfolios was in line with 2020 with lower interest revenue in 2021 offset by a net 
credit gain from purchased loan portfolios in 2021 of NOK 58 million compared with a net credit loss of NOK 36 
million in 2020. The positive outcome in 2021 was due to overperformance on collections. FX negatively impacted 
2021 compared with 2020 by approximately 5 %. Other revenues were also stable year-on-year.  
Costs were lower year-on-year following efficiency improvements and the cost to collect % improved by 1 
percentage point. The number of full-time equivalents (FTEs) in the region by year end was 353 (357) 
6.4.1.2 Poland 
Total collections in 2021 were NOK 1,052 million compared with NOK 1,033 million in 2020, a 2 % increase year-
on-year, however adjusted for FX underlying collections were higher than last year by NOK 99 million (10 %).  
Revenues from NPLs were also higher the last year with lower interest revenue offset by significant over-
performance on collections which resulted in a large positive net gain from purchase loan portfolios in 2021.  
Cost to collect improved from 30 % to 25 % due to higher gross collections combined with reduction in FTEs of 51  
(-11 %) to 433 (484) at the end of 2021.
6.4.1.3 Central Europe 
Collections decreased by NOK 96 million (7 %) mainly being FX, with underlying collections down just 2.7 % year-
on-year. The lower collections year-on-year were on secured portfolios and were due to a relatively large  
repossession in 2020.  
Revenues from NPLs were impacted by the low investment levels in 2020 and in 2021 and thus lower interest 
revenue on lower book values, as well as by a net credit gain from purchased loan portfolios of NOK 33 million in 
2021 compared with a net credit loss of NOK 72 million in the prior year. Other revenues were higher in 2021 due 
to higher revenue from sale of collateral assets which were disposed of at a margin of 36 % in 2021. 
Cost to collect was lower in 2021 than in 2020 following efficiencies achieved across the region and the cost to 
collect percentage decreased to 14 % during the year from 15 % in 2020. The number of FTEs in the region by year 
end was 199 (256).

--- Page 25 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
25
6.4.1.4 South East Europe 
The region increased collections by NOK 37 million (6 %) to NOK 669 million in 2021 compared with NOK 632 
million in 2020. Adjusted for FX, underlying collections increased by NOK 76 million (13 %). Total revenues from 
purchased portfolio were NOK 375 million compared with NOK 325 million in 2020 and an increase of NOK 50 
million. The increase was mainly due net credit losses in 2020. Profit from joint ventures decreased by NOK 2 million 
(6 %) to NOK 27 million (NOK 29 million). The number of FTEs decreased from 567 last year to 534 in  
2021 due to cost efficiency programmes under the pandemic. 
6.4.1.5 Western Europe
The region most affected by the Covid-19 pandemic and subsequent governmental measures. Collections 
decreased by NOK 85 million (16 %) to NOK 463 million of which approximately NOK 30 million or 5 % was  
due to FX. The decrease was otherwise mainly lower collections due to the governmental measures including 
closed courts and bailiffs.  
Revenues from purchased portfolio were down by NOK 191 million (65 %) to NOK 101 million in 2021 compared  
with NOK 292 million in 2020 following a net credit loss of NOK 206 million in 2021 mainly due to negative 
revaluations of secured portfolios. 
The cost to collect percentage increased by 5 % percentage points to 33 % in 2021. The number of FTEs by year 
end was 417, a significant decrease from 453 last year following the cost efficiency program during the pandemic. 
6.4.1.6 Segment reporting Q4 2022 and full year 2022

--- Page 26 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
26

--- Page 27 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
27
6.5 Sustainability in B2Holding
B2Holding’s core values are the heart and soul of the Group. The values guide employees in their work and are a 
common language that clearly demonstrate B2Holding’s culture. Furthermore, the values describe the behaviours 
and attitudes of the Group and contribute to achieving its vision and mission. 
B2Holdings believes in: 

Agility: The Group seeks to gain new knowledge and grow. Through constant development, the Group 
is able to adapt quickly and effectively to changing environments and to the needs of its business 
partners. B2Holding focuses on solutions, not problems. 

Integrity: B2Holding follows the highest ethical principles and does the right thing in all situations. The 
Group stands for what is right and speaks up in the event of misconduct. It is honest, responsible, 
accountable, and dedicated, even when challenged. Integrity is the foundation upon which the Group 
builds trust. 

Diversity: B2Holding believes that a multicultural, inclusive, and diverse work environment is an asset. 
The Group values and respects people of different backgrounds and experiences. B2Holding creates a 
culture where everyone is welcome. 

Excellence: The Group always contributes to the best of its abilities and encourages colleagues to do 
the same. The Group is committed to continuous improvement. B2Holding drives change and strives to 
find better ways of doing things. Technology and digitalization are at the top of the agenda to increase 
efficiency and foster a culture of innovation. 

Responsibility: B2Holding is committed to society and the environment. The Group goes beyond 
compliance and is accountable for its actions

--- Page 28 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
28
6.6 ESG Strategy 
To support the sustainability ambitions, B2Holding developed an ESG strategy in 2021. The strategy guides the 
Group’s ESG work and includes measurable targets that allow tracking goal achievements. The goals were 
developed to align with the SDGs in the areas where B2Holding can have meaningful and sustainable impact. 
The strategy is divided into four strategic lines, which represent B2Holding’s ESG priorities. These are: 
All strategic lines have their own set of goals and targets and are linked to B2Holding’s material topics. The Group 
will track and report on its progress in reaching the targets. The current strategy will run until 2023, at which point 
B2Holding will assess its implementation and develop a new strategy. 
ESG commitment showing results 
Substantially improved the ESG Risk rating from Sustainalytics, ranking us at the top of our industry and within 
the top 1 % of rated companies globally 
 
B2Holding is considered to be at negligible ESG risk: 
 
Low exposure of material ESG issues such as Business Ethics, Data Privacy and Security and 
Product Governance  
 
Material ESG risks have been managed through suitable policies, programmes, or initiatives

--- Page 29 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
29
 
Improved the rating from E to C in The Governance Group’s ESG 100 report on the largest companies 
on Oslo Stock Exchange 
 
B2Holding has reinforced its focus on sustainable development and mission to bridge the gap that 
defaulted debt represents in the credit chain between lenders and customers 
 
European bank’s ability to deal with NPLs is a priority for the ECB’s Banking Supervision as it is vital 
for a functioning bank sector and hence the growth of the economy. 
Source: Morningstar, Sustainalytics

--- Page 30 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
30
7 Trend information 
7.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
31
8 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
8.1 Information about persons 
Board of Directors 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of Directors of B2Holding ASA:  
Name  
Position  
Harald Lauritz Thorstein 
Chair of the Board  
Adele Bugge Norman Pran 
Board member 
Trond Kristian Andreassen 
Board member 
Grethe Wittenberg Meier 
Board member 
Trygve Lauvdal 
Board member 
Thale Susanne Kuvås Solberg 
Board member 
Kjetil Andreas Garstad 
Board member 
The address for each member of the Board of Directors is B2Holding ASA, Cort Adelers gate 30, 0254 Oslo, 
Norway. 
Harald Lauritz Thorsten, Chair of the Board independent from shareholders and management
 
Chair of the Board of Directors since May 2020.   
 
Leader of the Remuneration Committee.  
 
Founder and owner of the London based advisory company Arkwright London Ltd. He has previously held 
positions in Seatankers Management and DnB Markets (Corporate Finance). 
 
Extensive board experience, including Aktiv Kapital, Axactor, SFL Corp and Seadrill. 
 
MSc in Industrial Economics and Technology Management – with specialization within Finance and 
Optimization. 
Adele Bugge Norman Pran, Board Member, independent 
 
Board member since May 2018. 
 
Chair of the Audit Committee.  
 
Management consultant, Board Professional and Investor. 
 
Professional experience from private equity and M&A consulting. 
 
Partner and CFO in Herkules Capital for 12 years. 
 
Board member of ABG Sundal Collier ASA, Mesta AS, Zalaris ASA and XXL ASA. 
 
Cand. jur degree from University of Oslo, Master of Accounting from NHH Norwegian School of 
Economics. 
Trond Kristian Andreassen, Board Member, independent
 
Board member since May 2020.  
 
Managing owner of Vimar AS. Previous positions include CEO and Member of the Board of Avida Finans, 
CEO at Gothia Financial Group and CEO (Nordic, Spain and Holland and CEO Group Factoring Europe) 
at Arvato Financial Solutions.  
 
Member of the Board in Aprila Bank ASA. 
 
Bachelor of Business Administration from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Grethe Wittenberg Meier, Board Member, independent 
 
Board member since May 2020. Deputy board member 2018-2020. 
 
CEO at PrivatMegleren AS. Previous positions include CEO at Terra Aktiv Eiendomsmegling AS, CEO at 
SATS AS, CEO at Vita AS and marketing director at Bank2 AS. 
 
Chairman of Eiendom Norge AS, board member of Fitness Group Nordic AS, Norges Håndballforbunds 
Fondsstyre (Norwegian Handball Association Fund Management) and Nyeboliger AS. 
 
Bachelor of Commerce/Business Studies from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Trygve Lauvdal, Board member. Represents the second-largest shareholder, Rasmussengruppen AS.  
 
Board member since May 2020 and from 2013 to 2018.  
 
Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
 
Investment director at Rasmussengruppen AS. Prior to this, he worked nine years as an equity analyst in 
DNB, specializing in the technology, industrial and renewable energy sectors. 
 
Several board positions in Norwegian companies. 
 
PhD in Engineering Cybernetics from Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).

--- Page 32 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
32
Thale Kuvås Solberg, Board member, independent
 
Board member since May 2021. 
 
Member of the Audit Committee. 
 
Head of Professional Services in Volue ASA, a technology supplier and enabler of the green transition 
listed on Oslo Børs. Previous positions include CEO of the fin-tech company SMB LAB (part of 
SpareBank1), and various leadership roles in SpareBank1, Ernst & Young Advisory and JPMorgan Chase. 
 
Board member of Ztl Payment Solution AS and deputy member of AtB AS. 
 
Holds the title of “Siviløkonom” from NHH Norwegian School of Economics and has a MSc in Risk 
Management from the University of Southampton, UK and a BSc in International Business from 
Copenhagen Business School, DK. 
 
Nominated by Abelia as Top 50 Women in Tech in Norway 2020. 
Kjetil Garstad, Board member. Represents the shareholder Stenshagen Invest AS. 
 
Board member since May 2022. 
 
Member of the Audit Committee.  
 
Previously deputy board member from 2018 to 2020 and board member from 2014 to 2016. 
 
Analyst at Stenshagen Invest AS, a family-owned investment office. Previously Mr. Garstad was Head Of 
Oil Services and partner in Arctic Securities from 2007 to 2014. 
 
MSc in Economics. 
Management 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Management: 
Name  
Position  
Erik Just Johnsen 
Chief Executive Officer  
André Adolfsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Cecilie Kjelland 
Chief Legal, Compliance & HR Officer 
Rasmus Hansson 
Head of Commercial Strategy and Investor Relations 
Endre Solvin-Witzø 
Chief Investment Officer 
Jeremi Bobowski 
Chief Risk Officer 
Adam Parfiniewicz 
Head of Unsecured Asset Management 
George Christoforou 
Head of Secured Asset Management 
Maria Haddad 
Chief Brand & Sustainability Officer 
The business address of each of the members of the Management is B2Holding ASA, Cort Adelers gate 30, 0254 
Oslo, Norway. 
Erik Just Johnsen, Chief Executive Officer  
 
CEO of B2Holding ASA since August 2019. 
 
Joined B2Holding in 2013. Held the position of Chief Group Controller until January 2017, before becoming 
CFO.  
 
Mr. Johnsen has held various positions in Orkla Finans and Elkem before operating Erling Johnsen AS 
from 1992 - 2000. He later acted as CFO in Northstar Ind. Inc. and Marine Subsea. 
 
Bachelor of Business Administration with major in Finance from University of Wisconsin, MBA with major 
in Finance from University of Chicago. 
André Adolfsen, Chief Financial Officer 
 
Joined B2Holding in November 2020. 
 
Mr. Adolfsen has previously held several management positions with the debt industry, including Group 
Finance Director at Intrum and various positions within finance at Lindorff. Further, he has experience as 
a Senior Equity Analyst at Nordea Markets. 
 
Mr. Adolfsen holds an MSc in Finance from Copenhagen Business School and a BSc in Finance from BI 
Norwegian Business School.

--- Page 33 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
33
Cecilie Kjelland, Chief Legal, Compliance & HR Officer
 
Joined B2Holding in September 2019. 
 
Mrs. Kjelland is Vice President in European Company Lawyers Association (ECLA).  
 
She has previously held various positions in Norsk Hydro ASA and Yara International ASA for 17 years 
including; Legal Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Head of Data Privacy. 
 
Law degree from University of Oslo, an LL.M. Degree from Universität Bochum and a Ph.D. in International 
and Comparative Sales Law from University of Freiburg. She has several publications in the fields of 
Corporate Governance, Company Law and International law.
Rasmus Hansson, Head of Commercial Strategy and Investor Relations 
 
Joined B2Holding in January 2015. 
 
Mr. Hansson has held various positions among others in Telenor Venture, Moe Securities and Hafslund 
Venture. 
 
BSc from University of Oslo in Economics and Political Science and MSc in Management from London 
School of Economics. 
Endre Solvin-Witzø, Chief Investment Officer 
 
Joined B2Holding in October 2021. 
 
Mr. Solvin-Witzø has previously held key leadership positions at Lowell, Intrum and Lindorff, as well as 
executive positions at Cermaq ASA and IBM. 
 
Mr. Solvin-Witzø holds an MSc in Information and Knowledge Management from the Norwegian University 
of Science and Technology and an MBA in Finance from NHH Norwegian School of Economics. 
Jeremi Bobowski, Chief Risk Officer 
 
Joined B2Holding in March 2015. Held the position as Chief Investment Officer until October 2019.  
 
Mr. Bobowski has held various positions among others in Arthur Andersen, AIG and Credit Agricole. 
 
He later joined ULTIMO, acquired by B2Holding in 2014, as CRO. 
 
MSc in Mathematics and Statistics from Technical University of Wrocław. 
Adam Parfiniewicz, Head of Unsecured Asset Management
 
Joined B2Holding in 2016. Held the position as Regional Director for Poland, Finland & Baltics, until 
December 2019. Head of Unsecured Asset Management since October 2019.  
 
Mr. Parfiniewicz previously held various management positions in Polish retail banks, including PBK, 
Credit Agricole and BNP Paribas. He also served as a CEO in PolCard (card processor) and Expander 
(mortgage and investments broker). 
 
Bachelor of Business Administration from University of Warsaw. 
George Christoforou, Head of Secured Asset Management 
 
Joined B2Holding in April 2018 as CEO of B2Kapital in Greece. Held the position as Regional Director 
Central & South-east Europe until December 2019. Head of Secured Asset Management from October 
2019.  
 
Mr. Christoforou has held various positions in banking and corporate finance, including serving as CEO 
for Bank of Cyprus in Romania. He specialised in NPL management during the Greek and Cypriot financial 
crises and has held the position as Chief of Portfolios in the Greek single liquidation entity PQH. 
 
MBA from London Business School and is licensed insolvency practitioner. 
Maria Haddad, Chief Brand & Sustainability Officer 
 
Joined B2Holding in October 2018 as Regional Director for Western Europe. Chief Brand & Sustainability 
Officer (formerly titled Head of Corporate Development) since January 2020.  
 
Mrs. Haddad has held various positions at national and international levels among others as CEO of Aktiv 
Kapital for Spain and France with responsibilities for portfolios in Italy and Portugal, and as CEO of Arvato 
Financial Solutions in Spain - Bertelsmann Group. She has extensive experience in the valuation of NPL 
portfolios. Mrs. Haddad has been Board Member and General Secretary at the National Association in 
Spain (Angeco) for several years. 
 
Law degree from Universidad Complutense and an LL.M in Tax Law from Institute de Empresa in Madrid 
8.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the Issuer by the persons 
referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 34 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
34
9 Major shareholders 
9.1 Ownership  
The Issuer’s largest shareholders are Prioritet Group AB and the Norwegian family office Rasmussengruppen AS.  
Below is an overview of the 20 largest shareholders in the Issuer as of 15 February 2023. 
9.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Issuer. 
To the extent known to the issuer, the issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled. 
Investor
Number of shares
% of top 20
% of total
Type
Country
PRIORITET GROUP AB
52 913 000,00
19,86%
13,18%
COMP
SWE
RASMUSSENGRUPPEN AS
43 073 236,00
16,17%
10,73%
COMP
NOR
STENSHAGEN INVEST AS
26 500 143,00
9,95%
6,60%
COMP
NOR
VALSET INVEST AS
26 000 000,00
9,76%
6,48%
COMP
NOR
DNB MARKETS AKSJEHANDEL/-ANALYSE
21 558 475,00
8,09%
5,37%
COMP
NOR
B2HOLDING ASA
14 184 000,00
5,32%
3,53%
COMP
NOR
SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB
12 849 468,00
4,82%
3,20%
COMP
NOR
DUNKER AS
8 207 124,00
3,08%
2,04%
COMP
NOR
RUNE BENTSEN AS
8 191 680,00
3,08%
2,04%
COMP
NOR
VERDIPAPIRFONDET STOREBRAND NORGE
7 329 736,00
2,75%
1,83%
COMP
NOR
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG GAMBA
6 759 479,00
2,54%
1,68%
COMP
NOR
VERDIPAPIRFONDET DNB NORGE
6 156 354,00
2,31%
1,53%
COMP
NOR
GREENWAY AS
5 802 368,00
2,18%
1,45%
COMP
NOR
VPF DNB AM NORSKE AKSJER
5 172 336,00
1,94%
1,29%
COMP
NOR
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG NORGE
4 331 916,00
1,63%
1,08%
COMP
SWE
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG AKTIV
4 049 949,00
1,52%
1,01%
COMP
SWE
PORTIA AS
3 550 000,00
1,33%
0,88%
COMP
NOR
LIN AS
3 500 000,00
1,31%
0,87%
COMP
NOR
CRESSIDA AS
3 250 030,00
1,22%
0,81%
COMP
NOR
F2KAPITAL AS
3 000 000,00
1,13%
0,75%
COMP
NOR
Total number owned by top 20
266 379 294,00
Total number of shares
401 364 824,00
66,37%
100,00%

--- Page 35 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
35
10 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
10.1 Financial statements 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) applicable 
to companies reporting under IFRS. The consolidated financial statements comply with IFRS as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and approved by the EU. The Group’s accounting policies is 
shown in Annual Report of 2021, note 2, page 91-97. B2Holding ASA’s accounting policies is shown in Annual 
Report of 2021, note 1, page 142-143.
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, information in a 
prospectus may be incorporated by reference.  
Because of the complexity in the historical financial information and financial statements this information is 
incorporated by reference to the Q4 Report 2022, Q3 Report 2022, Q2 2022 Report and the Annual Report 2021. 
Please see Cross Reference List for complete references.   
Q4 Report 2022 
Unaudited
Q3 Report 2022 
Unaudited
Q2 Report 2022 
Unaudited
               2021 
Audited
B2Holding ASA - Consolidated
Page(s)
Page(s)
Page(s)
Page(s)
Income statement
9
9
9
85
Statement of comprehensive income
9
9
9
86
Statement of financial position
10
10
10
87
Statement of cash flow
11
11
11
89
Notes 
12-20
12-20
12-20
90-138
B2Holding ASA - Parent
Income statement
139
Balance Sheet 
140
Cash flow statement
141
Notes
142-152
10.2 Auditing of annual financial information 
The financial information for 2021 has been audited.  
A statement of audited financial information is given in Annual Report 2021 pages 154-158. 
10.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may have 
or have had in the recent past significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability. 
10.4 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of the 
last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 36 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
36
11 Regulatory disclosures 
The table below set outs a short summary of the information the Company has disclosed under Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014, which is relevant as at the date of the Prospectus, in the 12 months' period prior to the date of this 
Prospectus.  
ADDITIONAL REGULATED INFORMATION 
Date disclosed 
Title 
Summary of the information given 
15.02.2023 
Key information relating to 
the cash dividend to be 
paid by B2Holding ASA 
Dividend amount: NOK 0.20 per share. Declared currency: NOK. 
Last day including right: 25 May 2023. Ex-date: 26 May 2023. 
Record date: 30 May 2023. Payment date: 5 June 2023. Date of 
approval (AGM): 25 May 2023 
14.02.2023 
B2Holding ASA: Result 
from Written Resolution 
Reference is made to the notice of a written resolution dated 2 
February 2023 for B2Holding ASA, rated B+ (Stable) by S&P and 
Ba3 (Stable) by Moody’s, in its senior unsecured bonds maturing 
28 May 2024 (ISIN NO 0010852742). The proposed resolution to 
make certain amendments to the bond terms was approved today. 
Please see the attached notice from the written resolution. DNB 
Markets acted as Financial Advisor to B2Holding in the written 
resolution. 
03.02.2023 
B2Holding ASA: 
Successfully extended Tap 
Issue 
B2Holding ASA has successfully extended the latest tap issue with 
EUR 20 million in their outstanding senior unsecured bonds due 22 
September 2026 (ISIN: NO0012704107). The total outstanding 
amount after the latest transaction is EUR 300 million. The 
extended tap was issued at a price of 99.25% of par.  
DNB Markets and Nordea acted as Global Coordinators and Joint 
Bookrunners and Sparebank 1 Markets acted as Co-Manager for 
the bond issue. 
02.02.2023 
B2HOLDING ASA: 
Exercise of Call Option 
pursuant to Bond Terms in 
ISIN: NO0010822646 – 
FRN B2HOLDING ASA 
SENIOR UNSECURED 
BOND ISSUE 2018/2023 
(B2H04) 
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned 
to them in the bond terms dated 22 May 2018 (as amended and 
restated pursuant to an amendment and restatement agreement 
dated on 24 May 2019 the "Bond Terms") for the above mentioned 
Bond Issue. 
The Maturity Date for the Bond Issue under the Bond Terms is 23 
May 2023.  
B2Holding ASA (the "Issuer") has informed Nordic Trustee AS (the 
"Bond Trustee") that they wish to exercise the Call Option and 
redeem all Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100% of the Face 
Value plus accrued and unpaid interests on the redeemed amount 
pursuant to Clause 11.2 (Call Option) of the Bond Terms. The Call 
Option Repayment Date will be 6 March 2023. 
02.02.2023 
B2Holding: Summons for a 
Written Resolution 
Oslo, 2 February 2023: B2Holding ASA, rated B+ (Stable) by S&P 
and Ba3 (Stable) by Moody’s, has today instructed Nordic Trustee 
to summon a written resolution for the company’s senior unsecured 
bonds maturing 28 May 2024 (ISIN NO 0010852742). The purpose 
of the written resolution is to consider a proposal for certain 
amendments to the bond terms (the “Amendment Proposal”). The 
summons for a written resolution including details on the 
Amendment Proposal is attached together with this press release.

--- Page 37 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
37
The background for the Amendment Proposal is to principally align 
the dividend clauses in the senior unsecured bonds maturing 28 
May 2024 (ISIN NO 0010852742) with the recently issued senior 
unsecured bonds maturing 22 September 2026 (ISIN NO 
0012704107). 
23.09.2022 
B2HOLDING ASA: 
Exercise of Call Option 
pursuant to Bond Terms in 
ISIN: NO0010809932 – 
FRN B2HOLDING ASA 
SENIOR UNSECURED 
BOND ISSUE 2017/2022 
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned 
to them in the bond terms dated 10 November 2017 (as amended 
and restated on 24 May 2019 the "Bond Terms"). 
The Maturity Date for the Bond Issue under the Bond Terms is 14 
November 2022.  
B2Holding ASA (the "Issuer") has informed Nordic Trustee AS (the 
"Bond Trustee") that they wish to exercise the Call Option and 
redeem all Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100% of the Face 
Value plus accrued and unpaid interests on the redeemed amount 
pursuant to Clause 11.2 (Call Option) of the Bond Terms. 
The Call Option Repayment Date will be 24 October 2022. 
19.08.2022 
B2Holding ASA has closed 
the non-recourse senior 
financing with PIMCO 
As previously announced on 10 February 2022, B2Holding ASA 
signed a non-recourse senior financing agreement with a company 
managed and advised by Pacific Investment Management 
Company LLC (“PIMCO”). The transaction was subject to the 
fulfilment of certain conditions precedent. B2Holding is pleased to 
announce that the transaction is now closed, and funding is 
released. The senior financing will have a floating interest rate of 
4.55% over 3m Euribor. B2Holding, through its fully owned 
subsidiary, Veraltis Asset Management, will be the master and 
special servicer of the portfolios included in the structure.  
24.05.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Minutes 
from the Annual General 
Meeting 2022 
The Annual General Meeting of B2Holding ASA was held today, 24 
May 2022, by digital means. 
All proposals on the agenda were adopted, cf. notice of the Annual 
General Meeting published on NewsWeb Oslo Børs on 29 April 
2022. 
A cash dividend of NOK 0.42 per share for the financial year 2021 
was approved. The share is quoted ex-dividends on 25 May 2022. 
Dividends will be paid on June 2, 2022. 
Members to the Board of Directors were elected in accordance with 
the proposal by the Nomination Committee. Following the election, 
the Board of Directors will be as follows: 
Harald L. Thorstein (Chair), Thale Kuvås Solberg, Adele Bugge 
Norman Pran (Re-elected), Grethe Wittenberg Meier, Trygve 
Lauvdal, Trond Kristian Andreassen, Kjetil Garstad (New).  
The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting is attached and 
available 
on 
https://www.b2holding.no/Governance/General-
meetings 
29.04.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Notice for 
Annual General Meeting 24 
May 2022 
The Annual General Meeting of B2Holding ASA (OSE:B2H)will be 
held on Tuesday,24 May 2022 at 09:00 am (CEST). The Notice of 
Annual General Meeting is attached. The Annual General Meeting 
will be held as a virtual meeting. The Board requests shareholders 
to use the possibility of casting advance votes or voting by proxy or

--- Page 38 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
38
by virtual attendance. Guide for virtual attendance is set out in 
Appendix to the Notice. The Notice is posted electronically or by 
mail to all shareholders and are available on the Company’s 
website www.b2holding.no. 
26.04.2022 
Key information relating to 
the cash dividend to be 
paid by B2Holding ASA 
Dividend amount: NOK 0,42 per share. Declared currency: NOK 
Last day including right: 24 May 2022. Ex-date: 25 May 2022. 
Record date: 27 May 2022. Payment date: 2 June 2022. Date of 
approval (AGM): 24 May 2022 
26.04.2022 
B2Holding ASA: 
Announcement of dividend, 
a new dividend policy and 
approval of Annual Report 
2021 
The Board of Directors of B2Holding ASA has today approved the 
Annual Report for 2021. There are no material adjustments in the 
final accounts compared with the preliminary financial statements 
published on 10 February 2022. B2Holding’s Annual Report 2021 
will be published on Friday 29 April.  
The Board proposes a dividend of NOK 0.42 per share for 2021 for 
the Annual General Meeting, to be held on 24 May 2022.  
The Board also approved a new dividend policy for the Company 
that states the following:  
“B2Holding will target a distribution to its shareholders for a 
financial year of 20-50% of profit after tax on a consolidated basis 
in terms of the aggregated amount of dividend pay-out and 
distribution in kind of share buy-back programs of treasury shares. 
Distributions through dividends or share buy-back programs can 
only be initiated by the Board of Directors based on an authorisation 
from the General Meeting applicable for one or several occasions 
limited to the framework of the latest annual accounts.” 
10.02.2022 
Key information relating to 
the cash dividend to be 
paid by B2Holding ASA 
Dividend amount: NOK 0.42 per share. Declared currency: NOK. 
Last day including right: 24 May 2022. Ex-date: 25 May 2022. 
Record date: 27 May 2022. Payment date: 2 June 2022. Date of 
approval (AGM): 24 May 2022 
10.02.2022 
B2Holding ASA agrees a 
non-recourse senior 
financing with PIMCO 
As previously announced, B2Holding ASA has been engaged in 
discussions with reputable institutional investment partners to 
establish 
a 
co-investment 
partnership 
predominantly 
for 
B2Holding’s back book in secured assets.  
“We have advanced well since the previous quarter and have now 
completed the first milestone of this partnership. I am very pleased 
to announce that the key financier in this first step is a company 
managed and advised by Pacific Investment Management 
Company LLC (“PIMCO”), one of the largest asset managers and 
capital providers in the world. In addition to being a credible and 
sought-after capital provider, PIMCO and its affiliates have strong 
experience and competence within non-performing assets which 
we believe is setting the grounds for a mutually beneficial 
cooperation with B2Holding going forward. I would like to thank 
PIMCO for the collaborative spirit during the proceedings.” said Erik 
Just Johnsen, CEO B2Holding ASA   
The investment from the company managed and advised by 
PIMCO is a non-recourse senior financing structure for the 
countries where secured assets is the predominant asset class. 
The senior financing will represent approximately 50% of book 
value of the assets included in the structure at an interest rate of 
5%. Most of the countries in the Central and South-eastern Europe

--- Page 39 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
39
region will be included in the structure with the addition of France 
and Italy. The unsecured assets in these countries will also be 
included in the structure. The structure provides for a redeployment 
of capital from collection and recoveries under an agreed 
framework, in addition to potential co-investments with PIMCO 
and/or its affiliates for larger portfolios. B2Holding will be the master 
and/or the special servicer of the portfolios included in the structure. 
About PIMCO  
PIMCO is one of the world’s premier fixed income investment 
managers. With our launch in 1971 in Newport Beach, California, 
PIMCO introduced investors to a total return approach to fixed 
income investing. In the 50 years since, we have continued to bring 
innovation and expertise to our partnership with clients seeking the 
best investment solutions. Today we have offices across the globe 
and professionals united by a single purpose: creating opportunities 
for investors in every environment. PIMCO is owned by Allianz S.E., 
a leading global diversified financial services provider. 
INSIDE INFORMATION 
Date disclosed 
Title 
Summary of the information given 
16.09.2022 
B2Holding ASA: 
Successfully Completed 
New Bond Issue 
B2Holding ASA has successfully issued an EUR 150 million senior 
unsecured bond with maturity in 2026. The bond will have a coupon 
of 3 month EURIBOR + 6.90% and will be listed on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. Settlement date is expected to be 22 September 2022.  
Concurrently with the new bond issue, B2Holding ASA will 
repurchase approximately EUR 43 million in the outstanding bond 
B2H03 (ISIN: NO0010809932) at a price of 100.45% of par and 
approximately EUR 66 million in the outstanding bond B2H04 (ISIN: 
NO0010822646) at a price of 100.70% of par. 
The net proceeds from the bond issue shall be applied to 
refinancing and general corporate purposes. 
With the new bond issue, B2Holding has financial flexibility to repay 
the remaining of bond B2H03 and B2H04 and at the same time 
retaining sufficient investment capacity. On a pro forma basis, 
B2Holding’s cost of funding has increased with around 20 bps 
compared with end of the second quarter when the refinancing of 
the RCF, the senior financing from PIMCO and the newly issued 
bond is included.  
DNB Markets, Nordea and Pareto acted as Global Coordinators 
and Joint Bookrunners and Arctic Securities acted as Joint 
Bookrunners for the bond issue.   
13.09.2022 
B2Holding ASA: 
Presentation for fixed 
income investor meetings 
With reference to the announcement made on 12 September 2022, 
the presentation for the upcoming fixed income investor meetings 
can be found attached and will be available on www.b2holding.no. 
19.08.2022 
B2Holding ASA sign 
agreement for sale of 
subsidiary in Bulgaria 
B2Holding has signed an agreement to sell 100% of the shares in 
its Bulgarian subsidiary, Debt Collection Agency EAD (“DCA”), to a 
local Special Purpose Vehicle company.

--- Page 40 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
40
The total proceeds received from the sale of DCA is EUR 48.4 
million which after adjustments represent close to 100% of the book 
value of the portfolios. The closing of the transaction is subject to 
relevant regulatory approvals in Bulgaria and is expected in 
October this year.  
The transaction will trigger a non-cash impairment of NOK 105 
million after tax. This is mainly related to goodwill. The signing of 
the Sale and Purchase Agreement was done subsequent to the 
second quarter, but B2Holding will recognize the impairment in the 
second quarter.   
“The sale of DCA Bulgaria is another important step in reducing our 
geographical footprint and redeploying capital in our core markets 
to further drive scalability in the Group. This is an important part of 
our communicated strategy. As more than 90% of assets in DCA 
are unsecured portfolios, the strategic fit with the other countries 
serviced by Veraltis Asset Management is limited. I would like to 
thank Yulia Yurgakieva, CEO of DCA, and her team for all their 
efforts, and I wish them all the best for the future,” said Erik 
Johnsen, CEO of B2Holding.   
The sale is a result of a structured auction process advised by 
Alantra Corporate Portfolio Advisors Limited. 
22.11.2021 
B2Holding ASA: 
Presentation for fixed 
income investor meetings 
B2Holding ASA: Presentation for fixed income investor meetings. 
With reference to the announcement made on 22 November 2021, 
the presentation for the upcoming fixed income investor meetings 
can be found attached and will be available on www.b2holding.no. 
MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF TRADE PRIMARY INSIDERS  
Date disclosed 
Title 
Summary of the information given 
26.08.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insiders 
Trond Kristian Andreassen, member of the Board of Directors of 
B2Holding ASA, has on 26 August 2022 acquired 45,000 shares in 
B2Holding ASA through his related party Vimar AS at an average 
price of NOK 8.96. Following the transaction, Trond Kristian 
Andreassen and related party hold 300,000 shares in the 
Company. 
26.08.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by related party to 
Primary Insiders 
Stenshagen Invest AS, a related party to Kjetil Garstad, Member of 
the Board of Directors of B2Holding ASA, has on 26 August 2022 
purchased 1,400,000 shares in B2Holding ASA at an average price 
of NOK 8.965. Following this transaction, Stenshagen Invest AS 
holds 26,500,143 shares in the Company representing 6.61% of the 
share capital.   
25.08.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by related party to 
Primary Insiders 
Stenshagen Invest AS a related party to Kjetil Garstad, Member of 
the Board of Directors of B2Holding ASA, has on 25 August 2022 
purchased 500,000 shares in B2Holding ASA at an average price 
of NOK 8.9135 Following this transaction, Stenshagen Invest AS 
holds 25,100,143 shares in the Company representing 6,26% of the 
share capital.   
23.08.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insiders 
Endre Solvin-Witzø, Chief Investment Officer of B2Holding ASA, 
has on 23 August 2022 sold 150,000 shares in B2Holding ASA at 
an average price of NOK 8.97. Following this transaction, Endre

--- Page 41 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
41
Solvin-Witzø holds 125,000 shares in the Company. 
23.08.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insiders 
Harald Thorstein, Chair of the Board of Directors of B2Holding ASA, 
has on 23 August 2022 acquired 80,000 shares in B2Holding ASA 
at an average price of NOK 8.8979. Following these transactions, 
Harald Thorstein holds 280,000 shares in the Company. 
13.05.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insiders 
Endre Solvin-Witzø, Chief Investment Officer of B2Holding ASA, 
has on 13 May 2022 acquired 100,000 shares in B2Holding ASA at 
an average price of NOK 8.294. Following this transaction, Endre 
Solvin-Witzø holds 275,000 shares in the Company. 
07.03.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insider 
Erik J. Johnsen, Chief Executive Officer of B2Holding ASA, has on 
7 March 2022, acquired 40,000 shares in B2Holding ASA at an 
average price of NOK 8.62 per share. Following this transaction, 
Erik J. Johnsen and related parties (Erling Johnsen AS) hold 
2,240,000 shares in the Company. 
07.03.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insider 
Trond Kristian Andreassen, member of the Board of Directors of 
B2Holding ASA, has on 7 March 2022 acquired 40,000 shares in 
B2Holding ASA through his related party Vimar AS at an average 
price of NOK 8.295. Following the transaction, Trond Kristian 
Andreassen and related party hold 255,000 shares in the 
Company. 
11.02.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insider 
Harald Thorstein, Chairman of the Board of Directors of B2Holding 
ASA, has on 11 February 2022 acquired 75,000 shares in 
B2Holding ASA at an average price of NOK 9.7143. Following 
these transactions, Harald Thorstein holds 200,000 shares in the 
Company. 
10.02.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insider 
Endre Solvin-Witzø, Chief Investment Officer of B2Holding ASA, 
has on 10 February 2022 acquired 50,500 shares in B2Holding 
ASA at an average price of NOK 9,666. Following this transaction, 
Endre Solvin-Witzø holds 175,000 shares in the Company. 
10.02.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insider 
Erik J. Johnsen, Chief Executive Officer of B2Holding ASA, has on 
10 February 2022 acquired 120,000 shares in B2Holding ASA at 
an average price of NOK 9,632. Following this transaction, Erik J. 
Johnsen and related party (Erling Johnsen AS) hold 2,200,000 
shares in the Company. 
10.02.2022 
Mandatory notification of 
trade by Primary Insider 
Trond Kristian Andreassen, member of the Board of Directors of 
B2Holding ASA, has on 10 February 2022 acquired 50,000 shares 
in B2Holding ASA through his related party Vimar AS at an average 
price of NOK 9.59. Following the transaction, Trond Kristian 
Andreassen and related party hold 215,000 shares in the 
Company. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDER NOTIFICATIONS 
Date disclosed 
Title 
Summary of the information given 
16.05.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Disclosure 
of voting rights 
Reference is made to the Annual General Meeting in B2Holding 
ASA to be held on 24 May 2022.    
The Chairman of the Board of B2Holding ASA, Mr. Harald 
Thorstein, has received power of attorneys to represent and vote 
for 28,464,121 shares or 7.10 % of the voting shares taking into

--- Page 42 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
42
consideration the Company's own treasury shares.  
In addition, Mr. Harald Thorstein controls 200,000 shares or 0.05 
% of the voting shares. Hence, following the receipt of the powers 
of attorney, Mr. Harald Thorstein controls 7.15 % of the voting 
shares. The power of attorneys is without voting instructions.  
The power of attorneys is only valid at the Annual General Meeting 
on 24 May 2022. 
TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND CAPITAL 
Date disclosed 
Title 
Summary of the information given 
20.10.2022 
B2Holding ASA: New share 
capital registered 
Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement on 10 
October 2022 regarding the issuance of 200,000 new shares in 
B2Holding ASA. The share capital increase related to this issuance 
has now been registered with the Norwegian Register of Business 
Enterprises.  
The Company’s new share capital is NOK 40,136,482.40, divided 
into 401,364,824 shares, each having a nominal value of NOK 0.10. 
The Articles of Association have been updated accordingly and are 
available on the Company’s webpage. 
10.10.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Increase 
in share capital 
As a result of the exercise of share options by a previous employee, 
the Company's Board of Directors will, pursuant to an authorisation 
granted by the Annual General Meeting on 24 May 2022, resolved 
to increase the Company's share capital with NOK 20,000 by 
issuing 200,000 new shares, each with a par value of NOK 0.10. 
Following completion of the transaction, the Company's share 
capital will be NOK 40,136,482.40, divided into 401,364,824 
shares. 
28.07.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Capital 
reduction and cancellation 
of own shares completed 
The Annual General Meeting of B2Holding ASA on 24 May 2022 
decided to reduce the share capital by NOK 876,777.40, from NOK 
40,993,259.80 to NOK 40,116,482.40, through cancellation of 
8,767,774 shares at NOK 0.10 per share.  
The resolution was published by the Register of Business 
Enterprises on 3 June 2022, whereafter followed a six-week 
creditor notice period. The creditor period has now been completed 
without objections.  
The share capital reduction was registered as completed with the 
Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises today. The share 
capital after the capital reduction amounts to 401 164 824 shares 
of NOK 0.10 per share. Please see the updated “Article of 
Associations” attached. 
ANNUAL, HALF YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDIT REPORTS 
Date disclosed 
Title 
Summary of the information given 
15.02.2023 
B2Holding ASA: Fourth 
quarter results 2022 
B2Holding had net revenues of NOK 824 million in the fourth 
quarter, and gross collections including SPVs and joint ventures of

--- Page 43 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
43
NOK 1,261 million. Both collections and recoveries were strong, 
supported by REOs sales exceeding expectations.  
Cash EBITDA was NOK 1,140 million and adjusted EBIT was NOK 
343 million. Adjusted Net profit was NOK 92 million equivalent to 
earnings per share of NOK 0.23.  
B2Holding invested NOK 769 million in new portfolios in the fourth 
quarter of which 55 per cent were unsecured one-offs, 21 per cent 
were unsecured forward flows, and 24 per cent were secured. The 
ERC was NOK 20.2 billion at end of the quarter. An additional 
investment of NOK 435 million was signed late in December and 
closed in January, bringing the total investments up to NOK 1,204 
million in the fourth quarter and NOK 2.6 billion at the end of the 
year.  
B2Holding has a solid funding base to support future growth. The 
Group’s healthy funding structure and leveraging ensures liquidity 
and financial flexibility to deliver on the strategy. The Group holds 
a EUR 610m senior secured revolving credit facility (RCF). B2H03 
was repaid in full on 24 October 2022 after a call option was 
exercised in Q3 2022. In the first quarter of 2023, B2Holding 
completed a tap issue of EUR 150m in B2H06. The tap proceeds 
were used to repurchase EUR 19m of B2H04. A call option on 
B2H04 was exercised on 2 February 2023 to repay B2H04 in full at 
par plus accrued interest. The outstanding loan balance (adjusted 
for Treasury Bonds) is EUR 95m and will be repaid on 2 March 
2023. After the refinancing of the bonds mentioned above, the 
Group holds two senior unsecured bond loans for a total of EUR 
500m. The Group holds no treasury bonds after full repayment of 
B2H04. 
10.11.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Third 
quarter results 2022 
B2Holding had net revenues of NOK 797 million in the third quarter, 
and gross collections including SPVs and joint ventures of NOK 
1,278 million. Both collections and recoveries were above the latest 
forecast, supported by strong REOs sales. 
B2Holding had net revenues of NOK 797 million in the third quarter, 
and gross collections including SPVs and joint ventures of NOK 
1,278 million. Both collections and recoveries were above the latest 
forecast, supported by strong REOs sales. 
Cash EBITDA was NOK 973 million and adjusted EBIT was NOK 
373 million. Adjusted Net profit was NOK 171 million and Net profit 
was NOK 143 million, equivalent to earnings per share of NOK 
0.36.  
B2Holding invested NOK 399 million in new portfolios in the third 
quarter. All the portfolios purchased were unsecured, of which 34 
per cent were forward flow transactions. The ERC was NOK 19.6 
billion at end of the quarter.  
B2Holding has a healthy funding structure and leverage that 
ensures liquidity and financial flexibility. The Group holds a EUR 
610m senior secured revolving credit facility (RCF). In September 
the Group issued a new EUR 150m senior unsecured bond loan 
with maturity on 22 September 2026 at an interest rate of 3M 
EURIBOR + 690 basis points. A call option on B2H03 was 
exercised on 23 September 2022 to repay B2H03 in full at par plus 
accrued interest. As of October 2022, the Group holds three senior

--- Page 44 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
44
unsecured bond loans for a total of EUR 550m. A nominal value of 
EUR 86m is held as treasury bonds on B2H04 maturing in May 
2023.  
The first and third quarters are normally quarters with seasonally 
lower investment activity. Total invested and committed capital per 
end of the third quarter totalled NOK 1,730m. The activity level has 
been high, but B2Holding have maintained a disciplined and 
selective approach to investment.  
“The third quarter represented another quarter with stable and good 
performance. The cash flow generation was once again strong, and 
despite the restructuring activities carried out in the quarter, the 
contribution from the countries managed by Veraltis Asset 
Management continued the positive trend both on secured 
recoveries and REO sales. Going forward we will continue our 
capital discipline with focus on improved profitability through cost 
control and a continuation of our selective approach to new portfolio 
purchases. We believe this is the recipe for long term value creation 
for our shareholders,” said Erik Just Johnsen, CEO B2Holding 
ASA. 
23.08.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Second 
quarter results 2022 
B2Holding had net revenues of NOK 748 million in the second 
quarter, and gross collections including SPVs and joint ventures of 
NOK 1,245 million. Both collections and recoveries were above the 
latest forecast, with strong REOs sales. 
Cash EBITDA was NOK 949 million and adjusted EBIT was NOK 
330 million. Net profit was NOK 25 million (Adj. Net profit of NOK 
173 million), equivalent to earnings per share of NOK 0.06, 
compared to NOK 162 million and NOK 0.39 per share in the 
second quarter 2021.  
B2Holding invested NOK 758 million in new portfolios in the second 
quarter. All the portfolios purchased were unsecured, of which 20 
per cent were forward flow transactions. The ERC was NOK 19.9 
billion at end of the quarter.  
B2Holding has a solid funding base to support future growth. The 
Group’s healthy funding structure and leverage ensure liquidity and 
financial flexibility. The Group holds three listed senior unsecured 
bond loans for a total of EUR 600 million and a EUR 610m senior 
secured revolving credit facility (RCF) that gives full flexibility to take 
out the two upcoming bond maturities in November 2022 and May 
2023. The project financing stage 1 from PIMCO, the Senior Facility 
Arrangement (“SFA”), was completed on 19 August 2022, providing 
a facility line of EUR 166 million of which 65% can be used for 
reinvestment.  
The Group signed an agreement for the sale of its subsidiary in 
Bulgaria resulting in non-cash one-off effects impacting Net 
Revenue NOK -32m, EBIT NOK -135m, and Net profit NOK -105m. 
Other Non-recurring items of NOK 56m were related to the process 
of establishing the secured master servicer, as well as the senior 
financing with PIMCO. The ongoing restructuring activities will 
result in a more efficient and leaner organisation.   
NPL transaction activity continued the positive trend, with an 
increase in volumes marketed, evaluated, and transacted.

--- Page 45 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
45
12.05.2022 
B2Holding ASA: First 
quarter results 2022 
B2Holding had net revenues of NOK 716 million in the first quarter, 
and cash collections including SPVs and joint ventures of NOK 
1,214 million. Both collections and recoveries were above the latest 
forecast, with strong REOs sales.  
Cash EBITDA was NOK 934 million and adjusted EBIT was NOK 
289 million. Net profit was NOK 97 million (Adj. Net profit of NOK 
128 million), equivalent to earnings per share of NOK 0.24, 
compared to NOK 130 million and NOK 0.33 per share in the first 
quarter of 2021.  
B2Holding invested NOK 239 million in new portfolios in the first 
quarter. All the portfolios purchased were unsecured, of which 43 
per cent were forward flow transactions. The ERC was NOK 18.7 
billion at end of quarter.  
B2Holding has a solid funding base to support future growth. The 
Group’s healthy funding structure and leverage ensure liquidity and 
financial flexibility. The Group holds three listed senior unsecured 
bond loans for a total of EUR 600 million. After the quarter end, 
B2Holding has signed a 2-year extension and EUR 100 million 
increase of the existing Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) agreement 
with improved terms and full flexibility to take out the existing EUR 
50 million bridge loan and the two upcoming bond maturities in 
November 2022 and May 2023.  
The Group had stable underlying operating expenses excluding 
non-recurring items of NOK 40 million related to restructuring. The 
ongoing restructuring activities will result in a more efficient and 
leaner organisation.  
NPL transaction activity continued the positive trend from the end 
of 2021 into Q1, with an increase in volumes marketed, evaluated, 
and transacted.  
“The first quarter was another good quarter with both secured and 
unsecured delivering above expectations. REO sales were strong 
in the first quarter and have contributed to another quarter with a 
solid cash flow. On the investment side, we have focused on 
maintaining a disciplined approach. As we observe a much-
improved market with increased activity and a larger supply of 
portfolios, we look ahead with optimism.” said Erik Just Johnsen, 
CEO B2Holding ASA 
29.04.2022 
B2Holding: Annual report 
2021 
B2Holding has published its Annual report for 2021 today. The 
Annual report 2021 is attached to this notice and will be made 
available on the company's website, www.b2holding.no. The 
Annual report 2021 is also available in the European Single 
Electronic Format (ESEF). 
10.02.2022 
B2Holding ASA: Fourth 
quarter results 2021 and 
update on co-investment 
discussions 
B2Holding had net revenues of NOK 726 million in the fourth 
quarter, and gross collections including SPVs and joint ventures of 
NOK 1,266 million. Cost to collect was down 2 percentage points 
quarter on quarter to 21 per cent in Q4 2021. Both collections and 
recoveries were above the latest forecast, and REOs sold during 
the quarter were well above book value.  
Cash EBITDA was NOK 862 million and adjusted EBIT was NOK 
297 million.

--- Page 46 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
46
Profit after tax was NOK 120 million, equivalent to earnings per 
share of NOK 0.29, compared to NOK 123 million and NOK 0.30 
per share in the fourth quarter 2020. The Board of Directors 
proposes a cash dividend of NOK 0.42 per share based on the 
financial year of 2021.  
B2Holding invested NOK 552 million in new portfolios in the fourth 
quarter. 88 per cent of the investments were unsecured portfolios, 
of which 23 per cent were forward flow transactions. The ERC was 
NOK 19.9 billion at end of quarter. 
B2Holding has a solid funding base to support future growth with 
NOK 2.2 billion in liquidity reserves at the end of the quarter. Bond 
2 (B2H02) of EUR 175 million was repaid in the fourth quarter and 
after the repayment the Group has three listed senior unsecured 
bond loans for a total of EUR 600 million in addition to the bank 
financing. Out of the outstanding bond loans, a nominal value of 
EUR 27 million is held as treasury bonds, of which EUR 9 million is 
held in Bond 3 maturing in November 2022.  
Cost discipline in all the Group’s markets remained strong, and the 
collection improvements implemented in the previous quarters 
continued to contribute positively to both efficiency and 
effectiveness of the unsecured business.  
The Group is observing a notable increase in the volume of NPLs 
coming to the market and expects more volume in 2022.  
As previously announced, B2Holding ASA has been engaged in 
discussions with reputable institutional investment partners to 
establish 
a 
co-investment 
partnership 
predominantly 
for 
B2Holding’s back book in secured assets. 
CHANGES IN THE RIGHTS ATTACHING TO THE CLASSES OF SHARES OR SECURITIES  
Date disclosed 
Title 
Summary of the information given 
30.06.2022 
B2Holding: Long-Term 
Incentive Program 
In accordance with the Reward Policy and authorisation granted by 
the Annual General Meeting on 24 May 2022, the Board of 
Directors of B2Holding ASA (the "Company") has approved a long-
term incentive program (LTIP) aimed to align the interests of the 
participating employees with those of the Company's shareholders. 
The program is discretionary, and participants are invited on an 
annual basis.    
The total number of share options awarded under LTIP 2022 is 
2,110,000. Each option, when exercised, will give the right to 
acquire one share in the Company. Pursuant to the vesting 
schedule, 1/3 of the options will vest one, two and three years after 
the day of granting. The strike price is equal to 20 days of volume 
weighted average trading prices of the Company's shares on Oslo 
Stock Exchange prior to the grant date (30 June 2022) which is 
equal to 8.048 per share. The options that have not been exercised 
will lapse five (5) years after the date of granting.    
The following Primary Insiders of the Company have been awarded 
options under the LTIP 2022:

--- Page 47 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
47
Chief Executive Officer, Erik Just Johnsen has been granted 
350,000 share options. Following the granting, he and his related 
parties hold 2,240,000 shares and 2,980,000 share options in the 
Company.                   
Chief Financial Officer, André Adolfsen has been granted 300,000 
share options. Following the granting he holds 1,040,000 share 
options in the Company.  
Head of Unsecured Asset Management, Adam Parfiniewicz has 
been granted 300,000 share options. Following the granting, he 
and his related parties hold 6,000 shares and 1,180,000 share 
options in the Company.  
Chief Brand & Sustainability Officer, Maria Haddad has been 
granted 210,000 share options. Following the granting, she holds 
100,000 shares and 940,000 share options in the Company.  
Chief Legal, Compliance Officer & HR, Cecilie Kjelland has been 
granted 290,000 share options. Following the granting, she holds 
900,000 share options in the Company.  
Head of Commercial Strategy and Investor Relations, Rasmus 
Hansson has been granted 200,000 share options. Following the 
granting, he and his related parties hold 80,057 shares and 850,000 
share options in the Company.   
Chief Risk Officer, Jeremi Bobowski has been granted 210,000 
share options. Following the granting, he holds 940,000 share 
options in the Company.  
Chief Investment Officer, Endre Solvin-Witzø has been granted 
250,000 share options. Following the granting, he holds 275,000 
shares and 700,000 share options in the Company

--- Page 48 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
48
12 Documents available  
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, can be inspected at the Issuer's 
website stated in clause 5.2: 
(a) 
the up to date articles of association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
49
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for Bonds 
to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any EEA country. 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s (Verdipapirhandellovens)  
§ 2-2.  
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can take 
place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit 
will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or, 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the current Interest Rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
50
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. The Bond Trustee may amend the definitions in the Bond Terms for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the definitions in this Base Prospectus to be 
incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the definitions in this Base Prospectus at any point in 
time no longer represents the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms 
shall prevail. The Bond Terms are attached to the Final Terms. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the Bond 
Terms. 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base Prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any 
Additional Bonds and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
Bond Terms: 
Means the terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form an integrated part 
of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Bondholder: 
Means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of 
a Bond, subject however to the clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms.
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders 
in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement 
of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or others. 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such 
steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the 
Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents.

--- Page 51 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
51
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Business Day: 
Means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign 
currency transactions in Oslo, and TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Business Day 
Convention: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day (Following Business Day convention). 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). The Interest 
Period is adjusted accordingly. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the 
Outstanding Bonds on any Business Day.  
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Change of Control 
Event: 
If and when any person or a group of persons under the same Decisive Influence obtain Decisive 
Influence over the Issuer. 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Day Count Convention:
The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
(a) If Fixed Rate, the payment of interest shall be calculated on basis of a 360-day year 
comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual 
number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day 
of that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-
day month; or 
(ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the payment of interest shall be calculated on basis of the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
Decisive Influence 
A person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in 
another person (directly or indirectly): 
a) 
a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
b) 
a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that 
other person. 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
52
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets in 
financial instruments (MiFIR). 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final 
Terms as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the quality of the securities that are subject of the Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
In the case of EURIBOR: Second Target 2 business day prior to the start of each Interest Period.
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date 
corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
Issuer: 
B2Holding ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date.

--- Page 53 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
53
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
Joint Venture 
Any joint venture entity, whether a company, unincorporated firm, undertaking, association, 
joint venture or partnership or any other entity jointly owned by two or more persons. 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Bonds are listed on an 
Exchange within six (6) months of the Issue Date and remain listed until the Bonds have been 
redeemed in full. 
In case of a Listing Failure Event and for as long as such Listing Failure Event is continuing, 
the Margin shall be increased with one (1.00) percentage point per annum. 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
Listing Failure Event 
a) 
the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on an Exchange within six (6) months 
following the Issue Date; or 
b) 
in the case of a successful admission to listing, a period of six (6) months has elapsed 
since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange where the other 
Bonds are listed. 
Manager(s): 
The bond issue’s Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Manager may be entered into.  
This will be specified in the Final Terms.
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or 
Put Option. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.

--- Page 54 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
54
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Put Option Event: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 11.3 (Change of control) in the Bond Terms. 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or Put Option.  
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be EURIBOR or NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the 
Final Terms, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
Relevant Screen Page:
For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowned 
provider of Reference Rates. 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Central Securities 
Depository /CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
Subsidiary: 
Means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or more 
occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have 
been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds 
outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate nominal 
amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap issues 
under the Bond Terms. 
TARGET2 
Means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system 
which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007. 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional 
Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the supplement, will 
be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The Bond Terms 
governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and 
the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest period 
can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the Issue 
Date. 
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 55 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
55
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Forening for finansfag in March 2022: 
https://finansfag.no/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Rentekonvensjon_oppdatert2022.pdf
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and conditions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any Bond 
Terms. The Bond Trustee may amend the general terms and conditions in the Bond Terms for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the general terms and conditions in this Base 
Prospectus to be incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the general terms and conditions in 
this Base Prospectus at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the general terms and 
conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. The Bond Terms are attached to the Final 
Terms. 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and 
expenses) from the Bond Issue shall be applied to refinancing and for general corporate purposes. 
The use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on Issuer’s 
website https://www.b2holding.no, or on the Issuer's visit address, Cort Adelers gate 30, 0254 Oslo, Norway, or 
their successor (s). 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period 
Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition of 
"Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of “Market 
Making”. 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 94,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds, Security and Special Conditions 
The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall, subject to Clause 9 (Potential 
security and/or guarantee sharing) in the Bond Terms, rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the

--- Page 56 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
56
Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of 
general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt. 
Subject to any Security or guarantees granted pursuant to Clause 9 (Potential security and/or guarantee sharing) 
in the Bond Terms, the Bonds are unsecured.
The kind of securities and potential security and/or guarantee sharing will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond Terms 
on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for 
in the Bond Terms. 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the 
Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  
The Issuer is subject to Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Public Limited 
Companies Act, the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) before 
listing of the Bonds takes place. 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a Bond 
Issue. 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the 
Margin.

--- Page 57 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
57
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer is rated by S&P and Moody’s, see Appendix 2: 
Agency 
Corporate 
Family 
Ranking
Bond 
Issue 
Ranking*
Outlook 
Last publication 
S&P 
B+ 
B+ 
Stable 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/1242/8953/file/B2Holding%20ASA%20-
%20S&P%20Research%20Update%20-%208%20Dec%202022.pdf
Moody’s 
Ba3 
B1 
Stable 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/1220/8813/file/B2Holding%20-
%20Credit%20Opinion%20-%206%20Oct%202022.pdf
* Please note that only bond B2H05 and B2H06 (NO0012704107) are rated. 
 
Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and is on the list of registered credit rating agencies published on 
ESMA website: http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs

--- Page 58 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
58
. 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 2

--- Page 59 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
59
14 Third party information   
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as  B2Holding ASA is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
Kind of 
information 
Publicly available 
Name of third 
party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest in 
the 
Company 
Overview of the 
European NPL 
Markets (page 26) 
Yes 
https://www.eba.europa.eu/ri
sk-analysis-and-data/risk-
dashboard
Risk Dashboard Q1 22 1) Q1 
21 figures for Norway 
European 
Banking 
Authority 
Tour Europlaza 
20 avenue 
André Prothin, 
92400 
Courbevoie 
France 
The EBA Risk 
Dashboard is 
part of the 
regular risk 
assessment 
conducted by 
the EBA and 
complements 
the Risk 
Assessment 
Report. 
None 
ESG Risk Rating 
(page 30) 
Yes 
https://www.sustainalytics
.com/esg-
rating/b2holding-
asa/1030878791
Morningstar, 
Sustainalytics 
De Entrée 35-
37, 1101 BH 
Amsterdam 
Website, ESG 
Rating 
None

--- Page 60 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
60
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Prospectus
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2021, available at: 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/
1117/8161/file/B2Holding%20Annual%20re
port%202021.pdf 
Group’s accounting policies note 2, pages 91-97 
B2Holding ASA’s accounting policies, note 1, 
pages 142-143 
Annual Report 2021, available at: 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/
1117/8161/file/B2Holding%20Annual%20re
port%202021.pdf 
B2Holding ASA Consolidated 
Income statement page 85 
Statement of comprehensive income page 86 
Statement of financial position page 87 
Statement of cash flow page 89 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 91-138 
B2Holding ASA Parent
Statement of income page 139 
Balance sheet page 140 
Statement of cash flow page page 141 
Notes to the financial statements pages 142-152 
Q4 Report 2022, available at: 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/
1265/9094/version/2/file/B2Holding%20Q4
%202022%20results%2015.02.2023.pdf 
B2Holding ASA Consolidated 
Income statement page 9 
Statement of comprehensive income page 9 
Statement of financial position page 10 
Statement of cash flow page page 11 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 12-20
Q3 Report 2022, available at: 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/
1236/8913/version/1/file/B2Holding%20Q3
%202022%20report%2010.11.2022.pdf 
B2Holding ASA Consolidated 
Income statement page 9 
Statement of comprehensive income page 9 
Statement of financial position page 10 
Statement of cash flow page page 11 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 12-20
Q2 Report 2022, available at: 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/
1197/8666/version/1/file/B2Holding%20ASA
%20Q2%202022%20report%2023.08.2022.
pdf 
B2Holding ASA Consolidated 
Income statement page 9 
Statement of comprehensive income page 9 
Statement of financial position page 10 
Statement of cash flow page page 11 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 12-20
10.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2021, available at: 
https://www.b2holding.no/content/download/
1117/8161/file/B2Holding%20Annual%20re
port%202021.pdf 
Auditors report pages 154-158 
References to the above mentioned documents are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 61 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
61
Joint Global Coordinators’ and Joint Lead Managers’ 
disclaimer 
DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Nordea Bank Apb, filial i Norge and Pareto Securities AS as Joint Global 
Coordinators and Arctic Securities AS, DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Nordea Bank Apb, filial i Norge and Pareto 
Securities AS as Joint Lead Managers have assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Joint 
Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead Managers have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and the Joint Global Coordinators and 
the Joint Lead Managers expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or 
distribution of bonds by B2Holding ASA.  
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead 
Managers, available at their respective websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of 
information between different parts of the Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead Managers may prevent 
employees of the Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base Prospectus 
from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Lead Managers 
and/or any of its affiliated companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Global 
Coordinators and the Joint Lead Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation 
of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
Oslo, 27 February 2023 
Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Lead Managers: 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
    Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
(www.nordea.no) 
Pareto Securities AS 
www.paretosec.com
Joint Lead Manager: 
Arctic Securities AS 
(www.arctic.com)

--- Page 62 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
62
Annex 1 Articles of Association for B2Holding ASA

--- Page 63 ---
B2Holding ASA, 27 February 2023 
Base Prospectus 
63
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 64 ---
[Appendix 2]
Base prospectus 
Final Terms 
for
[ISIN] 
[Title of the bond issue]
[Place], [Date]

--- Page 65 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently

--- Page 66 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
3  
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 February 2023 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
The Base Prospectus dated 27 February 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the 
“Base Prospectus”). 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.b2holding.no or on the Issuer's visit address, Cort Adelers gate 30, 0254 Oslo, 
Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 67 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7of in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
B2Holding ASA, Cort Adelers gate 30, 0254 Oslo, Norway. 
Telephone number is +47 22 83 39 50.  
Registration number 992 249 986 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 5967007LIEEXZXFHOO08. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 27 February 2023. 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
Who is the issuer of the securities 
B2Holding ASA 
Domicile and legal form 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and primarily organized under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. LEI-code ((legal 
entity identifier): 5967007LIEEXZXFHOO08. 
Principal activities 
B2Holding is a pan-European debt investor and servicer. Our 
vision is to become the leading trusted partner that actively re-
shapes the credit management industry.  
Through our business solutions we contribute to handling 
society’s debt problems, bridging the gap that defaulted debt 
represents in the credit chain. Our business is about people and 
creating shared value for business and society. Being a socially 
responsible creditor and a trusted solution provider for our 
partners are fundamental in our way of doing business. 
BUSINESS LINES 
The Group’s main business lines are Unsecured and Secured 
Asset Management. The markets are allocated according to their 
dominant ERC asset class and expected market potential.  
Unsecured markets: 
Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Poland, Spain, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary.

--- Page 68 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
5  
Secured markets: 
Italy, France, Romania, Greece, Cyprus, Slovenia, Croatia, 
Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro. 
Offices: 
 
Norway, Head office in Oslo 
 
Luxembourg, Investment office and portfolio owner. 
Major shareholders 
The 20 largest shareholders as of 15 February 2023:
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a  
change in control of the Company. 
Management 
Name  
Position  
Erik Just Johnsen 
Chief Executive Officer  
André Adolfsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Cecilie Kjelland 
Chief Legal, Compliance & HR Officer 
Rasmus Hansson 
Head of Commercial Strategy and Investor Relations
Endre Solvin-Witzø 
Chief Investment Officer 
Jeremi Bobowski 
Chief Risk Officer 
Adam Parfiniewicz 
Head of Unsecured Asset Management 
George Christoforou 
Head of Secured Asset Management 
Maria Haddad 
Chief Brand & Sustainability Officer 
Statutory auditors 
Ernst & Young AS 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer
Key financial information

--- Page 69 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
6  
B2Holding ASA Consolidated 
Amounts in NOK million 
YTD Q4 Report 
2022 
Unaudited
YTD Q3 Report 
2022  
Unaudited
YTD Q2 Report 
2022 
Unaudited
Annual Report 
2021 
Audited
Operating profit (net income) 
1 029 
725 
388 
1 308 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short-term debt minus cash) 
9 042 
8 971 
9 037 
9 067 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
3 142 
2 386 
1 590 
3 505 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
-392 
-81 
-455 
-2 385 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-1 900 
-1 195 
-780 
-1 155 
B2Holding ASA 
Amounts in NOK million 
Annual Report 2021 
Audited
Operating profit (net income) 
-135 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short-term debt minus cash) 
5 725 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
342 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
-1 210 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
863 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2021. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer
Most material key risk factors  
We may not be able to collect the expected amounts on our portfolios. 
Amounts recovered on our credit portfolios may be less than expected and may even be less than the total 
amount paid for such portfolios for various reasons, including inaccurate diligence, a mistake in our pricing model, 
and legislation changes impacting our ability to collect.  
We are exposed to risk relating to assumption of ownership of collateral provided under our secured debt 
portfolios. 
There can be no assurance that we will be able to divest such collateral in a manner and price that will result in 
collection of the underlying debt.  
Improper disclosure of our clients’ sensitive data, customer data or a breach of data protection laws could 
negatively affect our business or reputation. 
         Failure to comply with data protection and privacy obligations may result in financial penalties, regulatory 
oversight, significant brand and reputational damage, legal action (class action or breach of contract) and 
shareholder divestment.  
The statistical models and analytical tools we use may prove to be inaccurate. 
We have developed and use models to project the remaining cash flow generation from our credit portfolios and 
assess alternative strategies for improving the collectability of the credit portfolios, but there can be no assurance 
that we will be able to achieve the recoveries forecasted by the models.  
We are exposed to significant reputational risk and are subject to voluntary codes of conduct. 
Negative attention and news regarding the debt purchase and collection industry and individual debt 
purchasers or collectors, including us, may have a negative impact on a debtor’s willingness to pay a debt owed to 
us and may diminish our attractiveness as a counterparty for debt sellers and other third parties. These actions 
could impact the ability to collect on the credit portfolios that we purchase.

--- Page 70 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
7  
Our decentralized organization exposes us to compliance risks and lack of quality control at the Group 
level. 
Although we have established risk management and internal control measures to ensure compliance and 
quality control throughout our organization, our decentralized organization and dependence on local operations to 
implement our control measures and mitigate risks exposes us to increased risks relating to non-compliance and 
quality control. 
Our operations are highly dependent upon access to, and the functioning and integrity of, our core IT 
applications, systems and infrastructure.
Any material disruption to, or failure of, our systems, the systems of our third party providers or the systems of 
the banking and other sectors that are integral to our business, especially if it also impacts our backup or disaster 
recovery systems, would disrupt our operations materially and adversely affect our business.  
We may not be able to procure sufficient funding to purchase further debt portfolios as they become 
available on acceptable terms or at all.
Our ability to obtain funding in the future will depend on our performance and our prospects, as well as factors 
over which we do not exercise control such factors may include weak economic and capital market conditions. 
Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect our business and prevent us 
from fulfilling our obligations with respect to the Bonds. 
We have a significant amount of outstanding debt with substantial debt service requirements and our significant 
leverage could have important consequences for our business and operations and for holders of the Bonds. 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
What are the main features of the securities
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code.
[●]
Currency for the bond issue
[●]
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities.
[●]
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders
[●]
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities 
Most material key risks 
The Company is a holding company and is dependent upon cash flow from its subsidiaries to meet its 
obligations, in general and under the Bonds. 
The inability of the Company’s subsidiaries to transfer cash to the Company may mean that, even though the 
Company may have sufficient resources on a consolidated basis to meet its obligations under its debt agreements, 
it may not be able to meet such obligations.  
Your right to receive payments under the Bonds will be effectively subordinated to claims of our existing 
and future secured creditors.

--- Page 71 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
8  
The Bonds will not be secured by any of our assets and as a result, the indebtedness represented by the Bonds will 
be effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness we may incur. 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to trading, 
please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus.  
[/ Other: (specify)] 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Why is the prospectus being produced
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 72 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
9  
2 Detailed information about the security 
Generally:
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
The Loan/The Bonds/The Notes: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
Borrower/Issuer: 
B2Holding ASA, Norwegian enterprise no. 992 249 986 and  
LEI-code 5967007LIEEXZXFHOO08. 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
Security Type: 
[Secured/unsecured] [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]
Outstanding Bonds: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●]]
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
Publication: 
As specified in the Basic Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
[Issue price] % 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
[Issue date] 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
[Maturity Date] 
Interest Rate:
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
[Maturity Date 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
Floating rate: [NIBOR / EURIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
[description of Reference Rate] 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
Specified time: [specified time] 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 73 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
10  
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin]  
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] % p.a. 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a 
/ Other: (specify)]  
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate)
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
The Yield is [yield]  
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Amortisation and Redemption:
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
Redemption Price is [redemption price] %

--- Page 74 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
11  
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
[terms of the call option] 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
[terms of the put option] 
Obligations:
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Listing:
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
[Other: (specify)] 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
Listing fees: [specify] 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with

--- Page 75 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
12  
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any 
other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken 
or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party.
/ Other: (specify)] 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
/ Other: (specify)] 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.b2holding.no
Manager(s): 
[name and contact details of Manager] 
[LEI for Manager]
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
The Bond Trustee is [name of the Bond Trustee] 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Other: (specify)]  
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 94,000. 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 76 ---
B2Holding ASA 
Final Terms - [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
13  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of manager[s]] as [type of manager] for the issuance of the Loan. The [type of 
manager] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
The [type of manager] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
/ Other: (specify)] 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
The Loan is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
/ Other: (specify)]  
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
Statement from the [type of manager]: 
[name of manager[s]] [has/have] assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The [type of manager] 
[has/have] not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the [type of manager] expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on the [type of manager] nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
[place], [date] 
[name of manager[s]] 
[web address of manager[s]]