--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden) 
BALDER FINLAND OYJ 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Finland) 
 
Guaranteed by  
(in respect of Notes issued by Balder Finland Oyj only) 
FASTIGHETS AB BALDER 
EUR 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
Under this EUR 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Fastighets AB Balder 
and Balder Finland Oyj (Balder Finland) (the Issuers and each an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes 
(Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined 
below). Notes under the Programme may be issued by either Issuer. Notes issued by Balder Finland will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Fastighets AB Balder (in its capacity as guarantor only, the 
Guarantor). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed EUR 6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent 
authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the EU Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuers nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (as amended, EU MiFID II) and/or 
which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for 
the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market.  The regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II.  
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer.  
Fastighets AB Balder has been rated BBB (negative outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). 
S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies 
(the EU CRA Regulation).  As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the 
United Kingdom (the UK) and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation). The rating S&P has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 
(the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may 
affect the ability of the Issuers and the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes are discussed 
under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Notes 
and the guarantee thereof may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
NatWest Markets 
Nordea 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
SEB 
Swedbank 
 
4 July 2023

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuers and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms and declare that, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.   
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the Conditions) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the Final Terms) or as supplemented in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the Drawdown 
Prospectus) as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in 
all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions 
or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of 
the relevant Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor confirms that any information from third party sources has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such 
third party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuers or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, 
if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, 
create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial 
or trading position of the Issuers and the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of 
any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar 
labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds, nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure 
that there are at any time sufficient Green Projects (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) to allow for 
allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full.  
In addition none of the Dealers have conducted any due diligence in relation to the Issuer's green financing 
framework dated 29 June 2023 (the Green Financing Framework). Cicero Shades of Green has issued an 
independent opinion, dated 13 June 2023, on the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework (the Second Party 
Opinion). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations 
and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including 
without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second 
Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any 
third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes 
and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the 
Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party 
Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein. The Issuer's Green Financing Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) 
may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Financing Framework, the 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by 
reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales 
and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
In particular, the Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities 
Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Bearer 
Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of  EU MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE  / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 
The relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the SFA).  The 
relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 6,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement)).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a Member State are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to the UK are references to the United Kingdom, references to EUR, € or euro 
are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended, references to GBP or pounds sterling are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United 
Kingdom and Northern Ireland, references to SEK or Swedish krona are to the lawful currency of the 
Kingdom of Sweden, references to NOK and Norwegian kroner are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom 
of Norway, references to DKK or Danish kroner are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Denmark and 
references to U.S.$, USD and U.S. dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States.  References to 
billions are to thousands of millions. 
References to Balder and the Group are to Fastighets AB Balder and its consolidated subsidiaries, including 
Balder Finland. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Fastighets AB Balder as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2021 have been prepared according to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) no 1606/2002. 
The audited financial statements of Balder Finland as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 
have been prepared according to IFRS in accordance with Regulation (EC) no 1606/2002. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the information incorporated 
by reference are not recognised financial measures under IFRS (Alternative Performance Measures or 
APMs) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the 
accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Issuers present APMs 
because they believe that these and similar measures are used by certain investors, securities analysts and other 
interest parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The APMs may differ from company 
to company and therefore may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. The

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
APMs may also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute 
for analysis of the Issuers' operating results as reported under IFRS. 
For definitions and further explanations of Alternative Performance Measures, please refer to the "Glossary of 
Terms" section of the Base Prospectus. 
Forward Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 'forward looking statements'. These 
forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including the terms 
'believes', 'estimates', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'may', 'will', or 'should' or, in each case, their negative or 
other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future 
events or intentions. These forward looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They 
appear in a number of places throughout this document and include, but are not limited to, the following: 
statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Issuers or the Guarantor concerning, 
amongst other things, the results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies of 
the Issuers or Guarantor and the industries in which the Issuers or Guarantor operate. 
By their nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results 
of the Issuers' and Guarantor's operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the 
industries in which the Issuers and Guarantor operate may differ materially from those described in, or 
suggested by, the forward looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industries in which the Issuers and 
Guarantor operate, are consistent with the forward looking statements contained in this document, those results 
or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
These and other factors are discussed in more detail under "Risk Factors" and "Description of Fastighets AB 
Balder". Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Issuers and the Guarantor. Should one or more of 
these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may 
vary materially from those described in this document as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Except 
to the extent required by laws and regulations, the Issuers and the Guarantor do not intend, and do not assume 
any obligation, to update any forward looking statements set out in this Base Prospectus. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by 
a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Important Notices ............................................................................................................................................... 4 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 12 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 17 
Information Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................... 34 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses ........................................................................................................ 38 
Forms of the Notes ........................................................................................................................................... 39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 43 
Form of Final Terms of the Notes .................................................................................................................... 87 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form ............................................................. 100 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 102 
Description of Fastighets AB Balder .............................................................................................................. 104 
Description of Balder Finland Oyj ................................................................................................................. 107 
Selected Financial Information and Key Financial Ratios of the Group ........................................................ 109 
Business Model and Strategy ......................................................................................................................... 110 
Group Property Portfolio ................................................................................................................................ 116 
Financial and Capital Structure ...................................................................................................................... 124 
Share Structure and Shareholders ................................................................................................................... 127 
Board of Directors, Senior Management and Corporate Governance ............................................................ 129 
Glossary of Terms .......................................................................................................................................... 135 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 138 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 142 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 148

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms.  This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and 
any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole and, 
in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms.  Words 
and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview unless 
otherwise defined herein. 
 
Issuers: 
Fastighets AB Balder  
Balder Finland Oyj 
Guarantor: 
Fastighets AB Balder, in respect of Notes issued by Balder Finland Oyj only 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI)s: 
Fastighets AB Balder: 549300GHKJCEZOAEUU82 
Balder Finland Oyj: 5493007P4MCJM21IB748 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.  The Issuers may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (the Arranger) 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ)  
(together with the Arranger and any other Dealers appointed in accordance 
with the Dealer Agreement,, the Dealers) 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (the Principal Paying Agent) 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the Registrar) 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euros or in any other currency or currencies, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each Series will all be

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of different Tranches.  The 
Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements), save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or the equivalent 
in any other currency). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are direct, general, unsecured (subject to Condition 5.1 (Covenants 
– Negative Pledge)), unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of the 
relevant Issuer. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The guarantee is a direct, general, unconditional and unsecured (subject to 
Condition 5.1 (Covenants – Negative Pledge)) obligation of the Guarantor. 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown 
Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes will be the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The price and amount of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of calculating interest 
may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant series. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable 
for Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes.  No single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note (the Temporary Global Note) or a permanent global note (the 
Permanent Global Note), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(each a Global Note).  Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in 
new global note form (NGN), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. 
 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms.  Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by a Global Registered 
Note which may be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note which is not intended to be held under the new safekeeping 
structure (New Safekeeping Structure or NSS), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary.  Each Global 
Registered Note intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be registered in the name of a 
common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default clause.  See Condition 13(e) 
(Events of Default – Cross-default).  
Covenants: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge, financial covenants and 
certain other covenants.  See Condition 5 (Covenants). 
Redemption: 
The Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption by 
Noteholders: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders.  
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, following the occurrence of a Change of Control Put Event, the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Noteholders will be entitled to request the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the 
relevant Issuer's option, procure the purchase of, all or part of their Notes. 
See Conditions 9.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) and Condition 9.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Change of 
Control Put Option). 
Issuer Call: 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will have the option 
to redeem all or some only of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes 
at the Make Whole Redemption Price (as defined in the Conditions) or at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) (as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms).  See Condition 9.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the relevant Issuer). 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may redeem on the 
date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in 
that Series at their Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date set 
for redemption. See Condition 9.7 (Redemption and Purchase - Clean-up Call 
Option) 
Tax Redemption: 
The relevant Issuer may at its option redeem the Notes, in whole, but not in 
part, at their principal amount plus accrued interest in the event of certain 
changes affecting taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden or the Republic of 
Finland, as applicable. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Swedish or Finnish withholding taxes unless 
required by law.  If such withholdings are required by Swedish law or Finnish 
law the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) will in certain 
circumstances pay certain additional amounts as described in, and subject to 
exceptions set out in, Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg and together with Euroclear, the ICSDs) and/or, 
in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The 
principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Dealer Agreement 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
will be governed by English law.  
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) assigned to the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
or to Notes already issued.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Issuer cannot assure

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
investors that any such ratings will not change in the future.  A rating reflects 
only the views of the relevant rating agency and is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of America, 
the EEA, the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Singapore, Japan and Belgium, 
see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuers and the Guarantor and the industry in which they operate, together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below.  Words and 
expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may become 
insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of 
factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer, or as the case may be, the Guarantor becoming 
unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors 
are most likely to occur, as the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor have 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and 
ability to make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS' AND, AS THE CASE MAY BE, THE 
GUARANTOR'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
RISKS RELATING TO MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
The ongoing uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets and the state of the global economic recovery 
may adversely affect Balder's operations 
The property industry, and therefore Balder, is affected to a large extent by macroeconomic factors such as 
general economic trends, growth, employment, the rate of production of new housing and commercial 
premises, changes in infrastructure, population growth, inflation and interest rate levels. Global 
macroeconomic conditions may also be adversely affected, for example, by political tensions, acts of war 
and/or expansion of sanctions, in particular as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Although 
the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing war in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict (including 
the imposition of sanctions by the US, EU, UK and other nations as well as Russian counter-sanctions) could 
lead to significant market disruption, including significant volatility in commodity and energy prices, 
international credit and capital markets and asset prices, supply chain interruption and deteriorating financing 
conditions. The prolongation of geopolitical tensions, sanctions and political uncertainty could negatively 
impact economic growth, business operations and real estate markets.  
Economies across Europe and globally are currently experiencing significant inflationary pressures. This has 
been exacerbated by the additional sanctions put in place as a response to the ongoing war in Ukraine, which 
has further increased energy, commodity and fuel prices. Such inflationary pressures are expected to continue 
in the medium term and may increase. In response to rising inflation, interest rates have increased over the last 
year and it is expected that interest rates may continue to increase. Interest expenses represent Balder’s single 
largest cost item and a significant increase in interest rates would increase the cost of funding of Balder. High 
levels of inflation and increases in interest rates in the markets in which Balder operates could negatively 
impact consumer confidence as well as tenants’ disposable income and may also negatively impact economic

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
growth. Growth in the economy affects the employment level, which is an important factor affecting the 
demand for properties and the ability of tenants to pay rent. Changes to interest rates and inflation may also 
adversely affect the market’s yield requirements and the market value of Balder’s properties. 
The impact of any of these conditions could be detrimental to Balder and could adversely affect its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects; its solvency and the solvency of its counterparties 
and customers; the value and liquidity of its assets and liabilities; the value and liquidity of the Notes and/or 
the ability of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Notes 
and under its debt obligations more generally. 
Negative economic developments and conditions in Scandinavia may affect Balder's operations and 
customers, as well as the prices of Balder's real property and tenant-owned apartments 
The Swedish, Danish, Norwegian and Finnish economies have been adversely affected by the uncertain global 
economic and financial market conditions.  An economic slowdown or a recession, regardless of its depth, or 
any other negative economic developments in these principal countries of operation and involvement may 
affect Balder's business in a number of ways, including, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, 
business and/or financial condition of Balder, its customers and other business partners.  Balder may not be 
able to utilise the opportunities created by economic fluctuations, the value of the real property owned by 
Balder may decrease, and Balder may not be able to adapt to a long-term economic recession or stagnation.  
Negative economic development may also adversely affect the sales prices of Balder's tenant-owned 
apartments.  Further, although historically, economic slowdowns and recessions have increased the demand 
for rental apartments in these countries, there can be no assurance that Balder will not experience declines in 
the demand for rental apartments during periods of economic slowdown or recession.  Balder may also 
experience increased defaults on rent payments as a result of negative economic developments in Sweden, 
Denmark, Norway and Finland.  Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect 
on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  
Risks Relating to Balder's Business Operations 
Property valuation is subjective and uncertain to a certain extent 
Balder's properties are internally revalued each calendar quarter however the appropriateness of sources of 
information used and the credibility of such valuations are, to a certain extent, subjective and, thus, subject to 
uncertainty.  Two different valuation methods are used primarily in the internal valuations. These are the yield 
method and the acquisition cost method. Properties in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Germany and the 
United Kingdom are valued using the yield method. In Finland, the acquisition cost method is used in addition 
to the yield method. Rental prices in the property portfolio are expected to follow inflation over time.  
Commercial leases include indexation, which means that rent increases at the same rate as the Consumer Price 
Index (the CPI) during the leasing period.  In its valuations, Balder has assumed that the rent develops in line 
with inflation.  
Assumptions have also been made regarding future operating and maintenance payments.  These assumptions 
are based on historic outcomes and future projections as well as estimated standardised costs.  Operating and 
maintenance costs are adjusted upwards each year by inflation.  Yield requirements and the cost of capital used 
in the valuation model have been derived from comparable transactions in the property market.  Important 
factors in choosing a yield requirement are location, rental rate, vacancy rate and the condition of the property.  
Housing valuations are based on historical Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, German, British and Finnish housing 
purchase price data and certain assumptions at a specified date.  In the event of significant and rapid market 
changes, such historical data may not accurately reflect the current market value of Balder's properties.  
Furthermore, the assumptions may prove to be inaccurate, and adverse market changes since the date when 
such assumptions were made may cause significant declines in the value of Balder's properties.  In addition, 
the use of different assumptions or valuation models would likely produce different valuation results.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
As a result of the factors above, there can be no assurance that such valuations accurately reflect the current 
market value of Balder's properties and property-related assets as at the date of valuation or any other date.  
Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, or materialisation of any of the above 
risks, could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects.  
Decreases in the occupancy rate and increases in the tenant turnover may weaken Balder's results 
Balder's occupancy rate and tenant turnover depend on general economic factors and the level of new-build 
construction activity.  The occupancy rate of Balder's properties has a significant impact on Balder's business.  
Balder aims to secure a high occupancy rate by, among other things, actively developing its property portfolio 
to meet the demand for residential and commercial premises.  If the vacancy rate increases, Balder will lose 
rental income while having to cover the maintenance costs.  
Tenant turnover is an integral part of the housing investment business, and results in costs to Balder, for 
example, related to the signing of rental agreements and minor renovations typically made in connection with 
a tenant moving out of the apartment.  In recent years, Balder has tried to reduce tenant turnover in Sweden, 
Denmark, and Finland through, for example, repairs enhancing the attractiveness of the apartments that it 
owns.  
The risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of rental income increases in line with the number of large 
individual tenants a property company has. Balder's ten largest leases represent 3.5 per cent. of total rental 
income and the average lease term amounts to 10.1 years.  However, there are no guarantees that Balder's 
major tenants will renew or extend their leases when they expire, which in the longer term can lead to altered 
rental income and vacancies. If Balder fails to maintain the occupancy rate at a satisfactory level or the tenant 
turnover of its apartments increases significantly, this could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  
Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs may result in a decreased profit margin or increased rents 
and thus decreased demand for properties 
Balder continuously carries out refurbishment and maintenance repairs in its properties, which mainly result 
from their condition and regulatory requirements for energy efficiency.  The costs related to the refurbishment 
and maintenance of properties are significant and relate mainly to plumbing, external walls and roofs, window 
and balcony renovations.  Residential buildings must typically have their plumbing refurbished within certain 
time intervals, which usually covers renewal of both water and sewage pipes.  External walls, roofs and 
balconies must also be renovated periodically. 
Balder expects increasing refurbishment and maintenance repair costs, for example, from increasing legal 
requirements for energy efficiency, or due to inflation, increased energy costs or supply constraints which may 
drive up prices and costs, and there can therefore be no assurance that the amount spent on refurbishment and 
maintenance repair by Balder could not significantly increase from the level currently expected by Balder.  
If such risk materialises, the profit margin of Balder's properties may decrease or Balder may be required to 
increase rents, which may, in turn, result in a decreased demand for Balder's properties.  As a result, Balder 
may not be able to fully pass on the costs of refurbishment and maintenance to its customers and Balder's 
investments in refurbishment and maintenance may not generate the expected return.  Any of these risks could 
have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Variations in supply and demand on the housing market and the market for commercial premises may affect 
the value of properties and rental levels 
Balder's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging market-related 
rents, as well as customers' ability to pay.  The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely determined by 
general and regional economic trends.  The risk of large fluctuations in vacancies and loss of rental income 
increases when there are more large individual customers in the property portfolio.  
The housing market is sensitive to fluctuations in supply and demand.  Housing prices in Scandinavia have 
historically followed macroeconomic development in a cyclical manner, while the demand for rental 
apartments has historically been countercyclical.  The value of properties and rental levels are affected by a 
number of factors, including events related to domestic and international politics, interest rates, economic 
growth, the availability of credit and taxation.  Changes in supply and demand on the property market of 
specific areas in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Germany, the United Kingdom and Finland, resulting from new 
construction, investor supply and demand and other factors, may also materially affect the values of properties 
regardless of the overall development in the Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, German, British and Finnish 
housing markets.  
In addition, an oversupply of rental apartments or commercial premises could lead to rent decreases, which 
could have an adverse effect on Balder's rental income.  A decrease in the prices of apartments and commercial 
properties is likely to have a direct impact on the fair value of Balder's property portfolio.  The required return 
may increase in the future, which could lead to a reduction in the value of Balder's property portfolio.  
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Decrease in fair value of Balder's properties may result in revaluation losses 
Any change in the fair value of Balder's properties is recorded in the income statement for the period during 
which the revaluation of Balder's properties occurs.  Fair value of investment properties represents the price in 
the local primary market, taking into account the condition and location of the property.  Decreases in the fair 
value of Balder's properties could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and future prospects.  In addition, decreases in the fair value of Balder's properties would 
have negative effects on Balder's performance indicators, particularly the net asset value, which could have a 
negative influence on the rating of the Issuer and the Issuer's solvency covenant levels. 
Balder's property development and sales of tenant-owned apartments may give rise to liabilities that can 
have significant effects 
Balder's property development and sales of tenant-owned apartments may expose it to potential liabilities based 
on defects in the buildings, materials, design or the quality of the work.  Standard form contracts that are used 
by construction designers limit the designer's liability to the value of the properties constructed, so Balder is 
liable for defects that exceed this amount.  As a rule, standard terms are used also in the building agreements 
with construction companies, so Balder is liable to homebuyers for the defects caused by the construction 
companies if the construction companies are incapable of meeting their obligations, for example, due to 
insolvency.  Materialisation of Balder's liabilities for construction defects, based on its own actions or based 
on the actions of the external designers or construction companies, could have a material adverse effect on 
Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Balder could fail in the management of its reputation and brand 
Balder's success is partially dependent on Balder's reputation and on the value of the Balder brand.  Balder's 
brand holds a great significance for both its business operations and implementation of its strategies.  The 
integrity of the Balder brand is important in all parts of the business (both for residential and commercial

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
properties) and to Balder's business partners, such as municipalities, construction companies and lenders.  In 
addition, corporate social and environmental responsibility is part of Balder's customary long-term activities.  
Negative publicity or negative customer experience could have an adverse effect on Balder's brand and its 
development.  Should the Balder brand lose value, regaining any lost brand value might prove impossible or 
require incurrence of significant costs.  This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Fastighets AB Balder is a holding company; it is reliant on dividend upstreaming 
Fastighets AB Balder is a holding company.  As is common with property groups, its material assets are its 
shareholdings in its subsidiaries and its associated companies.  Fastighets AB Balder will use some of the 
proceeds of the sale of any Notes to repay certain of its own debts and may on-lend proceeds under 
intercompany loans to its subsidiaries for them to repay or refinance certain of their indebtedness.  Other than 
the receivables under intercompany loans and any other intra-group loans made in connection with other 
financing transactions, Fastighets AB Balder depends on distribution of dividends and other payments from 
its subsidiaries.  In meeting its payment obligations under the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Guarantee), 
Fastighets AB Balder is dependent on the profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries, whose ability to make 
dividend distributions may be subject to restrictions as a result of factors such as low profitability, restrictive 
covenants contained in loan agreements, foreign exchange limitations, regulatory, fiscal or other restrictions. 
If Balder for any reason does not receive the anticipated dividends from its subsidiaries this may impact its 
liquidity and its ability to meet its obligations under any Notes.  
Balder Finland is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider the financial condition 
and liquidity of Fastighets AB Balder and the Group in addition to that of Balder Finland  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Balder Finland is a company within the Group without significant 
business activities or holdings and accordingly, Balder Finland’s ability to pay interest and repay principal in 
respect of its borrowings, including the Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity 
of Fastighets AB Balder and the Group. Notes issued by Balder Finland will be guaranteed by Fastighets AB 
Balder. The Group further intends to provide Balder Finland with liquidity by way of intra-group arrangements 
or other transfers of value in order for Balder Finland to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it. 
However, if the Group does not provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, conditions, laws or regulations 
is prevented from providing liquidity to Balder Finland, there is a risk that Balder Finland will not fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. Therefore, investors in the Notes issued by Balder Finland should consider the 
risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of Fastighets AB Balder and the Group in addition to that of 
Balder Finland. 
Loss of key personnel or failure in recruiting new key personnel may undermine the Group's operations 
As at 31 December 2022, Balder employed 1,161 people.  Balder's financial performance is dependent on the 
contribution of its key personnel.  Key personnel include Balder's senior management and a number of other 
employees in key positions.  Balder's success is, to a large extent, dependent on its ability to recruit, motivate 
and retain highly skilled staff at every level of its organisation. Balder views the recruitment of new employees 
as key to both its development and the strengthening of the organisation and works continuously to create the 
conditions for both retaining existing colleagues and recruiting new employees to contribute to the Group’s 
continued growth and development, however Balder may fail to retain key personnel and/or to recruit skilled 
staff that are needed to deliver the business objectives of the Group.  Any loss of senior management or other 
employees with special expertise could cause significant business disruption and/or have a material adverse 
effect on Balder's ability to deliver its strategy and therefore on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects which in turn may adversely affect the value of the Noteholders’ investment.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Erik Selin 
The principal shareholder of Fastighets AB Balder is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which owns 34.1 per cent. of 
the capital and 47.8 per cent. of votes.  Erik Selin is the founder and CEO of Balder and controls 100 per cent. 
of Erik Selin Fastigheter AB. Erik Selin Fastigheter AB may therefore be able to prevent or delay a change of 
control or take other actions that may be contrary to the interests of Balder's other shareholders.  Further, the 
personal connections and business relationships of Erik Selin are important to the conduct of Balder's business.  
While Balder has an employment contract with Erik Selin, no assurance can be given that he will continue to 
make his services available to Balder indefinitely.  Balder does not maintain any 'key-man' insurance on Erik 
Selin. 
Changes in legislation may adversely affect the value of Balder's properties or results, increase its expenses 
and/or slow or halt the development of its investments 
Balder must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and provisions, including urban planning 
regulations, construction and operating permits, health, safety, environmental, competition and labour laws, 
laws relating to rent levels and the rights of tenants as well as corporate, accounting and tax laws in each of 
the jurisdictions in which it operates.  Changes in such laws, regulations and provisions or their interpretations 
could require Balder to adapt its business operations, assets or strategy, potentially leading to a negative impact 
on the value of its properties or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or slowing or even halting of the 
development of certain investments.  In particular, requirements for energy efficiency have become more 
stringent in recent years, which results, among other things, in increased construction prices.  
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Balder is subject to future possible change in tax laws and regulations 
Balder's operations are affected by the applicable corporation tax, value added tax and property tax rules in 
force from time to time in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Germany and the United Kingdom.  This is 
also the case as regards other governmental and municipal charges and contributions.  Notwithstanding that 
Balder's operations are conducted in accordance with Balder's interpretation of applicable laws and rules in 
respect of taxes, there is a risk that its interpretation is incorrect or that applicable tax laws and rules may be 
amended with possible retroactive effect resulting in additional unforeseen tax liabilities.  In addition, future 
changes to applicable tax laws and rules may affect Balder's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could have a material adverse effect on Balder 
Balder may become involved in, or a subject of, legal or regulatory proceedings or claims relating to its 
operations.  It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of legal, regulatory and other adversarial 
proceedings or claims, and there can be no assurance as to the outcome of such proceedings or claims, whether 
existing or arising in the future.  In the normal course of its business operations, Balder could be involved in 
legal proceedings relating, for example, to alleged breaches of contract by Balder and employers' liabilities 
and be subject to tax and administrative audits.  Any unfavourable judgment against Balder in relation to any 
legal or regulatory proceedings or claims, or the settlement thereof, could have a material adverse effect on its 
brand, business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  
Apartment renting and construction are highly competitive businesses 
Renting apartments and constructing tenant-owned apartments is a highly competitive business in Sweden, 
Denmark, and Finland.  Balder's main competitors in the rental apartments business are private households, 
municipalities, parishes, foundations and corporate investors.  In the construction of tenant-owned apartments, 
Balder's main competitors are construction firms and other property development companies.  The higher costs 
of capital combined with inflation decreases the profitability of construction projects and delays the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
commencement of new projects.  There can be no assurance that Balder can meet the intensifying competition 
in the apartment-renting and the tenant-owned apartment markets.  Increasing competition could have a 
material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Balder's operations may contaminate the environment 
Balder must comply with all local regulations in relation to the environment and health and safety in respect 
of its properties.  Balder has established a sustainability policy and works actively to address environmental 
issues. Environmental impacts caused by Balder's operations are for example related to energy consumption, 
material use and hazardous substances used in the construction of properties such as PCB, asbestos and radon. 
Balder works continuously to minimise the environmental impact of its operations, for example through 
optimisation to minimize energy consumption, reduced climate impact and inventories regarding hazardous 
substances.  
As the owner of the properties and land, Balder can be held liable for deterioration, damage, encumbrance or 
other hazardous causes originating from the operation of the properties.  Any such event or material decrease 
in the value of the properties not known or not recognisable at the time of the purchase or occurring at a later 
date, could have a material adverse effect on Balder.   
In recent years, there has been an increased focus on climate risk analysis in Balder’s business, including the 
launch of climate risk analysis on Balder’s property portfolio. This includes screening of relevant climate risks 
based on future climate scenarios, vulnerability analysis and action plans. Examples of climate risks that can 
affect buildings are flooding from heavy rainfall, heat stress, heavy snowfall or landslides. Local municipalities 
also have responsibility for investigating what climate adaptation measures may be needed during new 
construction and for managing these risks via zoning plans.  In addition to such considerations when planning 
new developments, existing properties that may fall into newly designated "risk zones" will need to undergo a 
future risk inventory and action plans will need to be prepared.   
Under Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, German and Finnish legislation, the party conducting an activity which 
has contributed to pollution is also responsible for treating it.  If the party conducting the activity cannot carry 
out or pay for the treatment of a property, and the party acquiring the property was aware of, or should have 
discovered the pollution, then the acquirer is responsible.  The costs of any removal or clean-up that may be 
necessary as a result of any deterioration, contamination, damage, encumbrance or hazardous materials may 
be higher than anticipated by Balder.  Failure to comply with environmental regulations, or the need to comply 
with stricter new environmental regulations that may be introduced, could lead to higher costs or hinder the 
development of Balder's operations.  There can be no assurance that Balder could not become liable for 
material environmental damage or other environmental liabilities in the future.  Materialisation of any of the 
above risks could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects.  
Potential illiquidity of the property market could make it difficult for Balder to dispose of properties 
In accordance with its strategy, Balder makes selective divestments of properties.  Such divestments may be 
affected by many factors beyond Balder's control, such as the availability of bank financing to potential buyers, 
interest rates and the supply of, and demand for, properties.  A possible lack of liquidity in the property market 
may limit Balder's ability to sell its properties or modify its property portfolio in a timely manner in response 
to changes in economic or other conditions.  Should Balder be required to divest part of its properties due to, 
for example, its inability to obtain financing, there can be no assurance that such divestments will be profitable 
or that such divestments will be possible at all, if the market functions inadequately or is illiquid.  Unsuccessful 
divestments of properties could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and future prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
System malfunctions in Balder's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of Balder's 
operations 
Balder's operations are dependent on information systems and on its ability to operate such information 
systems efficiently and to introduce new services, technologies, systems and safety and back-up systems.  Such 
information systems include telecommunication systems as well as software applications that Balder uses to 
control business operations, manage its property portfolio and risks, prepare operating and financial reports 
and to execute treasury operations.  The operation of Balder's information systems may be interrupted due to, 
among other things, power cuts, public cloud malfunctions, computer or telecommunication malfunctions, 
computer viruses, defaults by IT suppliers, crime targeted at information systems, such as security breaches 
and cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons outside and inside Balder, or major disasters, such as fires or 
natural disasters, as well as human errors made by Balder's own staff.  Material interruptions or serious 
malfunctions in the operation of the information systems may impair and weaken Balder's business, financial 
condition and the profitability of its operations.  Balder may also face difficulties when developing new 
systems and maintaining or updating current systems in order to maintain its competitiveness.  In particular, 
malfunctions in its IT systems could delay Balder in issuing rental invoices to its customers and/or prevent 
Balder from renting available apartments.  Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material 
adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Balder could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance 
Actual losses suffered by Balder could exceed its insurance coverage and could be material.  The realisation 
of one or more damaging events for which Balder has no insurance coverage or for which Balder's insurance 
coverage is insufficient could have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition and 
results of operations and future prospects. 
Interests of Fastighets AB Balder's shareholders may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes 
The interests of Fastighets AB Balder's shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with those of the 
holders of the Notes, particularly if Fastighets AB Balder encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay 
its debts when due.  In addition, Fastighets AB Balder's shareholders may have an interest in pursuing 
acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in their judgement, could enhance their equity 
investments, even though such transactions might involve risks to the Noteholders.  Any of these actions could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects.   
Financial Risks  
Balder may not receive financing at competitive terms or at all and may fail in repaying/refinancing its 
existing debt 
Uncertainty in the financial markets or tightening regulation of banks could mean that the price of financing 
needed to carry out Balder's business, in particular its growth strategy, will increase and that such financing 
will be less readily available.  As a result of Balder's intentions to raise additional debt from the capital markets, 
Balder is exposed to future adverse changes in those markets.  The level of Balder's leverage may also affect 
its ability to refinance its existing debt, which, in turn, could also affect its competitiveness and limit its ability 
to react to market conditions and economic downturns.  
Balder's target equity/assets ratio is at least 40 per cent., calculated on the basis of the fair value of its properties.  
As at 31 December 2022, Balder's equity ratio was 40.0 per cent. based on the fair value of the properties.  
Balder conducts continual discussions with banks and credit institutions aimed at securing its long-term 
financing.  Balder cooperates closely with a handful of lenders in order to secure Balder's long-term capital 
requirements.  However, no assurance can be given that Balder may not have difficulty in raising new debt, 
repaying its existing debt or fulfilling its equity ratio target in the future.  Any failure to repay the principal or

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
pay interest in respect of Balder's existing debt, the inability to refinance existing debt, or to raise new debt at 
corresponding or more favourable financial and other terms than currently in force, could have a material 
adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Fastighets AB Balder is dependent on its current long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy 
Fastighets AB Balder intends to raise additional debt from the capital markets in the future.  To facilitate the 
issuance of unsecured bonds and notes, Fastighets AB Balder has a long-term issuer credit rating of "BBB" 
from S&P.  If Fastighets AB Balder's long-term credit rating were to be downgraded, future issuances of 
unsecured bonds and notes may become significantly more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted 
amounts.  S&P could downgrade Fastighets AB Balder's long-term issuer credit rating if, for example, the 
value of Fastighets AB Balder's unencumbered assets were not to reach certain levels, or Fastighets AB 
Balder's effective leverage (adjusted total debt divided by total assets) or fixed charge cover ratios were to 
exceed certain levels, both on a sustainable basis, or if Fastighets AB Balder was unable to maintain an 
adequate liquidity profile at all times.  If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more 
difficult for Fastighets AB Balder to pursue its current financing strategy, which could have a material adverse 
effect on Fastighets AB Balder's and the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects.  
Balder's financings/insurance arrangements involve counterparty risk 
Financial institutions are counterparties to Balder's long-term bank loans and insurance arrangements.  During 
the financial crisis, many banks and insurance companies in the United States and Europe experienced financial 
difficulties, resulting in numerous mergers, acquisitions and bankruptcies among financial institutions, 
including the government takeover of certain financial institutions.  Balder's principal counterparties in 
financing transactions are Nordic financial institutions which have avoided serious financial problems.  
However, there is no assurance that Balder's financing or insurance counterparties will not experience any 
financial difficulties in the future.  If Balder's counterparties were to experience financial difficulties it could 
have a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects. 
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect Balder's business 
Interest rate fluctuations affect Balder's profit through changes in interest expenses and the market values of 
interest rate hedging.  As at 31 December 2022, approximately 70 per cent. of Balder's loans were fixed interest 
rate loans or floating rate loans hedged with interest rate derivatives.  Despite the relatively high hedging level, 
the positions are not completely hedged.  Further, fluctuations in interest rates may affect the rental apartment 
business and the valuation of properties.  Although a significant increase in interest rates may considerably 
affect house owners' ability to pay interest on housing loans, it may also affect private consumption and 
decrease the value of properties.  In addition, an increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect 
on the cost of financing and Balder's current financing expenses.  There can be no assurance that Balder could 
not fail in managing its interest rate risk properly.  This could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Balder's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect Balder's profit and property value 
Balder is exposed to indirect foreign exchange translation risk due to its investment in Denmark, Norway, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and Finland through SATO.  Balder's most significant exchange rate risk relates 
currently to euro-denominated rental income, maintenance costs and property valuation.  Balder's reporting 
currency is Swedish Krona, and all balance sheet items for foreign properties as well as all income and 
expenses generated by them are converted to Swedish Krona.  Materialisation of the translation risk could have 
a material adverse effect on Balder's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Fastighets AB Balder's historical earnings and other historical financial data are not necessarily predictive 
of earnings or other key financial figures of Balder going forward 
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Base Prospectus and the financial statements of 
Fastighets AB Balder and Balder Finland included in this Base Prospectus relate to their past performance, 
and that of the Group.  Balder's future development could deviate significantly from past results due to a large 
number of internal and external factors.  The historical earnings, historical dividends and other historical 
financial data of the Group are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key financial figures 
for Balder going forward. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. The 
relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Usually, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Any 
such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any specific Series of Notes issues at a 
substantial discount of premium to their nominal amount.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated  
As is usual for property companies, Balder's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries.  
Accordingly, Fastighets AB Balder is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its 
payment obligations in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable). Moreover, Balder Finland is a 
special purpose financing vehicle that exists for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. For more information 
see "Risk Factors – Fastighets AB Balder is a holding company; it is reliant on dividend upstreaming". The 
Notes issued by Fastighets AB Balder and the Guarantee (if applicable) are structurally subordinated to the 
claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Fastighets AB Balder's 
subsidiaries and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all 
Fastighets AB Balder's and its subsidiaries' secured creditors.  The Notes issued by Fastighets AB Balder are 
not guaranteed by any of Fastighets AB Balder's subsidiaries or any other company or person.  In the event of 
an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of 
Fastighets AB Balder's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and obligations 
that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application generally will have 
the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to Fastighets AB Balder. As at 31 December 2022, 
the book value of interest-bearing debt of the Group was SEK 135,252 million of which SEK 83,053 million 
represents interest-bearing liabilities of Fastighets AB Balder's subsidiaries which corresponds to 61 per cent. 
of the Group's total interest-bearing liabilities. 
The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) will be effectively subordinated to any of the relevant Issuer's 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's existing secured and future secured indebtedness 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantee (if applicable) is an unsecured 
obligation of the Guarantor.  As at 31 December 2022, Fastighets AB Balder had approximately SEK 47,185 
million of secured external interest-bearing indebtedness outstanding at book value, representing 35 per cent. 
of their total external interest-bearing liabilities.  The Notes and the Guarantee are, therefore, effectively 
subordinated to Fastighets AB Balder's existing secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness of 
Fastighets AB Balder or Balder Finland.  Accordingly, holders of Fastighets AB Balder's or Balder Finland’s 
secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent of the value 
of the assets securing such other indebtedness.  In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of 
Fastighets AB Balder or Balder Finland, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of 
Fastighets AB Balder or Balder Finland would be available to satisfy the obligations under the secured 
indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes.  Other than as set out in Condition 5.1 (Covenants 
– Negative Pledge) and Condition 5.2(a) (Covenants – Financial Covenants – Limitations on the Incurrence of 
Indebtedness), the Conditions do not prohibit the Issuers or the Guarantor from incurring and securing future 
indebtedness.  To the extent that the Issuers or the Guarantor were to secure any of their future indebtedness, 
to the extent not required to secure the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed governing the 
Notes, the Issuers’ obligations, in respect of the Notes, and the Guarantor's obligations, in respect of the 
Guarantee, would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the 
security securing such indebtedness. 
Modification, waivers, substitution of an Issuer 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions 
of the Notes or the Trust Deed or determine, without the consent of the Noteholders, that any Event of Default 
or Potential Event of Default (each as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such in the 
circumstances described in Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution) 
of the Notes.   
The Conditions provide that the Trustee shall, at the request of the relevant Issuer but without the consent of 
the Noteholders, agree to the substitution of any Subsidiary of the Issuer as the principal debtor in relation to 
the Trust Deed and the Notes, all in the circumstances described in the Trust Deed and the Conditions of the 
Notes. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples and definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.   
If definitive bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and/or activities that 
promote climate friendly and other environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) (Green 
Projects).  The criteria for qualification as a Green Project under Balder’s Green Financing Framework may 
change from time to time, including after the issue date of a particular issue of Green Bonds. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  In particular no assurance is given 
that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required or intend to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, the relevant Green Project.   
No assurance can be given that Green Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding any 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels or equivalently labelled performance objectives (including 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so 
called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA).  Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in Balder's

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Green Financing Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice 
from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Notes before 
deciding to invest.  Balder's Green Financing Framework may be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) 
may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. Balder's Green Financing Framework does not 
form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus.   
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes so specified 
for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Base Prospectus or the relevant Final 
Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Green Projects will 
be available or capable of being implemented in or substantially in the manner and timeframe anticipated and, 
accordingly, that the relevant Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for such Green Projects as intended.  In 
addition, there can be no assurance that any Green Project(s) will be completed as expected or achieve the 
impacts or outcomes (environmental or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated.  None of a failure by the 
relevant Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on the use of proceeds 
or Green Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification 
in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' 
expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will constitute an 
Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer 
is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially 
the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification 
of any third party relating to any Green Bonds 
The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations is a 
statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection with an issue 
of Notes issued as Green Bonds.  The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not 
intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without 
limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes.  The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion 
or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight.  The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part 
of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be 
maintained

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another.  No representation or assurance is given or made by the 
relevant Issuer or any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life 
of the Notes. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within 
the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Green Projects, do not benefit from any arrangements 
to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of 
proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Green Projects or the 
performance of the relevant Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds and the Green Projects. Consequently, neither 
payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the 
performance of the relevant Green Projects or the performance of the relevant Issuer in respect of any such 
environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Green Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the 
Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by changes in laws or administrative practices 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus. In particular, potential investors should note that any new statutes, 
ordinances and regulations, amendments to legislation or any change in applicable law or administrative 
practice or the application of the same (including any amendments to or changes in application of tax laws or 
regulations) may affect the Notes and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the relevant Issuer's and/or Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee as well as the market price and value of the 
Notes, including on the secondary market value of the Notes.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of Notes. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Notes' financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, such as the market interest rates subsequently increasing 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, resulting in the equivalent investment issued at the current market 
interest rate may be more attractive to investors. In such circumstances a holder of a Fixed Rate Note issued 
by the relevant Issuer may face difficulties should they need to sell their Note in the secondary market.  
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" could adversely affect any Notes referencing such "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other rates and indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks (and others including CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR) to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark.  In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a "benchmark" 
regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the Member State where such 
administrator is located.  There is a risk that administrators of certain "benchmarks" will fail to obtain a 
necessary licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such "benchmarks".  Other administrators may 
cease to administer certain "benchmarks" because of the additional costs of compliance with the EU

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. There is also a 
risk that certain benchmarks may continue to be administered but may in time become obsolete. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight 
rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue 
in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including but not limited to Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such 
benchmark which is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely 
affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading 
market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) otherwise occurs.  Such 
an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero) and may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper 
operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Advisor appointed by the relevant Issuer. 
An adjustment spread could be positive or negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or 
eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark.  However, it may not be 
possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment 
spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread 
can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of 
interest. It is possible that the use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an 
adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an independent 
advisor or no successor rate or alternative rate is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an 
independent adviser, in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to Floating Rate 
Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Credit Ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third 
country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no 
longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment.  
This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes 
and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Enforceability of judgments 
Since the UK ceased to be a Member State of the European Union there is uncertainty concerning the 
enforcement of English court judgments in Sweden or Finland as the regulation concerning the recognition 
and enforcement of judgments that previously applied between the UK and EU Member States, namely the 
Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2012) (the Recast Regulation) has now ceased to apply to the UK (and UK court judgments). 
Further, the UK is no longer a party to the Lugano Convention under which judgments from the courts of 
contracting states (currently the EU, plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) are recognised and enforced in 
other contracting states. As a result, a judgment entered against the relevant Issuer in an English court may not 
be recognised or enforceable in Sweden or Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but will 
be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or 
other public authorities in Sweden or Finland).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin shall be deemed 
to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) 
of Fastighets AB Balder in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, as set out on the following 
pages of the 2022 annual report of Fastighets AB Balder: 
 
Page(s) 
Multi-Year summary 
6 
Current Earning Capacity on a twelve month basis (table only, right hand side of page) 
21 
Financial Key Ratios (table only, right hand side of page) 
22 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
51 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
52 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
53 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
54 
Notes on the financial statements 
59 to 89 
Auditors’ Report 
90 to 93 
Definitions 
120 
which can be viewed on Fastighets AB Balder’s website at: 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/1969563.pdf  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) 
of Fastighets AB Balder in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021, as set out on the following 
pages of the 2021 annual report of Fastighets AB Balder: 
 
Page(s) 
Current Earning Capacity 
21 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
46 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
47 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
48 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
49 
Notes on the financial statements 
54 to 84 
Auditors’ Report 
85 to 88

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
which can be viewed on Fastighets AB Balder’s website at: 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/1561271.pdf  
(c) 
the audited financial statements (including the notes thereto) of Balder Finland in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2022, including the information set out on the following pages: 
 
Page(s) 
Statement of comprehensive income 
3 
Balance sheet 
4 
Statement of changes in equity 
5 
Cash flow statement 
6 
Notes to the financial statements 
7-20 
which can be viewed on Fastighets AB Balder’s website at: 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/balder_finland_oyj_-_financial_statements_2022_1.pdf  
(d) 
the auditors’ report to the financial statements of Balder Finland for the year ended 31 December 2022 
which can be viewed on Fastighets AB Balder’s website at: 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/balder_finland_oyj_-_auditors_report_2022.pdf   
(e) 
the audited financial statements (including the notes thereto) of Balder Finland in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2021, including the information set out on the following pages: 
 
Page(s) 
Income statement 
3 
Balance sheet 
4 
Statement of changes in equity 
5 
Cash flow statements 
6 
Notes to the financial statements 
7-20 
which can be viewed on Fastighets AB Balder’s website at: 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/balder_finland_oyj_-_financial_statements_2021_0.pdf  
(f) 
the auditors’ report to the financial statements of Balder Finland for the year ended 31 December 2021 
which can be viewed on Fastighets AB Balder’s website at: 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/balder_finland_oyj_-_auditors_report_2021_0.pdf  
(g) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Fastighets AB Balder in respect of the three 
month period ended 31 March 2023, as set out on the following pages of the Q1 2023 report of 
Fastighets AB Balder:

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Page 
Current Earning Capacity (specifically excluding any statements in respect of 
the forecast for 2023) 
5 
Income, Costs and Results  
6-7 
Property Portfolio 
8 
Changes in Property Portfolio 
9 
Customers 
14 
Financing 
15-16 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
20 
Consolidated statement of financial position  
21 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
21 
Consolidated statement of cash flow 
22 
Segment Information 
23 
Key Ratios 
24 
Reconciliation of Key Ratios 
27-30 
Definitions 
31 
which can be viewed on Fastighets AB Balder’s website at: 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/2052418.pdf  
(h) 
the Base Prospectus dated 17 June 2019 (pages 37-79 inclusive) (which is available for viewing at 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/base_prospectus_emtn_programme_17_june_2019.pdf);  
(i) 
the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2020 (pages 40-84 inclusive) (which is available for viewing at 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/base_prospectus_emtn_programme_15_july_2020.pdf);  
(j) 
the Base Prospectus dated 4 June 2021 (pages 42-85 inclusive) (which is available for viewing at 
https://en.balder.se/sites/balder/files/base_prospectus_emtn_programme_4_june_2021.pdf); and 
(k) 
the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2022 (pages 43-86 inclusive) (which is available for viewing at 
https://www.balder.se/sites/balder/files/base_prospectus_emtn_programme_30_june_2022.pdf).  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of Fastighets AB Balder and on the 
websites specified above. 
Any parts of the documents specified above which are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
are either deemed not relevant to investors or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuers and Guarantor and of the rights attaching to 
the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on the relevant Issuer.  In relation to the 
different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuers and the Guarantor have included 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is 
not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes.  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable, and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the Temporary Global Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the Permanent Global Note), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a Global 
Note) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear) and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the ECB) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the TEFRA C Rules) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the TEFRA D Rules) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have 
a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, 
duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in 
the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
(b) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes) 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against 
the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs, and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal 
Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code."  
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) will be represented by a global registered note 
(Global Registered Note), which may be exchangeable for individual Note Certificates in registered form 
(Individual Note Certificates) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the New 
Safekeeping Structure or NSS) would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem), 
subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press release also stated 
that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in 
Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under NSS, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes 
will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Registered 
Note each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Registered 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; and 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs, and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with 
such information as the relevant Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note 
Certificates (including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the Individual 
Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding). 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of 
the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, 
in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  In the case of any Tranche of Notes 
which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than pursuant to one or more of the 
exemptions set out in Article 1.4 of the EU Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base 
Prospectus.  Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
Programme 
Fastighets AB Balder and Balder Finland Oyj (the Issuers and each an Issuer) have established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to EUR 6,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the Notes) unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Fastighets AB Balder, in respect of Notes issued by Balder Finland Oyj only (in such capacity, the 
Guarantor). 
1.2 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the 
Final Terms) which completes these terms and conditions (the Conditions).  The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.3 
Trust Deed 
The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, an amended and restated trust 
deed dated 4 July 2023 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Trust Deed) 
between the Issuers, the Guarantor and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the Trustee, 
which expression includes all persons for the time being trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust 
Deed). The Notes issued by Balder Finland Oyj are the subject of a guarantee provided by the 
Guarantor in the Trust Deed.  
1.4 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement dated 30 
June 2022 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) between 
the Issuers, the Guarantor, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent (the 
Principal Paying Agent, which expression includes any successor principal paying agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the 
Registrar, which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), the paying agent named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes), the transfer agent named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the Trustee.  In these Conditions 
references to the Agents are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an 
Agent is to any one of them. 
1.5 
The Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), or in registered form (Registered Notes).  
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
1.6 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
and are subject to their detailed provisions.  Noteholders (as defined below) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the Couponholders and the Coupons, respectively) are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them.  Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection 
by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Associated Companies means the associated companies whose participations are recognised in the 
notes to the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Authorised Signatory means any director or any other person or persons notified to the Trustee by 
any director as being an Authorised Signatory pursuant to Clause 6.16 (Authorised Signatories) of the 
Trust Deed; 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Business Day Convention in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Change of Control has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9.6 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Change of Control Put Option); 
Change of Control Put Event has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
Change of Control Period has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9.6 (Redemption and Purchase 
– Change of Control Put Option);

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Change of Control Put Event Notice has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9.6 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option); 
CIBOR means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S) in accordance with the requirements from time to time 
of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish 
Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks 
(details of historic CIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, in respect of any Testing Date, the number set out under 
the heading "Profit before Tax" (or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Group, from which should be deducted items (a) to (e) below: 
(a) 
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, realised" (or any 
equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
(b) 
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of properties, unrealised" (or any 
equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
(c) 
the number set out under the heading "Changes in value of derivatives" (or any equivalent line 
item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
(d) 
the number set out under the heading "Participations in the profits of associated companies" 
(or any equivalent line item) in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
(e) 
the number set out under the heading "Net financial items" (or any equivalent line item), 
excluding ground rents, in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
and the following item (f) should be added: 
(f) 
the amount for "profit from property management from Balder's participation in associated 
companies" (or any equivalent item) as referred to in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Group (if any); 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive financial 
quarters ending on such Testing Date to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net Interest Charges, for the 
period of the most recent four consecutive financial quarters ending on such Testing Date; 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group means the consolidated financial statements and 
notes to those financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS; 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio means (i) the Indebtedness (on a consolidated basis) of the Group (less 
cash and cash equivalents) and any Guarantee in respect of any Indebtedness (except for any Guarantee 
in respect of any Indebtedness that Balder has directly or indirectly accounted for, and any Guarantee 
in respect of any Indebtedness of associated companies); divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets, in 
each case as set out in the most recent Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
Consolidated Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as reflected 
in the most recent Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
continuing for the purposes of Condition 13 (Events of Default) is an Event of Default that has not 
been waived or remedied;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
DA Selected Bond means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a 
Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date), that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a 
Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date); 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
Determination Agent means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the relevant Issuer; 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
EURIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by 
the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices 
from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and 
Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"(published on 8 June 
1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
Group means Fastighets AB Balder and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
 
Guarantee of the Notes means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed; 
Holder in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3.2 (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition 3.4 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes); 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting 
Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as amended, 
supplemented or re-issued from time to time) as adopted by the European Union; 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
(e) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(f) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(g) 
any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares (including but not limited to redeemable 
preference shares), which are classified as borrowings under IFRS; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the 
Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
Investment Grade Rating Change means if any rating previously assigned to Fastighets AB Balder 
by any Rating Agency is changed from an investment grade rating (being at least Baa3 by Moody's, 
BBB- by Fitch or BBB- by S&P) to a non-investment grade rating (being Ba1 or lower by Moody's, 
or BB+ or lower by Fitch or BB+ or lower by S&P); 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Make Whole Redemption Price has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer); 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Limited; 
Net Interest Charges means the number set out under the heading "Net financial items" (or any 
equivalent line item), excluding ground rents, in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group; 
NIBOR means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set System) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of Norske Finansielle Referanser (or any other Person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor);

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer); 
Noteholder in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3.2 (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition 3.4 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes); 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) has the meaning given in Condition 9.6 
(Redemption and Purchase - Change of Control Put Option); 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Par Call Commencement Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Payment Business Day means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of Fastighets AB Balder or any of its 
Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, 
refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Indebtedness of Fastighets AB Balder or any member 
of the Group (other than intergroup/intercompany Indebtedness (other than the Notes)); provided 
that: 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the 
Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all 
accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including 
premiums, incurred in connection therewith);

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed 
at the option of Fastighets AB Balder, either (i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the 
Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) 
after the final maturity date of the Notes; 
(c) 
if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged 
is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(d) 
if Fastighets AB Balder was the obligor on the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Indebtedness is incurred by Fastighets 
AB Balder; 
Permitted Security Interest means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of an Issuer or the Guarantor, 
provided such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal 
amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government (or any agency 
or political subdivision thereof) or other entity; 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at 
the option of the Noteholder; 
Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements means the financial statements published by 
Fastighets AB Balder for the periods ended 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of 
each year; 
Quotation Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put),

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks means four major banks selected by the relevant Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
Reference Bond shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the extent 
that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reference Date, (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if fewer than five but 
more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations (c) if only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is 
received, such quotation so obtained or (d) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
provided, the price determined by the Determination Agent (or failing which the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
Reference Date has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing 
to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, or STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Regular Period means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period. 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on 
or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness (whether being principal, premium or other amounts) 
which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, 
certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the counter market) (and 
includes for the purposes of these Conditions any Guarantee in respect of any such Indebtedness); 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reporting Date means a date falling no later than 30 days after the publication of each of (a) Fastighets 
AB Balder's audited annual consolidated financial statements; and (b) Fastighets AB Balder's 
unaudited Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements; 
Reserved Matter means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on 
redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; to effect the exchange, conversion or 
substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds, or other obligations or 
securities of the relevant Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed (other 
than as permitted under Clause 7.3 (Substitution) of the Trust Deed); to change the currency of 
payments under the Notes; or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
Secured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness, or any Guarantee in respect of such Indebtedness 
(without double counting in respect of a secured Guarantee of secured Indebtedness, and excluding 
any Guarantee of the Indebtedness of any Associated Company), in each case which is secured in 
whole or in part by the assets of any member of the Group;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer); 
STIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are 
provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other Person 
(the second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control (directly or 
indirectly), whether by ownership of more than 50 per cent. of the share capital, contract, the 
power to appoint or remove the majority of members of the governing body of the second 
Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
and includes any Person that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary; 
T2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or 
any successor or replacement for that system; 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons; 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro; 
Testing Date means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year from 
the first of such date following the Issue Date to the Maturity Date; and 
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(b) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(c) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(d) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional amounts 
in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in 
respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(e) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest which 
may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(f) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust Deed; 
(g) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not 
applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(h) 
any reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Trust 
Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date of the Notes; and  
(i) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
3.1 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than 
one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable 
for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
3.2 
Title to Bearer Notes 
Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery.  In the case of Bearer Notes, Holder 
means the holder of such Bearer Note and Noteholder and Couponholder shall be construed 
accordingly.  
3.3 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
3.4 
Title to Registered Notes 
The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
A certificate (each, a Note Certificate) will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect 
of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case of Registered Notes, Holder means the person in 
whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof) and Noteholder shall be construed accordingly. 
3.5 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  No person shall have any 
right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999. 
3.6 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Subject to Condition 3.9 (Closed periods) and 3.10 (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) 
below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the 
endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have 
executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred 
unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes 
held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not 
transferred are Specified Denominations.  Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
3.7 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph 3.6 
(Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver 
a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant 
Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or 
(at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) 
to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder.  In this Condition 3.7, business day 
means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its 
Specified Office. 
3.8 
No charge 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which 
may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
3.9 
Closed periods 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the due 
date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
3.10 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may 
be changed by the relevant Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the 
current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in 
writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
STATUS AND GUARANTEE 
4.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsecured (subject to Condition 5.1 (Covenants – Negative 
Pledge)), unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of the relevant Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
4.2 
Guarantee of the Notes 
The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual 
payment of all sums from time to time payable by Balder Finland Oyj in respect of the Notes and any 
Coupons. This Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, general, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither of the Issuers nor the Guarantor shall, and each of 
the Issuers and Guarantor shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist 
any Security Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto (a) securing the Notes or the Guarantee of the 
Notes (as applicable) equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) providing 
such other security for the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes (as applicable) as the Trustee may in 
its absolute discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders 
or as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Noteholders. 
5.2 
Financial Covenants 
(a) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Indebtedness 
So long as any Note remains outstanding Fastighets AB Balder will not, and will not permit any 
Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness or any Guarantee in respect of any 
Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 5.2(a), any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including 
pro forma application of the proceeds) the Consolidated Solvency Ratio would exceed 65 per cent.;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(b) 
Maintenance of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio 
So long as any Note remains outstanding Fastighets AB Balder undertakes that on each Testing Date 
the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is not less than 1.8:1; and 
(c) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness 
So long as any Note remains outstanding Fastighets AB Balder will not, and will not permit any 
Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, any Secured Indebtedness (excluding, for the purposes of 
this Condition 5.2(c), any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness relating to the same previously secured 
assets) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma 
application of the proceeds) the total value of Secured Indebtedness of the Group (on a consolidated 
basis) would exceed 45 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets. 
Fastighets AB Balder will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event 
that any of the covenants in this Condition 5.2 (Financial Covenants) are breached at any time. 
5.3 
Certificates 
(a) 
So long as any Note remains outstanding Fastighets AB Balder will deliver a certificate to the Trustee 
within three days of each Reporting Date signed by two Authorised Signatories of Fastighets AB 
Balder certifying that as at the most recent Testing Date Fastighets AB Balder was in compliance with 
the undertakings set out in paragraph 5.2 (Financial Covenants) or, if Fastighets AB Balder has not 
complied with Condition 5.2 (Financial Covenants), giving details of such non-compliance.  
(b) 
Any certificate addressed to the Trustee by two Authorised Signatories of Fastighets AB Balder as to 
any of the amounts of any defined term or figure referred to in Condition 5.2 (Financial Covenants) 
(unless expressly stated otherwise) may, in the absence of manifest error, be relied upon by the Trustee, 
and shall be conclusive and binding on Fastighets AB Balder and Noteholders. 
6. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
6.1 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and 
Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes).  
6.3 
Cessation of Interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it 
will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day which is seven days after 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
6.4 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
6.5 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
FLOATING RATE NOTE PROVISIONS  
7.1 
Application 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes).  Each Note will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (b) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination 
The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources that the 
relevant Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the relevant Issuer, 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines appropriate for the calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest; 
(c) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(d) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (c) above, fewer 
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
the relevant Issuer will:  
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations; and 
(e) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, requested 
and selected by the relevant Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
7.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
7.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of 
each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
7.7 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default and fraud) no 
liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7.8 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the relevant Issuer, in consultation with 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply.  
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further 
described below) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding 
Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7.8 during any other future Interest Period(s)).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7.8(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further 
operation of this Condition 7.8); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7.8(c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 7.8. 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine (i) an Adjustment Spread to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero), which such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the 
subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 7.8. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 7.8 and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7.8(e), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the request and 
expense of the relevant Issuer, agree to effect such consequential amendments to the Trust 
Deed, the Paying Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the relevant Issuer determines 
and certifies to the Trustee may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7.8 
regardless of whether or not effecting such Benchmark Amendments would constitutes a 
Reserved Matter or one or more provisos under Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver; Substitution) provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor the 
Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) shall be obliged to agree to any such consequential 
amendments if the same would, in the sole opinion of the Trustee or the Principal Paying 
Agent (as applicable), have the effect of (i) exposing it to any liabilities against which it has 
not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing its 
obligations or duties or decreasing its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in 
the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions and/or the Paying Agency Agreement (as applicable).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7.8(d), the relevant 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.   
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) (being the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 7.8(e). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. No 
later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer confirming (i) that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), 
(iii) any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable, the terms of any changes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (d) above. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition 7.8, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7.3 will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the  Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with 
Condition 7.8(e). 
(g) 
Fallbacks  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined but is not notified to the Calculation Agent not 
less than ten Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date pursuant to this 
provision prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date and the Relevant Screen Page is no 
longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7.8, if in the Calculation Agent’s 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 7.8, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the relevant Issuer thereof and the relevant Issuer shall direct the Calculation 
Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is 
not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the relevant Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7.8 shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7.8. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 7.8(b) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period 
and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8(d); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (b)(i) above;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (d)(i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (e)(i) above; or 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, the relevant Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
in each case, as determined by the relevant Issuer, or in the case of (f) above, the relevant Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent or the relevant person responsible for calculating payments. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate or, where a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 7.8(b), such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, as applicable, used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency 
to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating 
Body.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
8. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS  
8.1 
Application 
This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
8.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the 
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving 
such notice, the relevant Issuer satisfies the Trustee that: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable to procure payment by the 
relevant Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional 
amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Kingdom of Sweden or the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, 
taking reasonably measures available to it (but at no material cost) to mitigate the effects of 
the occurrence of the relevant events described in sub-paragraph (i) above, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the relevant Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to make such withholding or 
deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand 
under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to make such withholding or deduction if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the Guarantee 
of the Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (I) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer or, 
as the case may be, two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor, stating that the relevant Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so as to redeem have occurred and (II) an opinion in form 
and substance satisfactory to the Trustee of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  The Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the circumstances set 
out above, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9.2, the relevant Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.2. 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the relevant Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 
days' notice, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the 
circumstances set out below) and shall oblige the relevant Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case 
may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(a) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(b) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (A) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes to be redeemed and (B) the principal amount of such Notes to be redeemed multiplied 
by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the relevant Issuer by the 
Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on 
the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, 
plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or 
(ii) 
if Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
an amount equal to the higher of (A) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes to be 
redeemed and (B) the principal amount of such Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the relevant Issuer by the Determination 
Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity on such Notes (or, if a Par Call 
Commencement Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date) on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the 
Determination Agent. 
If Make Whole Redemption Price is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, any 
notice of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date (Call), or by the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) so delayed. 
9.4 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 9.3 (Redemption 
at the option of the relevant Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal Paying Agent approves and in such 
manner as the Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable 
law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer) (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed (which will 
be published by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption), and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be 
redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to 
be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount 
of outstanding Notes on such date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.5 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 
9.5, the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent 
with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with 
this Condition 9.5, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so 
long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9.5, the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for 
all purposes. 
9.6 
Change of Control Put Option 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if at any time 
while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs: 
(a) 
(i) Change of Control (as defined below), and, (ii) within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Event 
in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Event not having been 
cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period); or 
(b) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, Fastighets 
AB Balder is not rated by any Rating Agency and, within the Change of Control Period a Negative 
Rating Event occurs, 
(each, a Change of Control Put Event), each Noteholder will have the option (the Change of Control 
Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), 
the relevant Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9.2 or 9.3), at any time during 
the Change of Control Put Period, to require the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's 
option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (Change 
of Control) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes together with (or where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date 
(Change of Control). 
Immediately upon the relevant Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred, the relevant Issuer shall give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control 
Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this 
Condition 9.6. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in the 
Change of Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the relevant Issuer, together 
with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the 
Principal Paying Agent (a Change of Control Put Option Notice) within the Change of Control Put 
Period and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition 9.6.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable.  The relevant Issuer shall 
redeem or, at the option of the relevant Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which 
the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the 
transfer of such Notes to the account of the Principal Paying Agent for the account of the relevant 
Issuer as described above, on the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control).  Payment in respect 
of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) by transfer to the 
bank account specified in the Change of Control Put Option Notice. 
If 90 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition 9.6, the relevant Issuer may, on not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) given within 30 days after the 
Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control), redeem on a date to be specified in such notice at its 
option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes at their principal amount, together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of redemption.  
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or Change of 
Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control 
Put Event or Change of Control has occurred or to notify the Noteholders of the same and, until it shall 
have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume 
that no Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
For the purpose of this Condition 9.6: 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time following the Issue Date, a 
person or persons, acting together, acquires (i) the beneficial ownership (directly or indirectly) of more 
than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights represented by shares of Fastighets AB Balder, or (ii) the 
power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors of Fastighets AB 
Balder; 
Change of Control Period means the period (i) beginning on the date that is the earlier of (A) the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control; and (B) the date of the earliest Potential 
Change of Control Announcement, if any, and (ii) ending on the date which is the 120th day after the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control (such 120th day, the Initial 
Longstop Date); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop 
Date effected a Rating Event in respect of its rating of Fastighets AB Balder, if a Rating Agency 
publicly announces that it has placed its rating of Fastighets AB Balder under consideration for rating 
review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of 
Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall end on the 
later of (i) the Initial Longstop Date and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public announcement; 
Change of Control Put Period means the period from and including the date on which a Change of 
Control Put Event occurs (whether or not the relevant Issuer has given a Change of Control Put Event 
Notice (as applicable) in respect of such event) to and including the date falling 60 days after the date 
on which such Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, provided that if no Change of Control 
Put Event Notice (as applicable) is given, the Change of Control Put Period shall not terminate;  
A Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) Fastighets AB Balder does not, prior 
to or not later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter 
throughout the Change of Control Period use reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or 
(ii) if Fastighets AB Balder does so seek and use such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain 
such rating of at least the rating assigned to the Notes or Fastighets AB Balder on the Issue Date of the 
Notes by the end of the Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly 
or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor that the failure to 
issue a rating of at least the rating assigned to the Notes or Fastighets AB Balder on the Issue Date of

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
the Notes was as a result, directly or indirectly, of the Change of Control (whether or not the Change 
of Control had occurred at such time). 
Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) means, in respect of any Note, the date which falls 
14 days after the date on which the relevant holder exercises its option in accordance with Condition 
9.6 (Redemption and Purchase - Change of Control Put Option);  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by 
Fastighets AB Balder, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any 
specific and near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential 
Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by Fastighets AB Balder, any 
such actual or potential bidder or any such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 120 days 
of the date of such announcement of statement); and 
A Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within the 
Change of Control Period (i) the rating previously assigned to Fastighets AB Balder by any Rating 
Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) Fastighets AB Balder is withdrawn and not subsequently 
reinstated within the Change of Control Period or (ii) the non-investment grade rating previously 
assigned to Fastighets AB Balder by any Rating Agency is lowered one rating category (for example, 
from Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB or such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded 
within the Change of Control Period or (iii) an Investment Grade Rating Change occurs and is not 
subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Period, provided that a Rating Event otherwise 
arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a 
particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this definition 
would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the withdrawal or 
reduction was the result of the applicable Change of Control. 
9.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event 
that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 75 per cent. of the principal amount 
of the Notes (which shall include, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 
19 (Further Issues)) have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the relevant Issuer (other than 
as a result of the exercise by the relevant Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9.3 
(Redemption at the Option of the Relevant Issuer)) the relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 
nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some 
only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption.  
9.8 
No other redemption 
The relevant Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Condition 
9.1 (Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption) to Condition 9.7 (Redemption and Purchase 
- Clean-up Call Option) above. 
9.9 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9.9 or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
9.10 
Purchase 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are 
purchased therewith. Such Notes may be held, reissued, or resold (provided that such resale is outside 
the United States and is otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws) or surrendered for 
cancellation at the option of the relevant Issuer or otherwise, as the case may be in compliance with 
Condition 9.11 (Redemption and Purchase – Cancellation). The Notes so purchased, while held by or 
on behalf of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any such Subsidiary shall not entitle the holder to 
vote at any meeting of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of 
calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 17 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution). 
9.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the relevant 
Issuer), Condition 9.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
Condition 9.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option), 9.7 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Clean-up Call Option) or submitted for cancellation pursuant to Condition 9.10 
(Redemption and Purchase – Purchase) will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. If the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a stock exchange, then for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on such exchange and if the rules of such exchange so require, the relevant Issuer shall promptly 
inform such exchange of the cancellation of any Notes under this Condition 9.11.   
10. 
PAYMENTS – BEARER NOTES 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
10.1 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency. 
10.2 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10.8 (Payments – Bearer Notes – Payments other than 
in respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 10.1 (Payments – Bearer Notes – 
Principal) above.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
10.3 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York 
City if (i) the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest 
on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of 
such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
10.4 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to (a) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation) and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
10.5 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer 
Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(a) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(b) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
Relevant Coupons) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this Condition 10.5(b)(A) would otherwise require a fraction of 
a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount 
of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 10.1 
(Payments – Bearer Notes – Principal) above against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
10.6 
Unmatured Coupons void 
On the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 9.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer), Condition 9.5 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9.6 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option), 9.7 (Redemption and Purchase - Clean-up Call Option) 
or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still 
attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
10.7 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of 
the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled 
to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10.8 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation 
of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or 
in New York City if permitted by Condition 10.3 (Payments – Bearer Notes – Payments in New York 
City) above). 
10.9 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon presented to it for 
payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such 
payment. 
10.10 Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon 
Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at 
the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)).  Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
PAYMENTS – REGISTERED NOTES 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
11.1 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Principal 
Paying Agent not later than the 15th day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
11.2 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due drawn 
on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Principal 
Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
11.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to (a) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
12 (Taxation) and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
11.4 
Payments on business days 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due date, 
or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) 
will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (a) (in the 
case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for 
payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (b) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Registered 
Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting 
from (i) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (ii) a cheque mailed in 
accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.  
11.5 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date 
of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.  
11.6 
Record date 
Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in the 
Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day 
before the due date for such payment (the Record Date).  Where payment in respect of a Registered 
Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
12. 
TAXATION 
12.1 
Gross up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Sweden, the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, the relevant Issuer or (as the 
case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the Kingdom of 
Sweden or the Republic of Finland (as applicable) other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
or 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or 
Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
12.2 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If Fastighets AB Balder becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Kingdom 
of Sweden, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Sweden shall be construed as references 
to the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such other jurisdiction. 
If Balder Finland Oyj becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic 
of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be construed as references 
to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal or interest shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of principal or interest (as the case may be) which may be payable under this 
Condition 12 or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution of this Condition 12 pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of not less than one-
fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(subject in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs 13(d) and 13(g) to 
(j) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and, in all cases, to the Trustee being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction) 
shall give notice to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor that the Notes are and they shall immediately 
become due and repayable in each case at their principal amount together with accrued interest if any

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
of the following events (each, subject to where applicable to certification by the Trustee as aforesaid, 
an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment of principal: the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor fails to pay any 
amount of principal payable in respect of any of the Notes when due and such default continues for a 
period of seven days; or 
(b) 
Non-payment of interest: the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor fails to pay any 
amount of interest payable in respect of any of the Notes when due and such default continues for a 
period of 14 days; or 
(c) 
Breach of covenants: Fastighets AB Balder fails to meet the Consolidated Coverage Ratio set out in 
Condition 5.2(b) (Covenants – Financial Covenants – Maintenance of the Consolidated Coverage 
Ratio) on any Testing Date and such failure is not remedied or waived by the following Testing Date; 
or  
(d) 
Breach of other obligations: the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor defaults in the 
performance or observance of any of their respective other obligations under the Notes or the Trust 
Deed and (except in any case where the Trustee considers the failure to be incapable of remedy, when 
no continuation or notice as is hereafter mentioned will be required) such default continues unremedied 
for 30 days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree after the Trustee has given written notice 
thereof to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor requiring the same to be remedied; or  
(e) 
Cross-default:  
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;  
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at 
the option of: 
(A) 
the relevant Issuer; 
(B) 
the Noteholders (pursuant to Condition 9.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the Option of Noteholders) and Condition 9.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Change 
of Control Put Option); 
(C) 
the relevant Subsidiary; or 
(D) 
(provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person 
entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries fail to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness and remains unpaid;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in Condition 13(e)(i) and (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in Condition 13(e)(iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds 1 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets and provided 
further that no default shall occur under Condition 13(e)(ii) above where such default occurs 
as a direct result of a change in legislation or regulations in Sweden or Finland, whereby either 
of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries are prohibited from holding 
state subsidised loans and either of the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or any Subsidiary (as 
applicable) therefore is required to redeem such loans prior to their original maturity as a result 
thereof; or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(f) 
Judgment default: one or more final judgments or orders or arbitration awards for the payment of an 
amount, whether individually or in aggregate, in excess of 1 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets is 
rendered or granted against either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date thereof or, if later, the 
date therein specified for payment; or 
(g) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or a substantial (in the opinion of the Trustee) part of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of any member of the Group; or 
(h) 
Insolvency etc:  
(i) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Material Subsidiaries become insolvent or 
are unable to pay their debts as they fall due save for any proceedings or actions which are 
contested in good faith and discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty-eight (28) days of 
its commencement; 
(ii) 
an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made) 
in respect of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Material Subsidiaries or the 
whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of their Material Subsidiaries, save for any proceedings or actions which 
are contested in good faith and discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty-eight (28) days 
of its commencement; or 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Material Subsidiaries take any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of their obligations or make a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of their creditors or declare a moratorium 
in respect of any of their Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by either 
of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of their Material Subsidiaries. 
In this Condition 13(h), Material Subsidiary means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of 
Fastighets AB Balder whose consolidated total assets or consolidated pre-tax profits as shown 
in the most recent consolidated audited financial statements represent 5 per cent. or more of 
the consolidated total assets or consolidated pre-tax profits of Fastighets AB Balder as 
calculated by reference to Fastighets AB Balder 's most recent consolidated audited financial 
statements. 
(i) 
Invalidity or unenforceability: 
(A) 
any action, condition or thing (including any consent approvals, registration or filing) 
at any time required to be taken, fulfilled, obtained or done in order (A) to enable the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise their respective rights 
and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of the 
Notes or the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, (B) to ensure that those obligations 
are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (C) to make the Notes, the Guarantee of 
the Notes, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement admissible as evidence in the 
courts of England, Sweden or Finland is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(B) 
it is or will become unlawful for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of their respective obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the 
Guarantee of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement;  
(j) 
Balder Finland Oyj: in the case of Notes issued by Balder Finland Oyj, if the Issuer ceases to be a 
subsidiary wholly-owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(k) 
Substantial Change in Business: the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any member of the Group 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than, in the 
case of a Subsidiary of an Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation 
or restructuring whilst solvent by the Group); or 
(l) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) 
in full force and effect. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest in respect 
of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of 
Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise 
as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
TRUSTEE AND AGENTS 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and relieved from responsibility in 
certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Noteholders.  
In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and any entity relating to the Issuers or the Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee 
will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any 
consequence for individual Holders of Notes or Coupons as a result of such Holders being connected 
in any way with a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuers and the Guarantor and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee 
and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuers and the Guarantor reserve the right (with 
the prior approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
to appoint a successor principal paying agent or registrar or calculation agent and additional or 
successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the relevant Issuer shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the relevant Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; SUBSTITUTION 
17.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matters 
relating to their interests, the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed.  Such a meeting may 
be convened by the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor (acting together) or by the Trustee 
and shall be convened by the Trustee (subject to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction) upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote 
on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing not less than half 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Trustee may 
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of not less than three-quarters of Noteholders 
who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Trust Deed 
will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more Noteholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that an Extraordinary Resolution or a request to the Trustee by the holders 
of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding which in the opinion of the 
Trustee affects the Notes of more than one Series: 
(a) 
but does not give rise (in the opinion of the Trustee) to an actual or potential conflict of interest between 
the holders of Notes of any of the Series so affected, shall be deemed to have been duly passed at a 
single meeting of the holders of the Notes of all Series so affected or given by a request by the holders

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of all the Notes then outstanding of all Series so affected 
(taken together); and 
(b) 
and gives rise or may give rise (in the opinion of the Trustee) to a conflict of interest between the 
holders of Notes of one or more Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed or given 
only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Notes of each Series so affected or, as the case 
may be, if given by a request by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of each separate 
Series of Notes then outstanding so affected. 
17.2 
Modification and waiver 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree to any 
modification of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a 
Reserved Matter) which is, in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
Noteholders and to any modification of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the Trustee 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, authorise or waive any proposed 
breach or breach of any Condition of the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than 
a proposed breach or breach relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) or determine without the 
consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby.  Any such authorisation, waiver, modification or determination shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter unless the 
Trustee agrees otherwise.  With respect to any such waiver, the Trustee shall not exercise any powers 
conferred upon it in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution or of a 
request in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding. 
Additionally, the Issuers may, subject to Condition 7.8, vary or amend these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Paying Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as described 
in Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Replacement) and the Trustee shall agree to such variations or 
amendments on the basis set out in Condition 7.8. 
17.3 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the Trustee, subject to such other conditions as the Trust 
Deed sets out but without the consent of the Noteholders to substitute any company in place of the 
relevant Issuer (or of any previous substitute under Clause 7.3 (Substitution) of the Trust Deed), as 
principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes.  No Noteholder shall, in connection with any 
such substitution, be entitled to claim from the relevant Issuer or the Trustee any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon individual Noteholders, 
except to the extent provided in Condition 12 (Taxation) (or any undertaking given in addition to or 
substitution of it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed). 
Any such substitution shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable thereafter unless the Trustee agrees otherwise.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
18. 
ENFORCEMENT 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it thinks 
fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes, but it shall not be bound to do so 
unless: 
(a) 
it has been so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one-fifth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
it has been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or provided with security to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor unless 
the Trustee, having become bound to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders and in accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest) so as to form a single series with the outstanding Notes.   
20. 
NOTICES 
20.1 
Bearer Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times or if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe).  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes.  
20.2 
Registered Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) 
or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register and if the 
Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law 
or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of such mailing in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times 
or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe).  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the second day after 
the date of mailing. 
20.3 
Global Note or a Global Registered Note 
So long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Note, notices 
required to be published in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the relevant 
accountholders, provided that in the case of Notes that are admitted to Euronext Dublin: (a) such 
notice is also delivered to Euronext Dublin; and (b) so long as the relevant Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require, publication will also be made 
in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
to be the Irish Times).  Any such notice shall be deemed to be given on the date of delivery to the 
relevant clearing system. 
20.4 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of 
the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the 
currency (the first currency) in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the second currency) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim 
or proof against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court 
or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes or the 
Guarantee of the Notes, the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the relevant Issuer or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor and delivered to the relevant Issuer or if, applicable, the Guarantor or to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may 
in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency on the date of 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action.  
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) 
all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
22.1 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the any of them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.  
22.2 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have each irrevocably agreed for the benefit of the Trustee and the 
Noteholders, that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and/or the Notes or any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with them and accordingly submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor waive any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they 
are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum.  The Trustee and the Noteholders may take any suit, action

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed and the Notes against the Issuers and the Guarantor in any other court of competent jurisdiction 
and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions if and to the extent permitted by law. 
22.3 
Appointment of process agent 
Fastighets AB Balder appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of such agent ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee 
as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings.   
Balder Finland Oyj appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, 
London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the 
event of such agent ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its 
agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings.  
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
EU MiFID II); (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[EU MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, EU MiFID II)][EU MiFID 
II]; and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
                                                                          
1  
Include where Part B item 7(e) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable". 
2  
Include where Part B item 7(f) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the SFA), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA that the Notes 
[are]/[are not] "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [] 
[FASTIGHETS AB BALDER / BALDER FINLAND OYJ] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300GHKJCEZOAEUU82/5493007P4MCJM21IB748] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
[Guaranteed by FASTIGHETS AB BALDER]3 
under the EUR 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 4 July 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of [The Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) (https://live.euronext.com/) and] the [Issuer/Guarantor] 
(https://en.balder.se/).   
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [17 June 2019]/[15 July 2020]/[4 June 2021]/[30 June 2022]  which is 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 4 July 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 4 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all 
the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the website 
of [The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) (https://live.euronext.com/) 
and] the [Issuer/Guarantor] (https://en.balder.se/).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case 
                                                                          
3 To be deleted for issuances by Fastighets AB Balder.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Fastighets AB Balder / Balder Finland Oyj] 
Fastighets AB Balder]4 
2. 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [] on [[]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 25 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about []]. 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
(a) 
Series: 
[]] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from []] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
(NB – Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the 
option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination and 
integral multiples thereof) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR+/– 
[] 
per 
cent. 
Floating Rate] 
                                                                          
4 To be deleted for issuances by Fastighets AB Balder.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at []/[100] 
per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify 
there/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put]  
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [17./18/19 below))] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee: 
(c) 
[[Date [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes] 
[and 
Guarantee] 
obtained:] 
Senior] 
[] [and [], respectively] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 14) 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph [15])

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Period: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (d) below/not subject to any 
adjustment, or the Business Day Convention in (d) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (d) below/not subject to any 
adjustment, or the Business Day Convention in (d) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: [Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(f) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
Not Applicable/[Fiscal Agent]/[Paying Agent]/[] (the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
(g) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
(h) 
Linear interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: [] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 16) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[]/[Any date from and including [date] to be excluding 
[date]] 
 
(b) 
Par Call Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption Price] 
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) falling 
[on []]/in the period from and including [insert date 3 
months prior to maturity]/[other date] to but excluding [date]] 
[and [[•] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
falling [on [•]/in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
 
(d) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs (a) – 
(c) of this paragraph 17) 
 
(i) 
[Redemption 
Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
[Reference Bond: 
[]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(If a Par Call Commencement Date is included, the Reference 
Bond should mature on the Par Call Commencement Date 
rather than the Maturity Date) 
 
(iii) 
[Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Notice period: 
[] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each 
Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
20. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a)       Notice Period: 
Minimum period: [] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the relevant Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the relevant Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent 
or Trustee.)

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
(b)       Early Redemption Amount: []/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Termination Amount: 
Early Termination Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[[]/[Par] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, 
exercise of a Clean-Up Call 
Option: 
[Specify number of days’ notice][[] /[Par] per Calculation 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]  
 
 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of 
the Notes includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Registered Note]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))] 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that this paragraph relates 
to the date of payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, 
to which sub-paragraph 15(e) relates] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [Fastighets AB Balder / Balder Finland Oyj]: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
[Signed on behalf of Fastighets AB Balder: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(a) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [].]  
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: []] 
[Include a brief summary of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the ratings provider.] 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU 
CRA Regulation).]  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
The proceeds of the issue will be [used by the Issuer for 
general corporate purposes]/[]/[Green Projects] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN /Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI Code and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg: 
[]/Not Applicable 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/Not Applicable

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes which are 
held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/  
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]].  
 
 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(a) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(i) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(d) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [(In the case of Bearer 
Notes) – [TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]  
 
(e) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Applicable" should be specified.  If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be specified.)] 
 
(g) 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary].  As at the 
date hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] does not fall within 
the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
8. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS  
 
(a) 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(b) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name of 
third party assurance agent] and [give details of compliance 
opinion(s) 
 
(c) 
[Date 
of 
third 
party 
opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to Noteholder are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a Classic Global Note 
(CGN), or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to Noteholder are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
Accountholder) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the relevant 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
relevant clearing system from time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note 
or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect 
of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to 
the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a summary of 
certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be 
made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be 
effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes.  
On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant 
Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an 
NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day 
In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date 
Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the holder in the 
Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before 
the due date for such payment (the Record Date) where Clearing System Business Day means a day on 
which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of Put Option or Change of Control Put Option 
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9.5 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) or Condition 9.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Change of Control Put Option) the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in 
the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice give written notice of such exercise to the 
Principal Paying Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option 
is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9.3 
(Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global 
Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the relevant 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the 
date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the relevant 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or 
by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered 
Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuers for general corporate purposes, or as may 
otherwise be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
In particular, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds 
from an offer of Notes specifically for Green Projects as set out in Balder’s Green Financing Framework. Such 
Notes may also be referred to as Green Bonds. 
Green Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by Balder from time to time in accordance 
with the categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Green Financing Framework which sets 
out the added environmental criteria required for such issuances (the Green Terms). The criteria for 
qualification as a Green Project under the Green Financing Framework may change from time to time.  
The Green Financing Framework is aligned with the Green Bond Principles published in 20215 by the 
International Capital Markets Association. Recognising that the Green Bond market and best practices are still 
evolving, Balder will follow market developments and, when deemed necessary, make appropriate updates to 
the Green Financing Framework. Balder has established a committee (the Green Bond Committee) consisting 
of the CFO and the Head of Sustainability which will oversee and update the Green Financing Framework 
when such market developments require. All proceeds from Green Bonds issued under the Green Financing 
Framework will be invested in compliance with Balder’s list of eligible assets and projects as noted in the 
Green Terms, namely, in relation to green buildings. If an asset or project financed by a Green Bond no longer 
qualifies as eligible during the life of the bond, the asset or project will be replaced by other assets or projects 
that meet the definitions set out in the Green Financing Framework. Balder has a process in place to ensure 
that green assets and projects are continuously added to Balder’s list of eligible assets and projects and the 
Green Bond Committee will be responsible for the evaluation and selection of such assets or projects.   
Balder has obtained a second party opinion from Cicero Shades of Green to confirm the Green Financing 
Framework’s alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021. Cicero Shades of Green has awarded the 
Green Financing Framework with a medium green shading. The Second Party Opinion and the Green 
Financing Framework are, and any updates to the Green Financing Framework will be, available for viewing 
on Balder’s website at https://en.balder.se/investor-relations/green-financing. 
Balder provides transparency on the impact related to investments made with proceeds from its Green Bond 
issuances by means of an impact report (the Impact Report). The Impact Report, which will include details 
of allocation as well as impact, will be published annually and be generally available on Balder’s website at 
https://en.balder.se/investor-relations/green-financing so long as Balder has Green Bonds outstanding. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by Balder) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by Balder or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or 
certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. See further information 
under the risk factor above headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can 
be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor", "Risk 
Factors – No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
                                                                          
5 ICMA Green Bond Principles June 2021 (with June 2022 Appendix 1)

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds", "Risk Factors – No assurance that Green Bonds 
will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock 
exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained" and "Green Bonds are not linked to 
the performance of the Green Projects, do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of 
the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes".

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF FASTIGHETS AB BALDER 
General 
Fastighets AB Balder (publ) (the Issuer or the Company) is a public limited company incorporated under the 
Swedish Companies Act of the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) and registered in Sweden with registration 
number 556525-6905.  Its registered address is Box 531 21, 400 15 Gothenburg, Sweden, and its telephone 
number is +46 31 109 570.  The Issuer was formed on 15 June 1995 and registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office on 7 December 1995.  The Issuer has been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large cap, since 
1 January 2015.  
The Issuer, along with its subsidiaries (together referred to as Balder or the Group), owns and manages a 
diversified property portfolio in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Germany, United Kingdom and Finland (in 
Finland through a 56.5 per cent. equity stake in SATO Oyj (SATO)).  The Group portfolio generated a rental 
income of SEK 10,521 million for the year ending 31 December 2022, and had an estimated fair value of 
SEK 217.4 billion and a lettable area of 5,837,365 sq. m. as of 31 December 2022.  As of 31 December 2022, 
residential properties generated 53 per cent. of the rental income of the Group, and commercial properties 
generated 47 per cent. (comprising offices at 14 per cent., retail at 13 per cent., industrial/logistics at 8 per 
cent. and other properties including hotels at 11 per cent.).    
Balder's residential portfolio comprises approximately 14,000 apartments in Sweden, 4,000 apartments in 
Denmark, and 31,000 apartments in Finland.  The commercial portfolio is mainly concentrated in Sweden's 
largest cities in the central business district areas and comprises 104 office properties, 141 retail properties, 
167 industrial/logistics properties and 80 other properties, including approximately 50 hotel properties. 
Apart from Balder's direct real estate holdings, it also has minority holdings in several property management 
companies (the Real Estate Companies) and certain investment assets, including 44 per cent. of the listed 
niche bank Collector AB (publ) (Collector, and together with the other investment assets and the Real Estate 
Companies, the Associated Companies).  The Associated Companies are not consolidated in Balder's annual 
financial statements, as Balder's holding in each of these companies is 50 per cent. or less.  The Real Estate 
Companies together own 591 properties and Balder's ownership stake equates to a lettable area of 
1,305,717 sq.m. and an estimated fair value of SEK 55.8 billion as at 31 December 2022. Balder's equity 
holdings in the Associated Companies equate to a rental income of SEK 2.5 billion as at 31 December 2022, 
a profit from property management of SEK 1.3 billion for 2021 and SEK 1.9 billion for 2022 and a profit after 
tax of SEK 3.5 billion for 2021 and SEK 1.0 billion for 2022. The Group and the Associated Companies 
together generated a gross profit from property management activities of SEK 6.1 billion and a net profit after 
tax of SEK 19.6 billion for 2021 and a gross profit from property management activities of SEK 6.7 billion 
and a net profit after tax of SEK 11.0 billion for 2022.  
Balder has its head office in Gothenburg, Sweden and has several regional offices in Sweden, Finland and 
Copenhagen.  This decentralised geographic presence enables it to develop relationships with many of its 
customers.   
Group Structure  
The legal structure of the Group is typical of property companies.  Most properties are owned by special 
purpose vehicle (SPV) companies, which are in turn owned by the Issuer.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
The chart below shows the simplified legal structure for the Issuer and its directly owned subsidiaries. 
 
History of Balder 
2005-2008 
Balder was first established and listed on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2005.  During this period, the organisation 
established itself in Gothenburg, Stockholm and Malmö.  Balder’s focus was to develop a presence in growth 
regions in Sweden where there was a long-term demand for commercial properties.  By the end of 2008, Balder 
owned 122 properties with a fair value of SEK 7.1 billion. 
2009 
Balder acquired Din Bostad Sverige AB (Din Bostad), a listed residential company.  The acquisition of Din 
Bostad transformed Balder from being solely a commercial property company to having an equal split in its 
portfolio between residential and commercial properties.  By the end of 2009, Balder owned 419 properties 
with a fair value of SEK 12.7 billion. 
2010-2012 
Balder made its first acquisition in Denmark in 2010 and also invested in wind power turbines.  Balder decided 
to exit the industrial property market and as a result, sold all of its warehouse properties. By the end of 2012, 
Balder owned 432 properties with a fair value of SEK 22.3 billion. 
2013-2015 
During 2013 and 2014, Balder continued to expand its property portfolio in Denmark and Sweden.  By the end 
of 2015, Balder owned 1,177 properties with a fair value of SEK 68.5 billion in Denmark and Sweden.  In 
2015 Balder also acquired 53.3 per cent. of SATO, which at the time owned over 24,000 apartments in Finland.   
2016 
In 2016, Balder acquired its first property in Norway.  In 2016, Balder also acquired a portfolio of properties 
for SEK 4.2 billion, the main tenant of which remains Hedin Bil (a Swedish automobile company).  As of 31 
December 2019, the average length of the leases contained in this portfolio was approximately nine years.  
Balder completed a directed issue of ordinary shares of SEK 1.7 billion to part–finance the deal.  See 'Share 
Structure and Shareholders' below. 
2017 
During the first quarter of 2017, Balder obtained a credit rating of 'BBB' from S&P and issued its first bonds 
in the European capital markets with a total principal amount of EUR 1 billion.  During that year Balder issued 
a further EUR 850 million of bonds in the European capital markets.  During 2017, Balder also acquired four 
hotels in Copenhagen as well as one hotel in Helsinki.   
Fastighets AB Balder 
(Sweden)
Balder Storstad AB 
(Sweden)
Balder 
Mellanstad AB 
(Sweden)
Din Bostad 
Sverige AB 
(Sweden)
Balder Danmark 
A/S (Denmark)
Egby Vindkraftverk 
AB (Sweden)
Balder Bilrum 
Fastighet AB 
(Sweden)
Balder 
Fastigheter 
Norge AS 
(Norway)
Balder Germany 
GmbH (Germany)
Asset Buyout 
Partners Invest 
AS (Norway)
Serena 
Properties AB 
(Sweden)
SATO Oyj
(Finland)

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
2018 
During the second quarter of 2018, Balder signed a loan agreement for EUR 100 million with the European 
Investment Bank (EIB) for the development of two residential projects in Copenhagen which meet the "Nearly 
Zero-Energy Building" standard of the European Union.  During 2018, Balder acquired a German property 
portfolio consisting of seven hotel properties, for EUR 57.5 million.  The properties have a lettable area of just 
over 40,000 sq. m. and approximately 850 hotel rooms. Balder has signed a 20-year lease for all properties 
with Ligula Hospitality Group, which is already a tenant of Balder in a number of its hotels.   
2019 
Balder’s very first acquisition in London was completed at the beginning of the year, and was followed by 
another acquisition later in the year. This was in line with Balder’s strategy and the trend to diversify the 
property portfolio. During the year Balder continued to acquire centrally located properties, including a number 
of objects and building rights in Gothenburg, one hotel property in Helsinki and a number of properties in 
Stockholm were also acquired. 
2020 
In November 2020, a directed share issue of 6,500,000 Series B shares was carried out, which provided Balder 
with approximately SEK 2,945 million before issue costs. In December 2020, Balder and Serneke Group 
entered into a structural transaction whereby Balder acquired 50 per cent. of the shares in Karlatornet AB, 
became a shareholder in Serneke Group and agreed on the acquisition of almost 1,400 rental apartments and 
just over 12,000 sq.m. of commercial premises. During the year, 50 per cent. of the share capital in Norwegian 
company Anthon B Nilsen Eiendom AS and 18 per cent. of the share capital in the Norwegian listed real estate 
company Entra ASA were also acquired. 
2021 
In May Balder announced that it had made an agreement to buy the Norwegian property company Asset Buyout 
Partners (ABP). The acquisition, which was completed in July, presents a great opportunity to expand the 
Group’s presence in Norway, with properties and locations well positioned for current and future industries. 
During the year Balder also increased its holding in the Norwegian listed real estate company, Entra ASA, and 
Balder’s share in Entra ASA amounted to 36.6 per cent. at year end. 
2022 
In May 2022, a 6:1 share split was carried out with the aim of achieving an appropriate number of shares. In 
December 2022, a directed new issue of 35,000,000 series B shares was carried out, which provided Balder 
with approximately SEK 1.8 billion before issue costs.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BALDER FINLAND OYJ 
Overview 
Balder Finland Oyj (Balder Finland) is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Fastighets AB Balder. Balder 
Finland is incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland with business identity code 2667238-2. 
Balder Finland was incorporated pursuant to a memorandum of association dated 12 January 2015 and was 
established upon a registration with the Finnish Trade Register Authority on 27 January 2015 under the Finnish 
Act on Limited Liability Companies (624/2006, as amended) as a limited liability company. Balder Finland’s 
registered address is c/o Navigator Partners Oy, Skillnadsgatan 11 A 20, 00130 Helsinki, Finland and its 
telephone number is +46 31 109570.  
The corporate form of Balder Finland was changed from a limited liability company to a public limited liability 
company on 4 June 2020. At the same time, the name of Balder Finland was changed from Balder Otas i 
Finland Oy to Balder Finland Oyj. 
All transactions between Fastighets AB Balder and Balder Finland are carried out on an arm’s length basis. 
The issued share capital of Balder Finland is ultimately beneficially owned and controlled by Fastighets AB 
Balder (through its shareholding in Balder Otas Holding AB). The rights of Balder Otas Holding AB as a direct 
shareholder in Balder Finland are regulated in the Finnish Act on Limited Liability Companies and in the 
articles of association of Balder Finland. The management of Balder Finland is organised in accordance with 
its articles of association and the laws of the Republic of Finland. 
Business of Balder Finland 
According to Article 2 of its articles of association, Balder Finland engages in the business of directly or 
indirectly through wholly or partly owned companies acquiring, managing and holding participations and 
shares in subsidiaries. Further, Balder Finland may also engage in financing activities of group companies, 
such as borrowing and lending, and grant guarantees or provide collateral on behalf of group companies' 
obligations. Balder Finland may also own securities and real estate in Finland and abroad, issue securities and 
take part in other financing arrangements. Balder Finland also engages in group administration and acts as a 
financing company on behalf of Fastighets AB Balder and the Group. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of Balder Finland are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Erik Selin  
Chairperson of the Board of Directors 
Malin Johannesson  
Member of the Board of Directors 
Kristofer Osberg 
Member of the Board of Directors 
None of the members of the Board of Directors listed above have any activities outside the Group which are 
significant with respect to the Group. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Parkgatan 49, Box 531 21, 400 15 Göteborg, 
Sweden. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Balder Finland of any of the members of the 
Board of Directors listed above and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of Balder Finland is EUR 80,000 divided 
into 1,000 ordinary shares. The shares have no nominal value. Balder Finland’s issued and fully paid up share 
capital is EUR 80,000 as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Financial Information 
Balder Finland’s annual financial year-end date is 31 December. Balder Finland’s latest annual audited 
financial statements are for the year ended 31 December 2022. Balder Finland has prepared its financial 
statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 according to IFRS.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS OF THE GROUP 
Financial Summary 2013-2022 
Notes:   
(1) 
Market value of properties   
 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
SEK (in millions) 
Rental 
Income 
1,884 
2,525 
2,711 
5,373 
5,915 
6,714 
7,609 
8,134 
8,956 
10,521 
Profit from 
property 
management 
before tax 
854 
1,275 
1,780 
2,653 
3,284 
3,877 
4,604 
4,900 
6,129 
6,659 
Changes in 
value of 
properties 
854 
3,050 
3,388 
4,932 
5,336 
8,007 
9,577 
3,453 
13,111 
5,530 
Changes in 
value of 
interest rate 
derivatives 
433 
–624 
227 
-114 
144 
–34 
-180 
-141 
511 
1,617 
Net profit for 
the year 
1,738 
3,128 
4,916 
6,093 
7,769 
10,169 
11,526 
7,275 
19,584 
10,989 
Carrying 
amount(1) of 
properties 
27,532 
37,382 
68,456 
86,177 
98,360 
118,140 
143,736 
151,982 
191,835 
217,353 
Key Financial Ratios 
Return on 
equity (per 
cent.) 
21.5 
29.7 
32.3 
24.6 
24.7 
26.1 
20.1 
12.4 
27.3 
12.1 
Interest 
coverage 
ratio (times) 
2.9 
3.4 
5.1 
3.7 
4.3 
4.6 
5.2 
5.3 
4.9 
4.7 
Equity/ assets 
ratio (per 
cent.) 
37.3 
35.5 
34.1 
36.1 
35.5 
38.4 
38.3 
38.6 
40.4 
40.0 
Debt/equity 
ratio (times) 
1.5 
1.6 
1.6 
1.5 
1.5 
1.4 
1.4 
1.3 
1.3 
1.3 
Net debt to 
total assets 
(per cent.) 
53.3 
54.6 
54.6 
51.8 
51.8 
50.1 
48.4 
46.1 
47.4 
47.9

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY 
Balder's business strategy is to acquire, develop and manage commercial properties in capital cities, as well as 
residential properties in metropolitan areas and in places that are growing and developing positively. Over the 
past few years, the Company has achieved diversification of its portfolio to countries including Denmark, 
Finland, Norway, Germany, United Kingdom and Sweden.  The Company has been focussed on concentrating 
its residential portfolio in large cities in these countries, namely Stockholm, Copenhagen, Helsinki and 
Gothenburg.  The focus on commercial properties, meanwhile, has been in Stockholm and Gothenburg, where 
there is a stronger demand for office space. 
Balder's aim is to create value for its owners, employees and the communities in which it operates.  Balder 
attempts to accomplish this by: 
 
establishing swift decision-making procedures; 
 
implementing cost-efficient management solutions; 
 
working actively to acquire properties and land with development potential and creating growth by 
investing, developing, streamlining and rationalising its business; and 
 
meeting tenants' needs. 
Balder's operations are focused on long-term growth, positive cash flows and increasing profit from its property 
management activities.  
Financial Goals 
Balder's financial goals are to achieve: 
(a) 
a stable and consistent return on equity; 
(b) 
an equity-to-assets ratio of not less than 40 per cent.; 
(c) 
a net debt/total assets ratio of not higher than 50 per cent.;  
(d) 
an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.0; and 
(e) 
a net debt/EBITDA ratio of no more than 11.0 times.  
See "Finance and Capital Structure" for further information. 
The financial outcomes for the years ending 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 are set out below. 
 
Financial Targets 
 
 
 
 
Target 
31 December 2021 31 December 2022 
Equity/Total Assets (per cent.) 
min. 40 
40.4 
40.0 
Interest Coverage Ratio (times) 
min. 2.0 
4.9 
4.7 
Net Debt/ Total Assets (per cent.) 
max. 50 
47.4 
47.9 
Net Debt/EBITDA6 
max. 11.0 
12.9 
13.4 
                                                                          
6 Financial target applicable from 2023; historical outcomes provided for context.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Dividend Policy 
Balder prioritises growth, capital structure and liquidity in its business, and accordingly, the dividend for 
shareholders is either set at a nominal level or not declared at all in order for funds to be retained within the 
Company.  The Company has not declared a dividend to ordinary shareholders since 2008 and all profits have 
been re-invested in the business.  
Management Structure 
Balder currently has several administrative offices, which are divided into seven regions.  In each region, all 
aspects of property management are handled in-house by Balder's personnel, who are responsible for letting 
and operations as well as the environment and maintenance. This facilitates fast decision-making procedures, 
close proximity to the customer and in-depth local knowledge, which assists the Company in fostering long-
term relationships with its customers.  Balder offers a wide range of commercial premises and residential 
housing in a number of locations for rent at varying rates.  Property development is undertaken in consultation 
with customers based on their requirements.   
Customer Relationships 
Balder continuously looks to improve the Group's service and product offering.  The Customer Relations 
department, which manages relationships with customers, is central in achieving this and is responsible for a 
number of initiatives, including conducting surveys to measure individual customers' experiences against a 
customer satisfaction index.   
Having satisfied customers is one of Balder’s most important goals, and there is a major focus on this work in 
the organisation. The objective is that commercial customers shall develop in Balder’s properties and that their 
various needs in terms of the size of premises and geographical location shall be met over time. For residential 
customers, the objective is that they shall be happy in both their homes and in their residential area, and will 
live in Balder’s properties for a long time. Every other year a CSI (Customer Satisfaction Index) survey is 
conducted, the results of which form the basis of future activities and prioritisations. CSI surveys are also 
conducted among new occupants in completed projects. In addition to this, Balder has continuous dialogues 
with customers, for example in the form of regular meetings with tenants.  
Project Development 
As a large, long-term property owner, Balder develops both small projects involving individual properties as 
well as larger areas and city districts. Within the framework of property development there is both the new 
production of homes and premises and a large number of projects involving the renovation of existing 
properties. For Balder, it is important to control the whole value chain from land acquisition to the long-term 
management of completed projects. Development takes place in the form of long-term work in close 
collaboration with municipal authorities and other stakeholders. The development process extends over 
different phases and often takes several years. The company has built up a significant portfolio of building 
rights for the production of not only rental and tenant-owner’s apartments, but also commercial properties. In 
many areas, new homes are being built where Balder already owns properties, contributing to a densification 
of areas and an increased mix of housing, thus contributing towards sustainable and responsible urban 
development. In 2022, Balder completed about 2,000 homes and at year-end approximately 4,800 homes were 
under construction in Sweden, Denmark and Finland as well as a total of approximately 72,000 sq.m. of 
commercial properties.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Projects under construction 
The tables below shows a summary of projects under construction as at 31 December 2022, divided by projects 
for own management and properties for sale. 
PROJECTS FOR OWN MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Lettable 
area, sq.m. 
Number of 
apartments 
Estimated total 
Investment, SEKm 
Sweden 
113,109 
801 
4,410 
Denmark 
67,991 
872 
2,921 
Finland 
84,444 
2,431 
3,924 
Total 
265,544 
4,104 
11,255 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEVELOPMENT PROPERTIES FOR SALE 
 
 
Lettable 
area, sq.m. 
Number of 
apartments 
Estimated total 
Investment, SEKm 
Sweden 
48,640 
697 
3,030 
Total 
48,640 
697 
3,030 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Estimated total
Investment, %
Sweden, 39
Finland, 35
Denmark, 26
Estimated total
Investment, %
Sweden, 100
Sweden, 39 
Finland, 35 
Denmark, 26 
Sweden, 100

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Future projects Q1 2023-Q1 2024 
The tables below shows a summary of future projects.  
DEVELOPMENT PROPERTIES FOR SALE 
 
 
Lettable 
area, sq.m. 
Number of 
apartments 
Estimated total 
Investment, SEKm 
Sweden 
18,856 
326 
1,249 
Norway 
6,000 
100 
433 
Total 
24,856 
426 
1,682 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainability at Balder 
As a long-term property owner, Balder aims to be economically, socially and environmentally responsible, 
basing its operations on stable cash flows and satisfied customers and employees.  In order to achieve this, 
high demands are imposed internally, but also on Balder's external partners.    
During investments in existing or new properties, resource efficiency and social factors are considered, in order 
to contribute to the development of city districts and areas.  Through continually streamlining and improving 
working methods, negative environmental impacts can be minimised, for example through reduced energy and 
water use or lower quantities of waste.  
In addition, Balder aims to run its operations ethically.  Balder tries to ensure this through its internal steering 
documents such as its Code of Conduct, as well as other policies and protocols.  For example, as a property 
company, processes for letting, recruitment and the choice of suppliers are particularly important. Policies and 
procedures are intended to guide and ensure respectful and professional relations, while minimising risks such 
as discrimination and corruption. 
 
Sustainable development goals 
Balder has signed the Global Compact, the UN’s international principles for companies in the area of human 
rights, labour, the environment and anticorruption. The principles are based on the UN’s Universal Declaration 
of Human Rights, the ILO’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Rio Declaration 
and the UN’s Convention Against Corruption.  
Balder also strives to contribute to achieving the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals and has selected six of 
the 17 goals that are considered most relevant to the Company’s business activities and where Balder has the 
greatest opportunity to have an influence. 
 
Estimated total
Investment, %
Sweden, 74
Norway, 26
Sweden, 74 
Norway, 26

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Sustainability framework  
Balder’s framework for sustainability comprises five general elements that bring together the Company’s 
material topics in respect of social, environmental and economic sustainability. The elements – Properties, 
Areas, Partnerships, Co-workers and Finances – are briefly described below: 
 
Properties 
Balder’s largest environmental impact takes place through the properties’ energy consumption. This is the top 
priority from an environmental perspective, and Balder is working continuously to reduce energy consumption 
in its properties. All electricity purchased for the properties in Sweden is green electricity from renewable 
sources. Balder also owns wind farms, producing approximately 22,000 MWh yearly.  
Other measures implemented to reduce consumption include window replacements, supplementary insulation 
of façades, adjustment or replacement of ventilation units and the replacement of light fittings. Balder has also 
made good progress in the installation and use of smart technical control systems that improve both comfort 
and energy consumption. 
Balder has environmental certificates for some of its buildings, including Miljöbyggnad, BREEAM, LEED 
and DGNB, and several buildings are constructed according to Nearly zero-energy building (NZEB) standard. 
The goal is for all new constructions to meet the requirements of Miljöbyggnad Silver or equivalent 
certification. 
 
Areas 
For Balder, it is important to contribute to developing entire areas and city districts where it owns properties, 
and in doing so to create security and well-being among tenants. In order to increase security in the areas where 
it is present, Balder is involved in a number of different projects, often together with local actors such as 
municipal authorities, schools, the police, local associations and the local business community. The purpose is 
to work actively with integration, security and well-being in the city districts and areas where Balder owns 
properties. 
Examples include various kinds of projects with security patrols, neighbourhood partnerships and security 
staff, as well as activities of a more social nature such as communal barbecue evenings and cultivation projects. 
Every year Balder also hires a large number of young people as summer workers in the Company’s areas. 
 
Partnerships 
Social engagement is a natural element of Balder’s work and a way of contributing to sustainable development. 
To succeed with this, it requires a high level of engagement among employees, but also that the Company 
collaborates with municipal authorities and other actors. Balder also collaborates with different actors in order 
to increase employment by offering work placements and mentoring. These initiatives are often linked to 
specific areas, to support young adults who find themselves outside the labour market. 
 
Co-workers 
Balder’s employees contribute to continuously developing the Company. A precondition for this being possible 
is good working conditions that promote diversity, innovation and collaboration, while at the same time 
supporting the Company’s values. 
Balder must be an attractive employer, which demands that the Company has an ability to recruit and retain 
co-workers with the right competence. It is also crucial that these co-workers are happy and feel a sense of 
engagement with Balder and feel that they have an opportunity to develop within the Company. Balder works 
continuously to create the conditions to make this possible.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
Finances 
Balder aims to generate a good profit from property management through a high level of activity and efficient 
management. Having customers who are happy and stay in Balder’s properties is crucial for long-term financial 
sustainability. 
Balder secures financing that is sustainable in the long term through a diversified financing structure. Thanks 
to a strong cash flow, Balder has the opportunity for flexibility, for example in terms of choice of letting form 
and when construction starts. Good financing is founded on a stable income statement and a stable balance 
sheet. Balder also has a goal that net debt to total assets shall not exceed 50 per cent. over time.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
GROUP PROPERTY PORTFOLIO 
As at 31 December 2022, Balder owned 1,841 properties with a lettable area of 5,837,365 sq. m. and a value 
of SEK 217,353 million, including development properties.  Balder's total rental value (excluding development 
properties) amounted to SEK 12,025 million.  This includes properties owned by SATO, which was 
consolidated with Balder from 1 January 2016. 
In the following section, "South" includes the properties in Germany, United Kingdom and Malmö, "North" 
includes Norway, Karlstad, Sundsvall and Gävle and "East" includes Finland (excluding Helsinki) and the 
Eastern part of Sweden.  
The information included in this section “Group Property Portfolio” relating to Balder’s property portfolio has 
been extracted from the 2022 annual report of Fastighets AB Balder. 
Balder's real estate holding per region, as at 31 December 2022  
 
REGION 
Number of 
properties 
Lettable 
area (sq. 
m.) 
Rental 
value 
(MSE
K) 
Rental value 
(SEK/sq. m.) 
Rental 
income 
(MSEK) 
Economic 
occupancy 
rate (per 
cent.) 
Carrying 
amount(1) 
(MSEK) 
Carrying 
amount 
(per 
cent.) 
Helsinki 
742 1,286,469 
3,370 
2,620 
3,222 
96 
52,932 
24 
Stockholm 
92 
817,454 
1,839 
2,249 
1,751 
95 
34,267 
16 
Gothenburg 
192 1,132,600 
2,023 
1,786 
1,950 
96 
36,947 
17 
Copenhagen 
25 
340,868 
1,014 
2,974 
1,009 
100 
22,811 
10 
South 
86 
459,649 
810 
1,762 
772 
95 
12,901 
6 
East 
448 
896,827 
1,621 
1,807 
1,575 
97 
21,704 
10 
North 
256 
903,499 
1,350 
1,494 
1,289 
95 
20,061 
9 
Total 
excluding 
projects 
1,841 5,837,365 12,025 
2,060 
11,568 
96 
201,623 
93 
Projects for 
own 
management 
 
 
32 
 
32 
 
12,309 
6 
Total 
investment 
properties 
1,841 5,837,365 12,057 
2,060 
11,600 
96 
213,932 
98 
Development 
properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3,421 
2 
Total real 
estate portfolio 
1,841 5,837,365 12,057 
2,060 
11,600 
96 
217,353 
100 
(1) 
"Carrying amount" means the market value of the properties

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Balder's real estate holding per property category, as at 31 December 2022 
 
PROPERTY 
CATEGORY 
Number 
of 
properti
es 
Lettable 
area (sq. 
m.) 
Rental 
value 
(MSEK) 
Rental 
value 
(SEK/sq. 
m.) 
Rental 
income 
(MSEK) 
Economic 
occupancy 
rate (per 
cent.) 
Carrying 
amount 
(MSEK) 
Carrying 
amount (per 
cent.) 
Residential 
1,349 
2,902,326 
6,402 
2,206 
6,170 
96 
110,483 
51 
Office 
104 
679,174 
1,803 
2,654 
1,675 
93 
33,962 
16 
Retail 
141 
981,926 
1,586 
1,615 
1,549 
98 
20,227 
9 
Industrial/Logist
ics 
167 
689,911 
975 
1,414 
922 
95 
13,545 
6 
Other(1) 
80 
584,027 
1,260 
2,157 
1,251 
99 
23,406 
11 
Total 
1,841 
5,837,365 
12,025 
2,060 
11,568 
96 
201,623 
93 
Projects for own 
management 
 
 
32 
 
32 
 
12,309 
6 
Total investment 
properties 
1,841 
5,837,365 
12,057 
2,060 
11,600 
96 
213,932 
98 
Development 
properties 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3,421 
2 
Total real estate 
portfolio 
1,841 
5,837,365 
12,057 
2,060 
11,600 
96 
217,353 
100 
(1) Other property categories include hotels, education, nursing, industry and mixed used properties. 
Carrying amount (including projects) per region, as at 31 December 2022 (per cent.)  
 
The diagram above illustrates the distribution by region of the market value of the properties Balder owns, 
including its property development projects. 
Helsinki, 26
Gothenburg, 
19
Stockholm, 
17
Copenhagen, 
12
East, 10
North, 10
South, 6

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Carrying amount (including projects) per property category, as at 31 December 2022 (per cent.)  
 
The diagram above illustrates the distribution of Balder's properties by property category. 'Other' includes 
hotels, education, nursing, industry and mixed used properties. 
Strategy for Residential Properties  
In view of a shrinking transaction market for residential properties and lower yields, Balder has continued to 
pursue its strategy of development of existing properties and increased construction of new apartments in the 
longer term.  Balder's goal is to create new property developments with higher values and better yields than 
the existing transaction market can offer in the residential segment. 
In Gothenburg and Stockholm, among other cities in Sweden, work on new zoning plans is ongoing, and this 
will likely result in a broader supply of apartments.  Traditional apartment blocks will be mixed with other 
forms of housing, such as smaller terraced houses and tenant-owned apartments.  This will mean a more 
efficient use of existing land and that these areas become more attractive from a residential perspective. 
 
Key data for Residential properties as at 31 December 2022 
Number of properties 
1,349 
Lettable area (sq. m.  thousands) 
2,902 
Number of apartments 
48,000 
Rental value (MSEK) 
6,402 
Economic occupancy rate (per cent.) 
96 
Carrying amount (MSEK) 
110,483 
 
 
Residential, 57
Office, 16
Other, 12
Retail, 9
Industrial/Logistics, 7

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Residential properties distribution per region as at 31 December 2022 
Area 
Sq. m.  thousands 
per cent. 
Helsinki 
1,172 
40 
Stockholm 
206 
7 
Gothenburg 
347 
12 
Copenhagen 
296 
10 
South 
95 
3 
East 
507 
17 
North 
279 
10 
Total 
2,902 
100 
Strategy for Commercial Properties (Retail, Office and Other) 
Balder is focused on acquiring and maintaining commercial properties in capital cities.  The ongoing structural 
refinement of Balder's commercial property portfolio is a deliberate concentration strategy aimed at improving 
the quality and location of the properties.  Balder has an experienced in-house lettings department that lets 
vacant premises and finds solutions to premises issues for tenants.  As a result, Balder's economic occupancy 
rate for commercial properties was 96 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. 
The value of Balder's commercial property holdings in Stockholm's inner city as at 31 December 2022 
amounted to SEK 15 billion, which corresponds to 67 per cent. of the total value of its commercial properties 
in the region.  Balder's average value per sq. m. for centrally located office properties in Stockholm amounts 
to approximately SEK 88,000.  The equivalent figure in Gothenburg is SEK 16 billion, and SEK 4 billion in 
Malmö. 
 
Key data for Commercial properties as at 31 December 2022 
Number of properties 
492 
Lettable area (sq. m.  thousands) 
2,935 
Rental value (MSEK) 
5,624 
Economic occupancy rate (per cent.) 
96 
Carrying amount (MSEK) 
91,140

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Commercial properties distribution per region as at 31 December 2022 
Area 
Sq. m. thousands 
per cent. 
Helsinki 
114 
4 
Stockholm 
611 
21 
Gothenburg 
786 
27 
Copenhagen 
45 
2 
South 
365 
12 
East 
390 
13 
North 
624 
21 
Total 
2,935 
100 
Associated Companies 
Balder is co-owner of Associated Companies that manage properties, associated companies that are project 
developers and the bank, Collector. The Real Estate Companies (i.e. property managing associated companies) 
together own 591 investment properties and project properties. As at 31 December 2022 Balder’s share of the 
total carrying amounted to SEK 55,758 million of total lettable area to approximately 1,306,000 sq.m. and a 
total rental value of SEK 2,648 million. The largest Associated Companies are Entra ASA, Trenum AB, 
Fastighets AB Centur and Tulia AB, which are described in more detail below. 
Entra ASA 
Entra ASA is listed on the Oslo börs. As at 31 December 2022, Balder owned almost 40 per cent. of the 
company. Entra ASA owns and manages commercial properties in Norway. As at 31 December 2022, Entra 
ASA owned 91 investment properties with a value of NOK 73,974 million. The total lettable area amounted 
to 1,395,998 sq.m. and the occupancy rate was 96.5 per cent. As at 31 December 2022, rental income amounted 
to NOK 3,158 million. 
Trenum AB  
Trenum AB (Trenum) is a company that invests in residential properties in Sweden.  It is 50 per cent. owned 
by Balder, with the remaining 50 per cent. owned by AP3, the Third Swedish National Pension Fund.  Trenum's 
focus is mainly on investments in the new production of rental properties in Swedish growth regions.  In 
addition to Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö, growth areas with positive population trends are also in focus. 
Trenum owned 53 investment properties as at 31 December 2022 with a lettable area of 230,000 sq. m. and a 
rental value of SEK 454 million.  The carrying amount of the properties amounted to SEK 11,798 million.  The 
properties are located in the Stockholm, Gothenburg and Öresund regions. 
Fastighets AB Centur 
Fastighets AB Centur (Centur) is 50 per cent-owned by Balder (the remaining 50 per cent. is owned by Peab) 
and concentrates on property management, project development and property investments.  As at 31 December 
2022, Centur owned 37 investment properties with a lettable area of 331,000 sq. m. and a rental value of SEK

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
475 million.  The carrying amount of the properties amounted to SEK 7,796 million.  The properties are located 
in the Stockholm, Gothenburg and Öresund regions.  
Tulia AB  
Balder owns 50 per cent. of Tulia AB (Tulia).  The remaining 50 per cent. is owned by André Åkerlund AB. 
As at 31 December 2022, Tulia owned 47 properties in mainly central locations in Stockholm.  Tulia's total 
lettable area as at 31 December 2022 amounted to 116,000 sq. m. and the carrying amount of the properties 
totalled SEK 6,141 million, with a rental value amounting to SEK 311 million.  
Balder's participation in the property managing Associated Companies, real estate holdings and balance sheets 
as of 31 December 2022 are shown in the tables below. 
Balder's participation in the property managing Associated Companies' real estate holdings, as at 31 December 
2022  
Distributed 
by region 
Number of 
properties(1) 
Lettable 
area (sq. 
m.) 
Rental 
value 
(MSEK) 
Rental value 
(SEK/sq. m.) 
Rental 
income 
(MSEK) 
Economic 
occupancy 
rate (per 
cent.) 
Carrying 
amount 
(MSEK) 
Carrying 
amount 
(per cent.) 
Stockholm 
157 
213,838 
392 
1,834 
374 
95 
7,610 
14 
Gothenburg 
101 
225,442 
280 
1,244 
270 
96 
3,941 
7 
Öresund 
165 
154,569 
235 
1,518 
227 
97 
3,800 
7 
East 
70 
114,925 
160 
1,391 
157 
98 
2,506 
4 
Oslo 
59 
377,145 
1,081 
2,865 
1,031 
95 
24,193 
43 
Other Norway 
39 
219,798 
500 
2,273 
486 
97 
8,999 
16 
Total 
excluding 
projects 
591 
1,305,717 
2,648 
2,028 
2,544 
96 
51,049 
92 
Projects for 
own 
management 
 
 
0 
 
0 
 
4,708 
8 
Total real 
estate 
portfolio 
591 
1,305,717 
2,648 
2,028 
2,544 
96 
55,758 
100 
Distributed 
by property 
category 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Residential 
135 
176,007 
335 
1,903 
323 
96 
7,069 
13 
Office 
150 
693,067 
1,736 
2,505 
1,665 
96 
35,460 
64 
Retail 
75 
153,496 
206 
1,342 
198 
96 
2,854 
5 
Other 
231 
283,147 
370 
1,308 
357 
96 
5,667 
10 
Total 
excluding 
projects 
591 
1,305,717 
2,648 
2,028 
2,544 
96 
51,049 
92 
Projects for 
own 
management 
 
 
0 
 
0 
 
4,708 
8

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Total real 
estate 
portfolio 
591 
1,305,717 
2,648 
2,028 
2,544 
96 
55,758 
100 
12) Refers to the entire portfolio of the associated companies. 
 
Balder's participation in the balance sheets of the property managing Associated Companies, as at 31 
December 2021 and 2022 
MSEK 
 31 December 2021 
 31 December 2022 
Assets 
 
 
Properties 
44,409 
55,758 
Other assets 
1,526 
2,441 
Cash and cash equivalents 
458 
523 
Total assets 
46,393 
58,723 
Equity/shareholder loan 
21,506 
24,241 
Deferred tax liability 
4,184 
5,087 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
19,315 
27,799 
Other liabilities 
1,388 
1,596 
Total equity and liabilities 
46,393 
58,723 
Divestments 
While Balder has increased its holdings of residential properties through construction, a number of properties 
are divested every year.  Divestments are usually focused on cities where Balder does not have any local 
management, or where the property portfolio is too small to enable efficient management.   
Lease Structure 
Balder's property portfolio has a diversified structure, with a total of approximately 68,000 contracts that are 
balanced between commercial and residential tenants, as well as having a geographical spread.  In order to 
offset the risk of reduced rental income and a weak occupancy rate, Balder strives for long-term relationships 
with its existing tenants. 
Balder's ten largest individual leases represent 3.5 per cent. of its total rental income and the average lease 
term amounts to 10.1 years.  The average lease term for the entire commercial portfolio is 6.2 years.  
The spread of Balder's leases as at 31 December 2022 is shown in the table below.  Leases terminated as at 31 
December 2022 (or where termination will or is expected to take place) are recognised as leases maturing 
within one year.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Commercial Lease maturity structure as at 31 December 20227 
Maturity date 
Number of leases 
Proportion  
(per cent.) 
Contracted annual 
rent (MSEK) 
Proportion 
(per cent.) 
2023 
1,748 
36 
567 
5 
2024 
1,123 
23 
700 
6 
2025 
753 
16 
789 
7 
2026 
458 
9 
600 
5 
2027 and beyond 
755 
16 
2,870 
25 
Total 
4,837 
100 
5,525 
48 
 
 
 
Lease Property Type as at 31 December 20228 
Property Type 
Number of leases 
Proportion  
(per cent.) 
Contracted 
annual rent 
(MSEK) 
Proportion  
(per cent.) 
Residential 
45,297 
67 
5,945 
51 
Car park 
11,172 
17 
48 
0 
Garage 
6,303 
9 
82 
1 
Commercial 
4,837 
7 
5,525 
48 
Total 
67,609 
100 
11,600 
100 
 
                                                                          
7 Subject to rounding adjustments 
8 Subject to rounding adjustments

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
Financial operations at Balder are conducted in accordance with the targets that the Board decides upon 
annually as the Company's financial policy.  The targets are set in order to limit the financial risks that Balder 
is exposed to, namely interest, refinancing and liquidity risk.  The overall goals of Balder's financial policy 
are: 
 
to secure the supply of short-term and long-term capital;  
 
that the equity/assets ratio should not be less than 40 per cent. at any time;  
 
that the interest coverage ratio should not be less than 2.0 times;  
 
that the net debt/total assets ratio should not exceed 50 per cent; and 
 
that the net debt/EBITDA ratio should not exceed 11.0 times. 
 
The key ratio net debt/EBITDA is a new target which was introduced ahead of 2023. The key ratio shall be 
no more than 11.0 times over a period of time.  
57 per cent. of Balder's funding consists of capital markets financing and the remainder is comprised of bank 
financing with several different Nordic and European banks and state-subsidised loans (the latter being raised 
in Finland by SATO).  As at 31 December 2022, Balder had outstanding bonds totalling SEK 77,675 million 
and outstanding commercial paper totalling SEK 420 million.  
Balder's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to SEK 135,252 million as at 31 December 2022.  The secured 
liabilities in relation to total assets amounted to 18 per cent. as at 31 December 2022.  On the same date, the 
net debt to total assets ratio was 47.9 per cent. (the net debt to total assets ratio is calculated as net debt divided 
by total assets).  Balder's fixed credit term amounted to 5.7 years, the fixed interest term was 3.5 years and the 
average interest rate amounted to 2.1 per cent. (including interest rate derivatives). 
 
Balder's financial goals  
 
Goals 
Outcome 2022 
Outcome 2021 
Equity/assets (per cent.) 
40.0 
40.0 
40.4 
Interest coverage ratio (times) 
2.0 
4.7 
4.9 
Net Debt/Total Assets (per cent.) 50.0 
47.9 
47.4 
Net Debt/EBITDA (times)9 
11.0 
13.4 
12.9 
 
 
Key ratios  
2022 
2021 
Return on equity (per cent.) 
12.1 
27.3 
Return on total assets (per cent.) 
6.1 
11.6 
                                                                          
9 Financial goal applicable from 2023; historical outcomes provided for context.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Net debt to total assets (per cent.) 
47.9 
47.4 
Debt/equity ratio (times) 
1.3 
1.3 
Interest coverage ratio (times) 
4.7 
4.9 
Equity/assets ratio (per cent.) 
40.0 
40.4 
Average fixed credit term (years) 
5.7 
5.7 
Average interest rate refixing period (years) 
3.5 
3.6 
 
Fixed interest term, as at 31 December 2022 
 
Year 
MSEK 
Interest, per cent. 
Proportion, per cent. 
2023 
46,188 
3.0 
34 
2024 
4,573 
1.8 
3 
2025 
9,481 
1.9 
7 
2026 
14,451 
2.3 
11 
2027 
13,058 
1.4 
10 
2028 
8,589 
1.6 
6 
2029 
15,939 
1.3 
12 
2030 
8,281 
1.8 
6 
2031 
8,609 
1.7 
6 
2032 
2,804 
2.3 
2 
Bonds
57%
Commerical 
Paper
0.3%
Bank loans
42%

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Year 
MSEK 
Interest, per cent. 
Proportion, per cent. 
2033- 
3,279 
1.4 
2 
Total 
135,252 
2.1 
100 
Fixed credit term, as at 31 December 2022 
 
Year 
MSEK 
Proportion, per cent. 
2023 
16,327 
12 
2024 
15,745 
12 
2025 
16,814 
12 
2026 
18,562 
14 
2027 
15,822 
12 
2028 
9,363 
7 
2029 
7,756 
6 
2030 
8,475 
6 
2031 
6,941 
5 
2032 
329 
0 
2033- 
19,119 
14 
Total 
135,252 
100 
Credit Rating 
Balder has an investment grade rating from S&P of BBB (negative outlook). The rating reflects, among other 
things, the fact that Balder has a large property portfolio that is well-diversified in terms of both property types 
and geography, and that Balder has stable rental income supported by positive demographic and economic 
trends in operating locations, a high and stable occupancy rate and a solid interest coverage capacity. 
Recent Developments 
Since 31 March 2023 bonds (including all outstanding bonds maturing in 2023) in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to SEK 8.6 billion have been redeemed or repurchased.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
SHARE STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDERS 
Balder has approximately 29,000 shareholders and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large cap.  The Company 
has two different classes of shares: Class A shares and Class B shares. 
Balder's overall market capitalisation as at 31 December 2022 amounted to SEK 55,992 million.  As at 
31 December 2022, the share capital of the Company amounted to SEK 192,333,333 comprising 
1,154,000,000 shares.  Each share has a quota value of SEK 0.16667, of which 67,376,592 shares are Class A 
shares and 1,086,623,408 are Class B shares.  Balder has no repurchased shares, which means that the total 
number of outstanding shares amounts to 1,154,000,000.  Each Class A share carries one vote, and each Class 
B share carries one-tenth of one vote.   
The Class A shares are not listed, but the Class B shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, Large Cap.  The 
price of the Class B share was SEK 48.52 as at 31 December 2022, corresponding to a decrease of 55 per cent. 
since 31 December 2021.  As at 31 December 2022, the number of shareholders totalled 29,000.  The 
proportion of foreign shareholders decreased by three percentage points during 2022 and, as at 31 December 
2022, amounted to 27 per cent. of the total number of shareholders.  
Shareholders  
The majority shareholder of the Company is Erik Selin Fastigheter AB, which holds 34.1 per cent. of the 
capital and controls 47.8 per cent. of the voting rights.  Erik Selin Fastigheter AB is the holding company of 
the CEO, Erik Selin, who is also the founder of the Company. 
Other large shareholders include Arvid Svensson Invest AB and AMF Försäkring och fonder, and 44 per cent. 
of the capital is also held by the Board and the Senior Management team. 
The following table shows the largest shareholders in the Company as at 31 December 2022: 
 
Owner 
Class A shares 
Class B shares 
Total number of 
shares 
Capital  
(per 
cent.) 
Votes  
(per 
cent.) 
Erik Selin Fastigheter 
AB 
49,855,968 
343,265,400 
393,121,368 
34.1 
47.8 
Arvid Svensson Invest 
AB 
17,495,352 
81,255,240 
98,750,592 
8.6 
14.6 
AMF Försäkring och 
Fonder 
- 
80,155,650 
80,155,650 
6.9 
4.6 
Swedbank Robur 
Fonder 
- 
38,878,023 
38,878,023 
3.4 
2.2 
Länsförsäkringar 
fondförvaltning AB 
- 
35,807,885 
35,807,885 
3.1 
2.0 
Handelsbanken Fonder - 
29,763,763 
29,763,763 
2.6 
1.7 
SEB Investment 
Management 
- 
25,271,431 
25,271,431 
2.2 
1.4 
Lannebo Fonder 
- 
21,454,474 
21,454,474 
1.9 
1.2

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Owner 
Class A shares 
Class B shares 
Total number of 
shares 
Capital  
(per 
cent.) 
Votes  
(per 
cent.) 
CBNY – Norges Bank 
- 
13,135,014 
13,135,014 
1.1 
0.7 
Folksam 
- 
11,933,025 
11,933,025 
1.0 
0.7 
Other 
25,272 
405,703,503 
405,728,775 
35.2 
23.1 
Total 
67,376,592 
1,086,623,408 
1,154,000,000 
100 
100

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The Board of Directors is elected at the annual general meeting (AGM) and according to the articles of 
association shall consist of at least three and at most seven members. The members are elected at the AGM for 
the period until the end of the first AGM that is held after the members were elected. During 2022, the Board 
was composed of five members and is responsible for Balder’s organisation and administration. The rules of 
the Swedish Companies Act apply to resolutions of the Board, to the effect that more than half of the members 
present and more than one third of the total number of members must vote for resolutions. The Chairman has 
the casting vote if there is no majority. 
The Board’s work is governed by the Swedish Companies Act, the articles of association, the Swedish 
Corporate Governance Code (the Code) and the formal work plan that the Board has adopted for its work. 
Balder’s Board of Directors is composed of persons who possess broad experience and competence from the 
property sector, business development, sustainability issues and financing. Most of the Board members have 
experience of board work from other listed companies. Both of the major owners Erik Selin Fastigheter AB 
and Arvid Svensson Invest AB are represented on the Board through Erik Selin and Fredrik Svensson.     
The Board's duties and responsibilities  
The Board’s overriding duty is to manage the affairs of the Company on behalf of the owners so that the 
owners’ interest in a good long-term return on capital is satisfied in the best possible way. The Board has 
responsibility for ensuring that the Company’s organisation is appropriate and that the operations are 
conducted in accordance with the articles of association, the Companies Act and other applicable laws and 
regulations and the formal work plan of the Board.  Balder’s Board is also ultimately responsible for the 
Company’s sustainability work. The Board shall perform the board work collectively under the leadership of 
the Chairman. The Board shall also ensure that the CEO fulfils his duties in accordance with the Board’s 
guidelines and directions. These may be found in the instructions to the CEO drawn up by the Board. The 
Board members shall not be responsible for different lines of business or functions. Matters relating to 
compensation and remuneration for the CEO are prepared by the Chairman and presented to the rest of the 
Board prior to decision. 
The Board’s duties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
establishing business plans, strategies, significant policies and goals for the Company and the Group 
that the Company is parent Company of, 
 
determining the Company’s and Group’s overall organisation, 
 
appointing and dismissing the CEO, 
 
ensuring that there is a functioning reporting system, 
 
ensuring that there is satisfactory control of the Company’s and Group’s compliance with laws and 
other regulations that apply to the operations, 
 
approving a new formal work plan and instruction to the CEO annually, 
 
approving financial reporting in the form of interim reports, year-end reports and annual accounts that 
the Company must publish, 
 
together with the CEO, annually approving Balder’s sustainability report and ensuring that it is 
established in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act, 
 
ensuring that the Company has a functioning approvals list and approvals process,

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
approving necessary guidelines for the Company’s conduct in society with the aim of ensuring long-
term value creation and a sustainability perspective, 
 
ensuring that the Company has an appropriate system for follow-up and control of the risks associated 
with the Company and its operations. 
The formal work plan of the Board of Directors 
The Board adopts a formal work plan for the Board's work each year.  This formal work plan describes the 
duties of the Board and the division of responsibilities between the Board and the CEO.  The formal work plan 
also describes what matters shall be dealt with at each board meeting and instructions regarding financial 
reporting to the Board.  The formal work plan also prescribes that the Board shall have an audit committee and 
a remuneration committee.  The Chairman of the Board shall serve as the chairman of the committees. 
Board meetings 
The Board shall, in addition to the statutory meeting, hold Board meetings on at least four occasions annually. 
The CEO and/or the Director of Economy shall, as a general rule, present a report to the Board. The Company’s 
employees, auditor or other external consultants shall be called in to board meetings in order to participate and 
report on matters as required. The Board is quorate if more than half of the Board members are present. The 
Chairman has the casting vote in the event that there is no clear majority. 
Board Members 
Christina Rogestam 
Born 1943.  Chairperson of the Board since 2006. 
Education and experience:  Bachelor of Arts, Social studies. Previously President and CEO of Akademiska 
Hus AB. 
Shareholding in Balder: 90,000 Class B shares and 18,000 unconfirmed class of shares via an undisclosed 
company. 
Anders Wennergren 
Born 1956. Board member since 2009. 
Education and experience:  Bachelor of Laws. Lawyer and partner at Norma Law, Board member at several 
companies in the BRA Bygg AB Group. 
Shareholding in Balder: 1,260,000 class B shares via Bassholmen AB. 
Sten Dunér 
Born 1951. Board member since 2007. 
Education and experience:  Bachelor of Science (Econ.).  Chairman of the Board at Länsförsäkringar Liv. 
Board member at Garbo and Humlegården. Shareholding in Balder: None. 
Fredrik Svensson 
Born 1961. Board member since 2005.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Education and experience: Bachelor of Science (Econ.), Chairman of the Board at Arvid Svensson Invest 
AB, board member of SBB Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget. 
Shareholding in Balder: 17,495,352 Class A shares and 81,255,240 Class B shares via Arvid Svensson Invest 
AB. 
Erik Selin 
Born 1967. Board member since 2005. CEO since 2005.  
Education and experience: Business school economist, CEO of Fastighets AB Balder, Chairman of the Board 
at Brinova Fastigheter AB, K-fast Holding AB, SLP Swedish Logistic Property AB and Collector Bank AB, 
board member at Hexatronic Group AB, I.A. Hedin Mobility Group AB and Neudi & Co AB. 
Shareholding in Balder: 63,000 Class B shares privately held, 49,855,968 Class A shares and 343,202,400 
Class B shares via Erik Selin Fastigheter AB. 
CEO and Management 
The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day administration pursuant to the guidelines and policies determined 
by the Board.  The CEO shall report on Balder's development to the Board and prepare the order of business 
at Board meetings according to an approved agenda.  The CEO shall ensure that the required material is 
compiled and distributed to the Board members prior to board meetings.  
The Management team normally meets once every month with a standing agenda, including property 
transactions, finance and general management issues.  Group Management consists of five persons and 
includes resources such as the CEO, CFO, management and HR. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Management Group consists of the following persons: 
 
Name 
Year of 
birth 
Position 
Erik Selin ............................ 
1967 
CEO 
Sharam Rahi ....................... 
1973 
Vice CEO 
Eva Sigurgeirsdottir………. 1974 
Director of Economy 
Ewa Wassberg……………… 
1980 
CFO 
Petra Sprangers .................. 
1965 
Head of Personnel and Administration 
CEO
IT & 
Administration
Economy & 
Finance
Property 
management
Region Helsinki
Region 
Stockholm
Region 
Gothenburg
Region 
Copenhagen
Region South
Region East
Region North
Business & 
Project 
development
Vice CEO

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Board Committees 
The Board of Directors has established two permanent committees, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration 
Committee. 
Remuneration Committee 
The remuneration committee has a preparatory function in relation to the Board in questions regarding 
principles for remuneration and other terms of employment for the CEO and other senior executives. The 
remuneration committee shall monitor and evaluate the application of the guidelines for remuneration and 
levels of compensation to senior executives that the AGM has determined and shall also draw up proposals for 
new guidelines for principles of remuneration and other terms of employment. Before the resolution of the 
AGM, at least every four years the Board shall propose new principles for remuneration and other terms of 
employment for the CEO and other senior executives. Based on the resolution of the AGM, it is the duty of 
the remuneration committee to decide on remuneration to the CEO and other officers. The Board shall be 
entitled to deviate from the guidelines if there are special reasons in an individual case to justify this. The 
remuneration committee is composed of all independent Board members and shall meet at least once every 
year.  
Audit Committee 
The audit committee shall be responsible for preparing the Board’s work by quality-assuring the Company’s 
financial reporting, assisting the nomination committee in drawing up proposals for auditors and their fees and 
ensuring a qualified independent audit of the Company. 
The audit committee shall meet the Company’s auditor at least once per calendar year and have the opportunity 
to meet with the auditors without any members of Company management being present. During 2022, the 
audit committee, which was composed of all independent Board members, met the Company’s auditor on one 
occasion and received an audit plan for 2022 and a report on the audit performed. 
Business Address 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors, the Chairperson and CEO and the Senior 
Management Group is Parkgatan 49, Box 531 21, 400 15 Gothenburg, Sweden. 
Absence of Conflicts of Interest 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management Group, the Chairperson and CEO do not have 
any conflicts of interest between their duties relating to the Company and their private interests and/or their 
other duties. 
Corporate Governance 
Corporate governance in Swedish listed companies is governed by a combination of written rules and practice, 
by which the owners directly and indirectly control the Company. The rules and regulations have been 
developed through legislation, recommendations, the Code and through self-regulation. 
The Code is based on the principle of “comply or explain”, which means that all rules do not always have to 
be complied with if there is a reason for not complying, and it is explained. Some of the Code’s principles exist 
to create a good basis for exercising an active and responsible ownership role and to create a well-adjusted

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
balance of power between owners, the Board and the executive management, which Balder views as a natural 
part of the principles for its operations. The Code also means that certain information should be made available 
on Balder’s website. 
The Code is administered by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board and is available on 
www.bolagsstyrning.se, where the Swedish model for corporate governance is also described. Balder applies 
the Code, which is intended to serve as part of the self-regulation within the Swedish business community. In 
the view of the Board, there are no deviations to report or explain. 
Articles of Association 
The Company’s name is Fastighets AB Balder and the Company is a public company (publ). Balder’s 
registered office is in Gothenburg. The Company’s purpose shall be directly or indirectly, through wholly-
owned or part-owned companies, to acquire, manage, own and divest real property and securities, and to 
conduct other associated activities. 
The articles of association, which are available on Balder’s website, contain, among other things, information 
regarding share capital, number of shares, class of shares and preferential rights, number of Board members 
and auditors as well as provisions regarding notice and agenda for the annual general meeting. 
Annual General Meeting 
The AGM is the Company’s highest decision-making body in which the shareholders exercise their rights to 
decide on the affairs of the Company. The Board and auditors of the Company are elected by the AGM 
according to the proposal of the nomination committee. The annual AGM also passes resolutions, including 
on amendments of the articles of association, on change of the share capital and decides on the Company’s 
distribution of profits and discharge from liability for the Board and the CEO. 
To participate in passing resolutions, the shareholder must be present at the meeting, either personally or by 
proxy. In addition, the shareholder must be registered in the share register on a certain date prior to the meeting 
and notification of participation must be given to the Company within a certain determined period. 
Shareholders who wish to have a special matter dealt with at the AGM can normally request this if the request 
is made in good time to Balder’s Board of Directors prior to the meeting. 
Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting is given through the Official Swedish Gazette (Post-och Inrikes 
Tidningar) and on Balder’s website. It shall also be announced in Svenska Dagbladet that notice has been 
given. 
Resolutions at the general meeting are normally passed by a simple majority. In certain questions, the Swedish 
Companies Act prescribes that proposals must be approved by a larger proportion of the shares represented 
and cast at the meeting. 
Nomination Committee 
The AGM passes resolutions on the procedure for election of the Board and, when applicable, auditors. The 
2022 AGM resolved that a nomination committee should be established before the 2023 AGM in order to 
submit proposals on the number of Board members, election of Board members including the Chairman of the 
Board and election of auditors and remuneration for Board members as well as for auditors. The nomination 
committee’s proposals shall be announced no later than in conjunction with the notice convening the AGM. 
Shareholders are given the opportunity to submit nomination proposals to the nomination committee. 
The 2022 AGM adopted the nomination committee’s proposal that the nomination committee should be 
composed of one representative for each of the two largest shareholders or ownership spheres in addition to 
Lars Rasin, who represents the other shareholders. The chairman of the nomination committee shall be Lars

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Rasin. The names of the other two members and the owners they represent shall be announced no later than 
six months before the AGM. The nomination committee’s term of office extends until a new nomination 
committee has been appointed. If Lars Rasin resigns as chairman of the nomination committee, the Company’s 
Chairman shall appoint a new chairman of the nomination committee until the next general meeting of the 
Company. 
The nomination committee ahead of the 2023 AGM is composed of Jesper Mårtensson, representing Erik Selin 
Fastigheter AB, Rikard Svensson, representing Arvid Svensson Invest AB, and chairman Lars Rasin. 
Disqualification 
Board members or the CEO may not deal with issues concerning agreements between themselves and the 
Company or Group. Nor may they deal with issues regarding agreements between the Company and a third 
party, if they have a material interest that can conflict with that of the Company. Lawsuits or other actions are 
on a par with the agreements referred to above. Where applicable, it is incumbent on the Board member or 
CEO to disclose if a disqualification situation would arise. 
Litigation 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Balder is not currently engaged in any material ongoing disputes or 
litigation. 
Related Party Transactions  
During 2022, Erik Selin Fastigheter AB purchased property-related administrative services from Balder for 
SEK 5 million. Balder has purchased services from the law firm Norma Law for SEK 0 million10, where the 
board member Anders Wennergren is partner. During the year, construction services were purchased from 
Tommy Byggare AB to the order of SEK 118 million, which is a related company to Erik Selin Fastigheter 
AB. The services were priced based on competitive market conditions. 
Balder also performed property-related administrative services on behalf of its subsidiaries amounting to SEK 
380 million.  Balder functions as an internal bank.  As at 31 December 2022, receivables from subsidiaries 
amounted to SEK 92,204 million. The price for the administrative and financial services provided was based 
on competitive market conditions.  
In addition to the related party transactions described above, Balder also has shares in the Associated 
Companies. During 2022, the Associated Companies purchased management and administrative services for 
their organisations from Balder.  Balder also purchased services from Collector AB (publ).  Net receivables 
from the Associated Companies amounted to SEK 2,924 million as at 31 December 2022.  The price for the 
administrative and financial services provided was based on competitive market conditions. 
                                                                          
10 The value of services purchased is less than SEK 0.5 million which is rounded to SEK 0 million, as per the 2022 annual report of Fastighets AB 
Balder.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
Financial 
Return on equity (per cent.) 
Profit after tax in relation to average shareholders' equity.  The profit was converted to a full-year basis in the 
interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in the operations and with 
the exception of changes in value. 
Return on total assets (per cent.) 
Profit before tax with addition of net financial items in relation to average total assets. The profit was converted 
to a full-year basis in the interim accounts without taking account of seasonal variations that normally arise in 
the operations, with the exception of changes in value. 
Net debt to total assets (per cent.) 
Net debt in relation to total assets.  
EBITDA 
Profit from property management plus the net profit from the sale of development properties with reversal of 
net financial items. EBITDA has been converted to a full-year basis in the interim accounts, with the exception 
of the net profit from the sale of development properties. 
Profit from property management (SEKm) 
Net profit including changes in value and tax in associated companies, with reversal of change in value and 
tax in participations in profit from associated companies. When estimating the Profit from property 
management, attributable to the parent Company’s shareholders, the profit from property management is also 
reduced by the participation of non-controlling interests. 
Hybrid capital 
A bond with a maturity of 60 years. The bond is recognised as an interest-bearing liability, but is treated by 
the rating agencies as 50% equity. 
Net debt (SEKm) 
Interest-bearing liabilities decreased by cash and cash equivalents, financial investments and 50 per cent. of 
Hybrid capital which is treated as 50 per cent. equity by the rating agencies.  
Net debt/EBITDA, times 
Average net debt in relation to EBITDA.  
Interest coverage ratio (times) 
Net profit including changes in value and tax in associated companies with reversal of net financial items, 
excluding ground rent and changes in value of financial investments and changes in value and tax in 
participations in profits from associated companies, in relation to net financial items excluding ground rent 
and changes in value of financial investments.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Debt/equity ratio (times) 
Interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 50 per cent. of hybrid capital, in relation to equity. 
Equity/assets ratio (per cent.) 
Equity including non-controlling interests plus 50% of hybrid capital in relation to the balance sheet total at 
the year-end. 
Share-related 
Equity per share (SEK) 
Equity attributable to the parent company’s shareholders in relation to the number of outstanding shares at 
year-end. 
Profit from property management per share (SEK) 
Profit from property management attributable to the parent company shareholders divided by the average 
number of outstanding shares. 
Average number of shares 
The number of outstanding shares at the start of the year, adjusted by the number of shares issued during the 
year weighted by the number of days that the shares have been outstanding in relation to the total number of 
days during the year. 
Long-term net asset value per share (NAV) (SEK) 
Equity attributable to the parent company’s shareholders per share with reversal of interest rate derivatives and 
deferred tax according to balance sheet.  
Profit after tax per share (SEK) 
Profit attributable to the parent company’s shareholders in relation to the average number of shares. 
Property-related 
Yield (per cent.) 
Estimated net operating income on an annual basis in relation to the fair value of the properties at year-end. 
Net operating income (SEKm) 
Rental income less property costs. 
Economic occupancy rate (per cent.) 
Contracted rent for leases which are running at year-end in relation to rental value. 
Development properties 
Refers to properties constructed with the intention of being sold after completion.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Property portfolio 
Refers to both investment properties and development properties. 
Property category 
Classified according to the principal use of the property.  The breakdown is made into office, retail, residential, 
industrial/logistics and other properties.  Other properties include hotel, educational, care, warehouse and 
mixed-use properties.  The property category is determined by what the largest part of the property is used for. 
Property costs (SEKm) 
This item includes direct property costs, such as operating expenses, media expenses, maintenance and 
property tax. 
Investment properties 
Refers to properties that are held with the objective of generating rental income or an increase in value or a 
combination of these. 
Rental value (SEKm) 
Contracted rent and estimated market rent for vacant premises. 
Surplus ratio (per cent.) 
Net operating income in relation to rental income.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor’s state and of the Issuers’ state of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the securities.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes in certain countries.  
It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax 
laws of those countries.  This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus 
and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal 
of Notes.  The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is intended to provide general information only.  The summary is not exhaustive and does thus not address all 
potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice.  In particular, the summary does not address 
the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest.  Specific tax consequences may 
be applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, 
not described below.  In addition, the summary does not address Notes that are held on an "investment savings 
account" (investeringssparkonto) or through a "capital insurance" (kapitalförsäkring).  Investors should 
consult their professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the 
applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their 
particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no and has not had any connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden and which does not carry out 
any business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden.   
Payments of any principal amount under a Note or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that 
such holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the 
Notes are attributable.  Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal 
amounts under Notes or interest to a non-resident holder of Notes.   
Notwithstanding the above, a private individual may be liable to pay taxes in Sweden on a limited basis even 
if he/she is not resident in Sweden, providing that he/she has been resident in Sweden or has lived permanently 
in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of, or the ten calendar years preceding, a disposal or redemption 
of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular financial instrument for 
Swedish income tax purposes.  This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between Sweden and 
other countries.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes and thereby liable to pay taxes on an unlimited basis, ie on all income regardless of source, or 
(b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden.   
Generally, all capital income (eg amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and 
capital gains on Notes) obtained by individuals (and estates by of deceased individuals) resident in Sweden for 
tax purposes will be taxable at a rate of 30 per cent.   
Limited liability companies and other legal entities (except partnerships and estates of deceased persons) are 
normally taxed on all income (including income from the disposal of the Notes) as income from business 
operations at a flat rate of 20.6 per cent. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal amounts under Notes or interest.  
However, if amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to an individual (or 
an estate of a deceased person) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is 
normally withheld on such payments at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Finnish taxation 
The following summary is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, 
and is subject to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The following 
summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Finnish tax law considerations that could 
be relevant for holders of the Notes and does not take into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other 
than Finland. This summary addresses neither Finnish gift nor inheritance tax consequences. Prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own professional tax advisors as to the tax consequences relating to 
investments in the Notes.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments made by Fastighets AB Balder under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction 
for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied withheld or assessed by Finland. 
All payments made by Balder Finland Oyj under the Notes to other than Finnish resident individuals may be 
made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied withheld or assessed 
by Finland. 
Finnish Resident Individuals 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a resident individual or an undistributed estate of a deceased 
Finnish resident, such interest is subject to advance withholding tax in accordance with the Finnish 
Withholding Tax Act (20.12.1996/1118, as amended) and final taxation as capital income in accordance with 
the Finnish Income Tax Act (30.12.1992/1535, as amended) (the Finnish Income Tax Act). The current 
withholding tax rate is 30 per cent. The advance tax withheld by the company is credited against the final tax 
payable by the recipient of interest paid on the Notes. The final capital income tax rate is 30 per cent (34 per 
cent of the capital income exceeding EUR 30,000). 
A tax at source, in accordance with the Finnish Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income (1341/1990, as 
amended), has to be withheld from the interest paid to a resident individual or an undistributed estate of 
deceased Finnish resident, unless otherwise indicated below. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the 
amount of interest paid. The Finnish Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, inter alia, if a 
prospectus does not have to be prepared with respect to the Notes due to (i) the Notes being provided to 
qualified investors only, (ii) the offer being addressed in each country belonging to the EEA to a maximum

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
number of under 150 investors who are not qualified investors, or (iii) the Notes not being offered for a 
consideration of less than EUR 100,000 per investor and for each separate offer or in denomination of less 
than EUR 100,000 per unit. 
If the Notes are disposed of during the loan period, any capital gain received is taxed as capital income at a 
flat rate of 30 per cent (34 per cent of the capital income exceeding EUR 30,000). Capital losses are deductible 
from all capital income. If the losses cannot be deducted from capital gains and/or other capital income incurred 
during the loss year, the undeducted portion would be used as the basis for confirming the capital losses for 
that tax year, and those confirmed losses would be deductible from capital gains and other capital income for 
the next five years.  
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return.  
Finnish Resident Corporations 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a corporation residing in Finland as further defined in the Finnish 
Income Tax Act, such interest is not subject to any preliminary withholding. The interest is subject to final 
taxation of the recipient in accordance with the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (24.6.1968/360, as amended). 
The current rate of corporate income tax is 20 per cent.   
Capital gains are currently taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent. Generally, a capital loss is deductible from the 
resident corporations’ income arising in the same year and during the following ten fiscal years.  
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return.  
Non-Residents 
Non-residents are not subject to taxation in Finland under the Notes. 
The interest paid to an individual or a corporation not residing in Finland may be subject to tax regulations in 
their state of residence. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, the transfer tax amounting 1.6 per cent is payable on transfers or sales of the securities. However, 
the Notes are not classified as securities within the meaning of the Finnish Transfer Tax Act (29.11.1996/931, 
as amended) and, thus, transfer tax is not payable, provided that the yield of the Note is not determined by the 
profit of the Issuer or by the amount of dividend or otherwise entitles to the share of annual profit or surplus 
of the Issuer.  
No transfer tax is payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other multi-lateral trading facility. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a participating Member State).  However, Estonia has ceased 
to participate.  
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined in FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements.  The Issuers may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
including the Kingdom of Sweden have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payment" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that 
are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign 
passthru payments" are published generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, 
if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and 
are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by each of the Issuers to any one or more of the Dealers.  The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the relevant Issuer to, and subscribed by, 
Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 30 June 2022 (the Dealer Agreement) 
and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and a single 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the relevant Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and 
any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be).  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the relevant 
Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms 
as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and 
the names of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that 
Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also 
been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be). 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or 
do not meet their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such 
Notes may not be completed and investors will have no rights against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this 
provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, EU 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the EU Prospectus 
Regulation); 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of 
the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors:  If the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does 
not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in 
the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the 
relevant Issuer; 
 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Norway 
The Notes have not been registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary (the VPS).  Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner within Norway or in any other circumstance which would require 
the Notes to be registered with the VPS pursuant to Norwegian law and regulations.  In addition, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and guidelines applicable to the offering of 
Notes within Norway or to or for the account or benefit of persons domiciled in Norway. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (a) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been approved 
by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and such 
competent authority has certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the Base Prospectus has been 
approved with respect to the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act; 
or (b) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Trading Act. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not underwrite the issue of, or offer, sell advertise or otherwise 
market or place the Notes, in the Republic of Finland otherwise than in conformity with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of the Republic of Finland and especially in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (in Finnish arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) 
as well as the regulations issued pursuant thereto and that the Notes will not and may not be offered, sold, 
advertised or otherwise marketed in Finland under circumstances that would constitute an offer of the Notes 
to the public under the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Finnish Securities Markets Act and that any offers 
of the Notes in Finland will only be made in accordance with the restrictions and qualifications as set forth 
above in “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person 
(as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the 
laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, 
offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused 
to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 
28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for 
purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers.  Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fastighets 
AB Balder passed on 28 June 2023 and a resolution of the Board of Directors of Balder Finland Oyj 
passed on 28 June 2023. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time 
to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes and the giving of the Guarantee of the Notes.  
2. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware, which may have, or have 
had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Group.  
3. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Fastighets AB Balder since 31 
December 2022 and nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or performance 
of Fastighets AB Balder or the Group since 31 March 2023. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Balder Finland Oyj since 31 December 
2022 and there has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of Balder 
Finland Oyj since 31 December 2022.  
4. 
Auditors 
The financial statements of Fastighets AB Balder have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 by Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC), 
chartered accountants and members of the Swedish Organisation of Certified Public Accountants 
(Foreningen for Auktoriserade Revisorer, or FAR) and the Swedish Organisation of Auditors (Svenska 
Revisorsamfundet or SRS).  
The financial statements of Balder Finland Oyj have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, with Mr. Panu 
Vänskä, 
Authorised 
Public 
Accountant, 
as 
the 
auditor 
with 
principal 
responsibility. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy is an audit firm approved and supervised by the Finnish Patent and 
Registration Office (PRH), Audit Oversight Unit. Mr. Panu Vänskä is registered in the auditor register 
in accordance with Chapter 6 Section 9 in the Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended). 
5. 
Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing Services Ltd is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in relation 
to Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
6. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents are available for viewing at Fastighets AB Balder's website 
(https://en.balder.se/investor-relations/prospectuses) for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuers and the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(d) 
the Programme Manual; and 
(e) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreements.  
7. 
Material Contracts 
No contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been entered 
into by the Issuers that are, or may be, material or contain provisions under which the Issuers or any 
member of the Group has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of 
the Issuers to meet their obligations in respect of the Notes. 
8. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN, FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (as updated, as set 
out on the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN, CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The 
relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes 
for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
9. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of FSMA by the relevant Issuer. 
10. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of 
the relevant Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of different Tranches of a 
Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the 
Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in 
respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifiers 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Fastighets AB Balder is 549300GHKJCEZOAEUU82 and 
the LEI of Balder Finland Oyj is 5493007P4MCJM21IB748. 
12. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuers, the Guarantor and their 
affiliates from time to time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the 
Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuers, 
the Guarantor and their affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the 
future engage in investment banking, commercial banking, financial or other advisory transactions 
with the Issuers, the Guarantor or their affiliates. 
13. 
Group Websites 
The website of the Issuers and the Guarantor is https://www.balder.se/. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on these websites does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
14. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers and the Guarantor shall have no obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS 
Fastighets AB Balder 
Parkgatan 49 
Box 53 121 
400 15 Göteborg 
Sweden 
Balder Finland Oyj 
c/o Navigator Partners Oy 
Skillnadsgatan 11 A 20 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
GUARANTOR 
Fastighets AB Balder 
Parkgatan 49 
Box 53 121 
400 15 Göteborg 
Sweden 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V  
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK-1780 
Copenhagen V 
Denmark  
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Fastighets AB Balder as to 
Swedish law: 
To Fastighets AB Balder as to 
English law: 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB 
Sturegatan 10 
P.O. Box 1050 
SE-101 39 Stockholm 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
E1 6AD London 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
To Balder Finland Oyj as to 
Finnish law: 
 
 
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys 
Ltd  
PO Box 233 (Eteläesplanadi 14) 
FI-00131 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
AUDITORS 
To Fastighets AB Balder 
Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) 
Skånegatan 1 
405 32 Göteberg 
Sweden 
 
To Balder Finland Oyj 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Ltd 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland