--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.P.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws of the Republic of Italy and registered at the 
Companies' Registry of Sondrio under registration number 00053810149) 
Euro 5,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments 
of interest and principal by 
POPSO COVERED BOND S.R.L. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy and registered at the Companies' 
Registry of Treviso-Belluno under registration number 04620230260) 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have the 
meaning given to them in the section entitled "Glossary". 
Under this Euro 5,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the "Programme"), Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio S.p.A. ("BPS" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie 
garantite) (the "Covered Bonds") in accordance with Title 1-bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, 
as amended from time to time (the “Securitisation and Covered Bond Law”) which has implemented 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 29 November 2019 establishing a common framework for covered bonds 
and the supervisory guidelines of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) (as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, including on 30 March 2023, the “Bank of Italy Regulations”). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
herein). POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") has guaranteed payments of interest and principal 
under the Covered Bonds pursuant to a guarantee (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") which is 
collateralised by a pool of assets (the "Cover Pool") made up of a portfolio of mortgage loans assigned 
to the Guarantor by the Seller and certain other assets held by the Guarantor, including funds 
generated by the portfolio and such assets, pursuant to Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law and regulated by the Bank of Italy Regulations. Recourse against the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee is limited to the Cover Pool. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF), which is the competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as a base prospectus for the purpose of article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or of the quality of the 
Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the 
economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), which constitute a 
replacement of the Base Prospectus dated 1 August 2023, is valid for 12 months from its date in 
relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration on 22

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
December 2024.  
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which 
is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. The Programme also permits Covered 
Bonds to be issued on the basis that (i) they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed with the Issuer or (ii) they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See the section 
entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain risks and other factors to be 
considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form and will be held on behalf of their ultimate 
owners by Euronext Securities Milan whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No.6, 
Italy, (“Euronext Securities Milan”) for the account of the relevant Euronext Securities Milan account 
holders. Euronext Securities Milan will also act as depository for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg 
(“Clearstream”). The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book 
entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries in accordance with the 
provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the 
“Financial Law Consolidated Act”) and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 
2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in 
dematerialised form. Each Series or Tranche may, on or after the relevant issue, be assigned a rating 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by any rating agency which may be appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the 
Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time provides ratings in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds. Where a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or 
not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) treated as having been 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended from time to time, the “CRA 
Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) (or is 
endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) is obliged to 
maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list 
of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation).  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be revised or 
withdrawn by any or all of the Rating Agencies and each rating shall be evaluated independently of any 
other. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will mature on the date mentioned in the applicable Final 
Terms (each a “Maturity Date”). Before the relevant Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds of each Series or 
Tranche will be subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in certain 
circumstances (as set out in the Conditions (as defined below)).  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds (where relevant) may be calculated by reference to 
the euro interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR, is included 
in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). 
The language of the base prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to 
them under applicable law. 
 
 
Arrangers for the 
Programme 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BANCA FINANZIARIA 
INTERNAZIONALE S.P.A. 
 
 
 
 
Dealer for the 
Programme 
 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 December 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect the importance of such information. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the 
sections headed “The Guarantor” and any other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating 
to itself. To the best knowledge of the Guarantor, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the importance of such information. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered 
Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and of the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto and 
with any document incorporated herein by reference (see section “Information incorporated by 
reference”). Full information on the Issuer and any Series of Covered Bonds is only available on the 
basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.The 
investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) it can legally invest in Covered Bonds (ii) Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and "repurchase" arrangements and (iii) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this 
Base Prospectus in which they are used. For the ease of reading this Base Prospectus, the “Glossary” 
below indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each capitalised term is first defined. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information with regard to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the 
Programme and the issue and offering of Covered Bonds thereunder; that the information contained 
herein is accurate in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions 
expressed by it herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other 
facts with respect to the Issuer, the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or 
any statement therein or opinions or intentions expressed therein misleading in any material respect; 
and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the BPS Group are either derived from, or are

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In respect of information in 
this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external 
sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such 
sources. No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information which 
is not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in 
the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any party to the Programme Documents (as defined in the 
Conditions).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its date of approval and it and any 
supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms filed within these twelve months reflects the status as of 
their respective dates of issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as 
an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent 
to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete and 
has further agreed with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is 
noted between the time when this Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on a regulated market begins, in respect of Covered Bonds issued 
on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with 
exception of the Issuer and the Guarantor, is responsible for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement thereof, or any Final 
Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent 
permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for 
the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers have not verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers or the Arrangers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of 
Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds, see section “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the Covered 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States of America or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) 
constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered 
Bonds, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in 
any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Where a claim relating to the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member State, the plaintiff may, under the national 
legislation of the Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating 
the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at 
the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the 
currency of the Unites States of America; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the 
United Kingdom; reference to “Japanese Yen” is to the currency of Japan; reference to “Swiss Franc” or 
“CHF” are to the currency of the Swiss Confederation; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; 
references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; 
and references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been 
subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the 
purchase of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described 
in this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its 
compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
With respect to the Programme, the Arrangers are acting exclusively in favour of the Issuer and will not 
be responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of 
the Arrangers or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series under the Programme, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the “Stabilising Manager”) or

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
any person acting for the Stabilising Manager may over-allot any such Series or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price such Series at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising Manager 
(or any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to do this and there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the Covered Bonds is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Series and 60 days after the date of the allotment of any such Series. Such 
stabilising shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) or; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme as from the date of this Base Prospectus, are 
intended to be eligible to the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label to be published by the Bank of 
Italy. However, no representation is made or assurance given that any Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme will be and will remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until 
their maturity. Whether the Covered Bonds are intended to benefit or not from the "European Covered 
Bond (Premium)" label will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
Responsibility Statements .......................................................................................................... 4 
General Description Of The Programme ............................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................. 27 
Overview Of The Programme................................................................................................... 64 
Information Incorporated By Reference ................................................................................ 65 
Form Of Final Terms ................................................................................................................ 143 
Use Of Proceeds ....................................................................................................................... 156 
The Issuer .................................................................................................................................. 157 
The Guarantor ........................................................................................................................... 192 
The Asset Monitor .................................................................................................................... 196 
Overview Of The Programme Documents .......................................................................... 198 
Credit Structure ........................................................................................................................ 212 
Cashflows ................................................................................................................................... 220 
Description Of The Cover Pool .............................................................................................. 225 
Description Of Certain Relevant Legislation In Italy ........................................................ 227 
Taxation ..................................................................................................................................... 233 
Subscription And Sale ............................................................................................................. 243 
General Information ................................................................................................................ 249 
Glossary ...................................................................................................................................... 253

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
PARTIES 
Issuer 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Sondrio” or 
“BPS”), a società per azioni incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Piazza Garibaldi, 
16, Sondrio, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies 
register of Sondrio number 00053810149, enrolled under 
number 842 with the registers of banks, parent company of 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio group (the “Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
Group”) registered under number 5696.0 with the register of 
banking groups held by the Bank of Italy in accordance with, 
respectively, articles 13 and 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”) 
J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Guarantor 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., a special purpose entity incorporated 
under the laws of Italy pursuant to Title 1-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, having its registered office 
at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, Conegliano (TV), Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Treviso-Belluno No. 
04620230260 and part of the Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group, 
having as its sole purpose the ownership of the Cover Pool and 
the granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Guarantor LEI 
81560046696F5A9E4320 
Seller 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
France, whose registered office is at 16 Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris, registered with the Trade and Companies Registry 
of Paris (Registre du commerce et des sociétés de Paris) under 
number 662 042 449, licensed as a credit institution in France by 
the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, (“BNP 
Paribas”). 
Banca Finint. 
 
Dealer(s) 
BNP Paribas and any other dealer appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement, which appointment 
may be for a specific Series of Covered Bonds issued or on an 
ongoing basis. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
(“Banca Finint”) a società per azioni, incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Via Vittorio 
Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, equity capital of € 
2,000,000.00 fully paid-up, fiscal code and enrolment with the 
companies register of Treviso-Belluno number 03546510268,

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
VAT Group “Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A.” - VAT number 
04977190265, enrolled under number 50 in the register of 
Financial Intermediaries (albo degli intermediari finanziari) held 
by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 106 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act, belonging to the banking group known as “Gruppo 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale”, registered with the register of 
the banking group held by the Bank of Italy, will act as Guarantor 
Calculation Agent. 
Test Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, BPS will act as Test Calculation Agent. 
Issuer Paying Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, BPS (or any other entity being appointed as 
such in the future) will act as Issuer Paying Agent until the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Guarantor Paying Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, BNP Paribas, through the Securities 
Services Business Line of its Italian Branch (or any other entity 
being appointed as such in the future) will act as Guarantor 
Paying Agent following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice 
(“BNP Paribas, Italian Branch”). 
Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, BPS will act as 
Servicer. 
Back-up Servicer 
Banca Finint will act as Back-up Servicer. 
Cash Manager 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, BPS will act as Cash Manager. 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finint will act as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Conditions, the Rules of the 
Organisation 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders, 
the 
Mandate 
Agreement and the Deed of Charge.  
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors is 
appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by 
the Issuer and the Asset Monitor Agreement. The Asset Monitor 
is BDO Italia S.p.A., società per azioni incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale 
Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with 
the companies register of Milan No. 07722780967, and included 
in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for 
Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 
167911. 
Asset Swap Providers 
Any counterparty of the Guarantor under any Asset Swap 
Agreement.  
Liability Swap Providers 
BNP Paribas (or any other entity being appointed as such in the 
future) will act as Liability Swap Provider pursuant to the Liability 
Swap Agreement.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Account Bank 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch will act as Account Bank pursuant to 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Expenses Account Bank 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., or any such other 
depositary institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Corporate Servicer 
Banca Finint has been appointed as Corporate Servicer pursuant 
to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, whose registered offices is at 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg will act as 
Luxembourg listing agent under the Programme. BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering different time 
zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping 
ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Programme description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
Programme size 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any time 
outstanding will not exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies to be calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement). The Issuer may however increase the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in 
dematerialised form. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised 
form are held on behalf of their ultimate owners, until redemption 
or cancellation thereof, by Euronext Securities Milan for the 
account of Euronext Securities Milan account holders. Euronext 
Securities Milan will act as depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will 
at all times be in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds 
will be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means 
of, book entries, in accordance with the provisions of Article 83-
bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and 
with the Rules governing central depositories, settlement services, 
guarantee systems and related management companies (adopted 
by the Bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018) as subsequently 
amended. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of 
the Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
requirements and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Covered Bond admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be Euro 100,000 (or where the relevant Tranche is 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount 
in such other currency). 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among 
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at 
least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. 
In 
the 
event 
of 
a 
compulsory 
winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds 
realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected 
by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
Rating 
Each Series or Tranche may, on or after the relevant issue, be 
assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and any other rating agency which 
may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any 
issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the 
Programme or may be unrated as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by any of the rating agencies. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory or central bank 
restrictions, such currency or currencies as may be agreed from 
time to time by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will have such Maturity Date as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by any relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds of such Series 
of Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for 
taxation reasons or if it becomes unlawful for any Covered Bond to 
remain outstanding or following an Issuer Event of Default or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Guarantor Event of Default), (b) that such Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the 
Covered Bondholders on a date or dates specified prior to the 
specified Maturity Date and at a price and on other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), letter (d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or (c) 
that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the 
Covered Bondholders, as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), letter (f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders) and in the applicable Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds may be redeemable in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and the 
relevant Final Terms but in any case the redemption amount shall 
be at least equal to par value. The applicable Final Terms may 
provide that the Covered Bonds may be redeemable in two or more 
instalments of such amounts and on such dates as indicated in the 
Final Terms. 
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds issued may indicate that the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to 
the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Covered 
Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date. The deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer 
fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date for 
such Series of Covered Bonds and if the Guarantor does not pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (for 
example, because the Guarantor has insufficient funds) by the 
Extension Determination Date. Interest will continue to accrue and 
be payable on the unpaid amount up to the Extended Maturity 
Date. If the duration of the Covered Bond is extended, the 
Extended Maturity Date shall be the date indicated in the Final 
Terms. 
 
For further details, see Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity). 
Extended Instalment Date 
If a Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed in instalments, the 
applicable Final Terms may indicate that the Guarantor's 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a Covered 
Bond Instalment Amount and all subsequently payable Covered 
Bond Instalment Amounts may be deferred as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms until their relevant Extended Instalment Dates. 
The deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay a 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment 
Date and if the Guarantor does not pay such Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount (for example, because the Guarantor has 
insufficient funds) by the Covered Bond Instalment Extension 
Determination Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable 
on the unpaid amount up to the relevant Extended Instalment Date,

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
which shall be the date indicated in the Final Terms. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when 
falling due no more than once. At such time, each subsequent but 
not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, 
so it is possible that a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be 
deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to a date 
falling after the Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
For further details see Condition 7(j) (Extension of principal 
instalments) 
Statutory Tests, Asset Coverage 
Test, 
Liquidity 
Reserve 
Requirement and Amortisation 
Test 
The Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are 
subject to the statutory tests, the asset coverage test, the liquidity 
reserve requirement and the amortisation test. Accordingly, for so 
long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Seller and the 
Issuer must always ensure that the following tests are satisfied on 
each Calculation Date: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value Test; 
(ii) 
the Net Present Value Test; 
(iii) the Interest Coverage Test, 
(the "Statutory Tests"); 
(iv) the Liquidity Reserve Requirement; and  
(v) 
the Asset Coverage Test or, following an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of a 
Guarantor Default Notice), the Amortisation Test. 
The Statutory Tests are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Liquidity Reserve Requirement is intended to ensure that the 
amount of Eligible Assets which are in compliance with Article 7-
duodecies, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law, composing the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible 
Cover Pool, including the Reserve Fund Amount (the “Liquidity 
Reserve”) is in an amount equal to or greater than the maximum 
cumulative Net Liquidity Outflows expected in the next following 
180 days. Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test 
Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date that 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is met with respect to the 
Eligible Cover Pool.  
Further to the Statutory Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
and the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test is intended to 
ensure that if, following an Issuer Event of Default and service of 
an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior 
to service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default Notice), the 
assets of the Guarantor available to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee fall to a level where Covered Bondholders 
may not be repaid, a Guarantor Event of Default will occur and all

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
obligations owing under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be 
accelerated. Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Guarantor must ensure that, on each Test Calculation Date 
following service of an Issuer Default Notice and on any date on 
which the Amortisation Test is to be performed) (provided that, in 
case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice), on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but 
prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will 
be in an amount at least equal to the aggregate principal amount 
of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation 
Date. For further details on the above, see "Credit Structure" below. 
Asset Monitor 
Pursuant to an engagement letter the Issuer has appointed the 
Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from 
the 
Issuer, 
specific 
monitoring 
activities 
concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set 
out under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR with 
respect to the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the 
compliance with the internal limits to the transfer of the Eligible 
Assets set out under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations; (iii) the 
calculation performed by the Test Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test 
and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the compliance with the 
limits set out under Articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, with respect to the Covered 
Bonds issued and the Eligible Assets included in the Portfolios as 
determined in the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the Amortisation Test; (iv) the 
effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any 
Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) 
the segregation of the Eligible Assets included in the Portfolio 
according to Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law; (vi) the correct application and notification of the 
extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds issued as required 
by Article 7-terdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; 
(vii) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the 
information provided to investors pursuant to Article 7-
septiesdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the 
Bank of Italy Regulations. Furthermore, under the terms of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Asset Monitor has 
agreed with the Issuer and, upon delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, with the Guarantor, to verify, subject to due receipt of the 
information to be provided by the Test Calculation Agent to the 
Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the Test Calculation Agent under the Statutory Tests,

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, with a view to confirming whether such 
calculations are accurate. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or discount 
to par on a fully-paid basis, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest 
Interest (if any) will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the relevant Covered Bonds and may accrue at a fixed 
rate or a floating rate or other variable rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. Covered Bonds may also have 
a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). Interest on Covered Bonds 
in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, in each case as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate, which 
will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such day count fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
in each case, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Taxation 
All payments in relation to Covered Bonds will be made without tax 
deduction except where required by law. If any tax deduction is 
made, the Issuer shall be required to pay additional amounts in 
respect of the amounts so deducted or withheld, subject to a 
number of exceptions set out in Condition 9 (Taxation) including 
deductions on account of Italian substitute tax pursuant to Decree

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
No. 239. 
 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will not be liable 
to pay any such additional amounts. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 9 (Taxation). 
Issuer cross default 
Each Series of Covered Bonds will cross-accelerate as against each 
other but will not otherwise contain a cross default provision. 
Accordingly, neither an event of default in respect of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (including other debt securities of the 
Issuer) nor acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise 
to an Issuer Event of Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default 
will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default, 
provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves a 
Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor, such Guarantor 
Default Notice will accelerate each Series of outstanding Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 10 (a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of, or in connection, thereof will be governed by Italian law or 
by any other law as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection, thereof will be governed by Italian 
law, except for the Swap Agreements and Deed of Charge, which 
will be governed by English law. 
THE GUARANTOR AND THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Payments of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds 
when due for payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor to 
make payments in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts when due 
for payment are subject to the conditions that (i) an Issuer Event of 
Default has occurred or (ii) a Resolution Event has occurred unless 
the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds by the relevant payment date, and, in both cases, an Issuer 
Default Notice has been served on the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Asset Monitor with copy to the Rating Agency, or, if earlier, a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and a Guarantor Default 
Notice has been served on the Guarantor. 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate once the Guarantor 
Default Notice mentioned above has been delivered to the 
Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional 
and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor collateralised by the 
Cover Pool and recourse against the Guarantor is limited to such 
assets. 
 
For further detail, see "Overview of the Programme Documents – 
Covered Bond Guarantee". 
Suspension of Payments 
If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the "Article 74 Event"), the 
Guarantor, in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the 
entire period in which the suspension continues (the "Suspension 
Period"). 
 
Following an Article 74 Event: 
 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that 
such event may be temporary; and 
 
(ii) 
in 
accordance 
with 
Article 
7-quaterdecies 
of 
the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the Guarantor shall be 
responsible for payment of the amounts due and payable 
under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period at 
their relevant due dates, provided that it shall be entitled to 
claim any such amounts from the Issuer. 
 
The 
Suspension 
Period 
shall 
end 
upon 
delivery 
by 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor (the "Article 74 Event 
Cure Notice"), informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has 
been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall 
again be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest 
and/or principal due and payable on any Series of Covered 
Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and such 
breach is not remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in 
case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days, in case of 
amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of 
any obligation under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of 
any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Programme 
Documents to which it is a party occurs which is not 
remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) 
to (ii) above occurs in respect of any other Series of Covered 
Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the 
Issuer; or 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in respect of the 
Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its 
primary business; or 
(vii) 
Breach of the Statutory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage 
Test: any of the Statutory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage 
Test are breached and are not remedied within the Test 
Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor demanding 
payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and specifying, in 
case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) 
(Article 74 resolution) above, that the Issuer Event of Default may 
be temporary. 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor: 
(i) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not 
issue any further Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
(a) interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds 
will be payable by the Guarantor at the time and in the 
manner provided under the Conditions, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Guarantee and the Priority of Payments; 
(b) the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) 
shall be entitled to request from the Issuer an amount up 
to the Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received or 
recovered from the Issuer will be used to make payments 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(c) if (i) the right of the Guarantor under letter (b) above is in 
any way challenged or revoked and (ii) a Programme 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders has been passed 
to 
this 
effect, 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
will 
become 
immediately due and payable by the Issuer, at their Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest 
thereon and the Guarantor will no longer be entitled to 
request from the Issuer the amount set out under letter 
(b) above; 
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell the Eligible 
Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to 
under item (v) (Article 74 resolution) above, the effects listed in 
items (i) (No further Series of Covered Bonds), (ii) (Covered Bond 
Guarantee) and (iii) (Disposal of Assets) above will only apply for as 
long as the Suspension Period will be in force and effect. 
Accordingly 
(A) 
the 
Guarantor, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered 
Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the 
Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again responsible for 
meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
 
For further details, see Condition 10 (a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: following delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any interest and/or 
principal due and payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within the next 
following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, 
or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of principal, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the 
Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of any obligation under 
the Programme Documents by the Guarantor occurs (other 
than payment obligations referred to in letter (i) above) 
which 
is 
not 
remedied 
within 
30 
days 
after 
the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an 
Issuer Default Notice (provided that, in case the Issuer Event 
of 
Default 
consists 
of 
an 
Article 
74 
Event, 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not 
delivered an Article 74 event Cure Notice), the Amortisation 
Test is breached and is not remedied within the Test Grace 
Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is not in full force and effect or it is claimed by 
the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the 
case of the Guarantor Event of Default under letter (iii) (Breach of 
other obligation) above shall, if so directed by a Programme 
Resolution, serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall 
become immediately due and payable at their Early 
Termination Amount together, if appropriate, with any 
accrued interest; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with 
the 
terms 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee, 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of 
the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Termination 
Amount, together with accrued interest and any other 
amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional 
amounts payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the 
Issuer) in accordance with the Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all 
assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders may, at its discretion and without further 
notice subject to having been indemnified and/or secured 
to its satisfaction, take such steps and/or institute such 
proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it 
shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps 
unless requested or authorised by a Programme Resolution 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
Guarantor Available Funds 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor will: 
- 
apply Interest Available Funds to pay interest due on the 
Subordinated Loan, but only after payment of certain items

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
ranking higher in the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments (including, but not limited to, the 
Reserve Fund Amount to be credited to the Reserve Fund 
Account). For further details of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments, see "Cashflows" below; 
and 
- 
apply Principal Available Funds towards (subject to 
compliance with the Tests) repaying the Subordinated Loan 
but only after payment of certain items ranking higher in 
the relevant Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments. For further details of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments, see "Cashflows" 
below. 
Following service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer 
Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the 
Guarantor will use all monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and payments to the Other Issuer 
Creditors when due for payment subject to paying certain higher 
ranking obligations of the Guarantor in the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments. In such circumstances, the Seller will only be entitled to 
receive payment from the Guarantor of interest and repayment of 
principal under the Subordinated Loan after all amounts due under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
the Other Issuer Creditor have been paid in full (or sufficient funds 
have been set aside for such purpose). 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the 
Covered Bonds will become immediately due and repayable and 
Covered Bondholders will then have a claim against the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the 
Early Termination Amount in respect of each Covered Bond, 
together with accrued interest and any other amounts due under 
the Covered Bonds, and Guarantor Available Funds will be 
distributed 
according 
to 
the 
Post-Enforcement 
Priority 
of 
Payments, as to which see "Cashflows" below. 
Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by the Cover 
Pool constituted by (i) the Portfolio comprised of Residential 
Mortgage Loans and related collateral assigned to the Guarantor by 
the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement and (ii) any other Eligible Assets held by the 
Guarantor with respect to the Covered Bonds and the proceeds 
thereof which will, inter alia, comprise the funds generated by the 
Portfolio, the other Eligible Assets including, without limitation, 
funds generated by the sale of assets from the Cover Pool and 
funds paid in the context of a liquidation of the Issuer. 
 
For further detail, see "Description of the Cover Pool".

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Limited recourse 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders 
and, in general, to the Seller, the Other Issuer Creditors and the 
Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, 
which will be paid in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments. The Covered Bondholders, the Seller, the Other Issuer 
Creditors and the Other Creditors will have a claim against the 
Guarantor only to the extent of the Guarantor Available Funds, 
including any amount realised with respect to the Cover Pool, in 
each case subject to and as provided in the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and the other Programme Documents. 
Subordinated Loan 
The Seller has granted, or shall grant, to the Guarantor a 
Subordinated Loan with a maximum amount equal to the Total 
Commitment for the purpose of funding the purchase from the 
Seller of the Eligible Assets included in the initial Cover Pool. 
Subsequently, the Seller will grant further Subordinated Loan to the 
Guarantor for the purposes of (i) funding the purchase from the 
Seller of Eligible Assets in order to remedy a breach of the Tests or 
to support further issues of Covered Bonds or (ii) crediting on the 
Reserve Fund Account an amount, or establishing a cash reserve, 
sufficient to remedy a breach of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
The Guarantor will pay interest in respect of the Subordinated Loan 
but will have no liability to gross up for withholding. Payments 
from the Guarantor to the Seller under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement will be limited recourse and subordinated and paid in 
accordance with the Priorities of Payments to the extent the 
Guarantor has sufficient Guarantor Available Funds. 
 
For further detail, see "Overview of the Programme Documents – 
Subordinated Loan Agreement". 
Excess Receivables and support 
for further issues 
To support the issue of further Series of Covered Bonds, (i) Excess 
Receivables may be retained in the Portfolio or (ii) Eligible Assets 
may be acquired from the Seller with the proceeds of new or 
amended Subordinated Loan Agreement entered into by the same 
Seller in order to ensure that the Cover Pool both before and after 
the issue of the new Series of Covered Bonds complies with the 
Tests. The Receivables which have been assigned to the Guarantor 
may also be repurchased by the Seller in accordance with and 
subject to the conditions provided in the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Segregation of Guarantor's 
rights and collateral 
The Covered Bonds benefit from the provisions of Article 7-octies 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, pursuant to which the 
Cover Pool is segregated by operation of law from the Guarantor's 
other assets. 
 
In accordance with Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law, prior to and following a winding up of the 
Guarantor and an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of 
Default causing the Covered Bond Guarantee to be called, proceeds 
of the Cover Pool paid to the Guarantor will be exclusively available 
for the purpose of satisfying the obligations owed to the Covered

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Bondholders, to the Swap Providers under the Swap Agreements 
entered into in the context of the Programme, the Other Issuer 
Creditors and to the Other Creditors in satisfaction of the 
transaction costs. 
 
The Cover Pool may not be seized or attached in any form by 
creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to above, 
until full discharge by the Guarantor of its payment obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
Cross-collateralisation 
All Eligible Assets transferred from the Seller to the Guarantor from 
time to time or otherwise acquired by the Guarantor and the 
proceeds thereof form the collateral supporting the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
Claim under Covered Bonds 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, for and on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders, may submit a claim to the Guarantor 
and make a demand under the Covered Bond Guarantee in case of 
an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default. 
Guarantor cross-default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders will serve on the Guarantor a Guarantor 
Default Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme. However, an Issuer Event of Default will not 
automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of 
Default). 
Disposal of assets included in 
the Cover Pool 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
the Guarantor (also through the Servicer, pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement) will be obliged to sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate 
Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, subject to pre-emption and 
other rights of the Seller in respect of the Eligible Assets pursuant 
to Master Loans Purchase Agreement. The proceeds from any such 
sale will be applied as set out in the applicable Priority of 
Payments. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of 
Default). 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis, subject to the restrictions to be set forth in the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain restrictions 
Each Series of Covered Bonds issued will be denominated in a 
currency 
in 
respect 
of 
which 
particular 
laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply and will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws,

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from 
time to time. There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of Covered Bonds in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including the United Kingdom and the Republic of Italy) and Japan. 
Other restrictions may apply in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Series of Covered Bonds. For further details see 
“Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
RISK FACTORS  
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds 
and includes disclosure of all material risks in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective purchasers of 
Covered Bonds should consider carefully all the information contained in this document, including the 
considerations set out below, before making any investment decision. All of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in a position 
to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which the 
Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. Each of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered 
Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor based on the information currently available to them or which they may not currently be 
able to anticipate. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor represents that the statements below regarding 
the risks of holding any Covered Bonds are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any document incorporated 
by reference) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on the information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 
COVERED BOND 
 
The risk below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position, business activity and industry 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position, business activity and industry 
Risks related to the European sovereign debt crisis 
The continued deterioration of the creditworthiness of various countries, together with the potential 
for contagion to spread to other countries in Europe, has exacerbated the severity of the global 
financial crisis. Such developments have posed a significant risk to the stability and status quo of the 
Economic and Monetary Union (EMU), and have raised concerns about its long-term sustainability. 
Furthermore, the ECB’s unconventional monetary policy tools have contributed to ease market 
tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the banking system and leading to a tightening of credit 
spreads of sovereign risk. Moreover, the earning capacity and stability of the Issuer are affected by the 
general state of the economy, the dynamics of financial markets and, in particular, the strength and 
growth prospects of the economy in Italy (and the creditworthiness of its sovereign debt), as well as 
that of the Eurozone as a whole. In addition, the risk remains that a default of one or more countries in 
the Eurozone, the extent and precise nature of which is impossible to predict, could lead to the 
expulsion or voluntary withdrawal of one or more countries from the Eurozone or a disorderly break-
up of the Eurozone, either of which could significantly disrupt financial markets and possibly trigger

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
another global recession. 
Indeed, the performance of the BPS Group is influenced by the general economic situation, both 
nationally and in the euro area as a whole, and by the dynamics of the financial markets and, in 
particular, by the solidity and growth prospects of the economy in the geographical areas in which the 
BPS Group operates. In particular, the profitability and solvency of the BPS Group are influenced by the 
performance of factors such as investor expectations and confidence, the level and volatility of short 
and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, the liquidity of financial markets, the availability and 
cost of capital, the sustainability of sovereign debt, household income and consumer spending, 
unemployment levels, inflation and house prices. 
Adverse changes in these factors, particularly in periods of economic and financial crisis, could lead to 
the BPS Group suffering losses, increases in funding costs and reductions in the value of assets held, 
with a potential negative impact on the BPS Group. 
 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking 
operations, and could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet payment commitments or cause an incapacity 
to finance assets with the necessary punctuality on a cost/effective basis. In order to ensure that the 
Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to generally maintain or grow its business, it 
relies on customer savings and transmission balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale 
lending markets. The ability of the Issuer to access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable 
economic terms is dependent on a wide range of factors, including issues out of its control, such as 
liquidity constraints, general market conditions and confidence in the Italian banking system. 
In recent years, global financial systems have been subject to considerable turmoil and uncertainty 
and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the short and medium term outlook for the global 
economy remains uncertain. The repricing of sovereign risk following the recent crisis has contributed 
to high volatility and uncertainty, weighing negatively on the global financial system.  
The current credit conditions of the global and Italian capital markets have led to the most severe 
examination of the banking system's capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding and 
liquidity environment in recent history, and have had an impact on the wider economy. Individual 
institutions have faced varying degrees of stress. Should the BPS Group be unable to continue to 
source a sustainable funding profile which can absorb these sudden shocks, the BPS Group's ability to 
fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely affected. 
Furthermore, in some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly 
the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity and can lead to material 
losses if the Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way; this may especially be the 
case for assets that do not benefit from a liquid market. The value of assets that are not traded on 
stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as derivatives contracts between banks, may be 
calculated by the Issuer using models other than publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration 
of the prices of assets like these is difficult and any failure to do so effectively could lead to 
unanticipated losses. This in turn could adversely affect the Issuer's operating results and financial 
condition. In addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere 
may adversely affect the Issuer's securities trading activities and its asset management services, as 
well as its investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
BPS relies on internal systems in order to monitor, control and mitigate liquidity risk; the management 
process aims at verifying BPS Group’s ability to meet ordinary and extraordinary payment obligations 
and minimise the associated expenses. In detail, the Issuer:

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
uses specific supervision instruments in order to monitor operating liquidity (short-term 
liquidity between overnight and 3 months) and structural liquidity (medium- to long-term 
liquidity with a structural maturity ladder); 
 
compares the liquidity positions measured (both operating and structural) with the relevant 
early warning thresholds and calculates early warning indicators and contingency indicators; 
and 
 
estimates the impact of different hypothetical scenarios (stress tests) on the liquidity position 
resulting from ordinary monitoring activities. 
The Issuer believes that the policies adopted and the controls implemented by the BPS Group are 
adequate to keep liquidity risk under control. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it cannot 
be ruled out that unknown and unexpected events might occur which could negatively affect the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or to fulfil its commitments to lend. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's rating 
The risk associated with the ability of an issuer to meet its obligations, generated by the issue of debt 
instruments and money market instruments, is defined by reference to credit ratings assigned by 
independent rating agencies. A rating may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time by the 
rating agency by which it has been assigned. Suspension, lowering or withdrawal of an assigned rating 
can negatively affect the market price of the bonds issued. 
The current long-term counterparty credit ratings of the Issuer are, respectively, “BB+” from Fitch, 
“BBB (low)” from DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS Morningstar) and “BBB” from Scope Rating GmbH; the 
current short-term counterparty credit ratings are, respectively, “B” from Fitch and “R-2 (middle)” from 
DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS Morningstar). A downgrade of any of the Issuer’s ratings would result in 
higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the capital markets. Such downgrade may also 
affect or effectively limit access to the capital markets, because investing in the Issuer will in such case 
likely be considered less attractive (also because of the Issuer's possible reputational damage) and/or 
will no longer be allowed for certain investors. In addition, a downgrade of any of the Issuer’s ratings 
may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. 
A rating downgrade might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost for individuals and 
companies at a local level. 
These factors may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of 
operations and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks are associated with the event that the financial soundness and outlook of 
the Issuer or of the BPS Group deteriorate due to the risk of losses resulting from any inability or 
refusal by customers (including Sovereign States) to meet their contractual obligations, relating to 
lending, commitments, letters of credit, derivatives instruments, foreign currency transactions and 
other transactions. 
Even though lending is the core business of the BPS Group, it is performed with the objective to 
achieve a controlled growth of lending throughout the country by means of a risk-taking strategy 
focused on the most attractive geographic areas, customer segments and sectors of economic activity.  
This strategy consists of identifying risk ceilings that can be taken with lending (sector and individual

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
concentration risk limits, etc.) and ensuring that they are consistent with the BPS Group’s budget 
targets and business plan. Improvement of credit quality is pursued by means of constant monitoring 
of the loan portfolio and assessing compliance with the risk strategy agreed on, with a focus on major 
risk exposures. 
A decrease in the creditworthiness of third parties, could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer due 
to difficulty in obtaining liquidity and/or could have an adverse impact on the results of the Issuer’s 
operations.  
Risks related to quality of loans 
Credit quality in the Italian market is affected by the continuing weakness of the economy. Moreover, 
within the banking system generally, a growing number of companies are struggling to repay loans. 
The proportion of loans to companies experiencing temporary difficulties (substandard and 
restructured loans) is steadily increasing, while the deterioration of loans to households has remained 
moderate. 
The Issuer, in line with the market practice, has taken significant measures to dispose of its non-
performing loans, which is an important element of its Strategic Plan (as defined below). 
However, the Italian banking system is currently recording high levels of non-performing loans and, as 
a result, numerous other banks may seek to dispose of these assets, which may result in excess 
supply and downward price pressure. The Issuer may, therefore, find it difficult to identify buyers for 
non-performing loans or only find buyers willing to buy at low prices, which may result in adverse 
consequences for the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations.  
Interest rate risk  
The interest rate risk consists of the possibility of incurring losses due to reductions in the value of 
assets and/or increases in the value of liabilities caused by adverse changes in interest rates on 
positions not included in the trading portfolio. The methodology used by BPS for the analysis of the 
BPS Group’s sensitivity to interest rate risk comprises application of the internal models for strategic 
Asset & Liability Management (ALM). These analyses are also complemented by the measurements of 
an internal model for the daily calculation of Value at Risk (VaR) on debt instruments of the banking 
and trading portfolios which are exposed to market risks. 
The internal processes for control and management of the interest rate risks associated with an 
adverse change in the fair value of assets and liabilities or a negative impact on the interest margin are 
based on a monthly (for ALM indicators) and daily (for Market VaR estimates) monitoring of the BPS 
Group’s risk exposure, supported by a system of quantitative limits, thresholds and alerts that globally 
reflect the risk appetite of the BPS Group and its main components.  
The main sources of interest rate risk from fair value consist of deposit/fund-raising transactions 
(particularly, 
debt 
securities 
and 
sight 
deposits 
statistically 
modelled) 
and 
fixed-rate 
lending/investment transactions (mainly loans and debt securities); the interest rate risk from cash 
flow is originated by the sight and indexed rate assets and liabilities which reprice in the time horizon 
or short term fixed rate operations which are renewed. 
The possibility of movements in interest rates may have negative impacts on the present and future 
profitability arising from assets and liabilities generating interest margin in the BPS Group’s balance 
sheet.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Risks related to the Strategic Plan  
 
On 28 June 2022, the Board of Directors of BPS approved the BPS Group’s 2022-2025 Strategic goals 
and projections (the “Strategic Plan”) and denominated “Next Step”. 
The Strategic Plan contains objectives to be met, by 2023 (the “Plan Objectives” or the “Projected 
Data”) based on assumptions of both a general nature and a discretionary nature linked to the impact 
of specific operational and organisational actions that BPS intends to take during the period of time 
covered by the Strategic Plan. 
The failure or partial occurrence of the assumed events or of the positive expected resulting effects 
could lead to potentially significant deviations from the forecasts in the Projected Data or hinder 
meeting them with consequent significant negative effects on the assets and the operations, balance 
sheets and/or income statement of BPS, and/or BPS Group.  
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by ever increasing competition 
which, together with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference 
between borrowing and lending rates and subsequent difficulties in maintaining a positive growth 
trend in interest rate margins. In particular, such competition has had two main effects: 
(a) 
a progressive reduction in the differential between lending and borrower interest rates, which 
may result in the BPS Group facing difficulties in maintaining its actual rate of growth in interest 
rate margins; and 
(b) 
a progressive reduction in commissions and fees, particularly from dealing on behalf of third 
parties and orders collection, due to competition in prices. 
In particular, the banking sector in Italy, as well as in Europe, is experiencing a consolidation phase 
featuring a high degree of competition due to the following factors: (i) the introduction of EU directives 
aimed at liberalising the European Union banking sector; (ii) the deregulation of the banking sector 
and the connected development of “shadow banking” throughout the European Union, and specifically 
in Italy, which has encouraged competition in the traditional banking sector with the effect of 
progressively reducing the spread between lending and borrowing rates; (iii) the behaviour of 
competitors (also following the changes introduced by Law No. 33 of 24 March 2015, which converted 
Decree 3/2015 regarding “cooperative banks” and the aggregative processes which followed or which 
could follow); (iv) consumer demand; (v) the profits of the Italian banking industry focused on 
revenues from fees, which lead to increased competition in the asset management and investment 
banking services fields; (vi) the change in several Italian tax and banking laws; (vii) the advance of 
services with a strong element of technological innovation, such as internet banking and mobile 
banking; and (viii) the influx of new competitors, and other factors not necessarily under the BPS 
Group’s control.  
All the above factors may adversely affect the BPS Group’s financial condition and resulting operations. 
In addition, downturns in the Italian economy could add to the competitive pressure through, for 
example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes for which to compete. 
The Issuer may be unable to maintain capital adequacy requirements 
The rules on capital adequacy for banks define the prudential minimum capital requirements, the 
quality of capital resources, and risk mitigation instruments. Such rules are complex and evolve 
regularly. In addition, the European Central Bank (ECB), as well as the Bank of Italy, can and do impose 
on the Group, as permitted by such rules, additional requirements with respect to its capital, which 
may restrict the Group’s operational flexibility and may, should it fail to meet such requirements, 
require the Group to adopt additional measures imposed by the ECB or other regulators. Capital

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
adequacy requirements include – in addition to the capital ratios and buffer provided by the CRR – also 
the following main requirements: (a) the requirement to maintain a Minimum Requirement for Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL), expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of 
the institution, in view of facilitating a smooth resolution of the bank, in the event of a resolution 
decision; and (b) a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), aimed at ensuring the ongoing ability of the bank to 
meet its short-term obligations. Since June 2021, the banks will also have to meet a binding leverage 
ratio of 3 per cent, which is aimed at preventing banks from excessively increasing their leverage 
levels, and a binding Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), designed to ensure that banks finance their 
long-term activities with stable sources of funding in order to increase banks' resilience to funding 
constraints. 
On 13 July 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 39th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing – inter 
alia – a clear differentiation between components of ‘Pillar 2 Requirements’ estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the ‘Pillar 2 Guidance’ determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory 
authorities may require banks to hold. The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional 
capital in the presence of excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (‘Pillar 
2 Requirement Leverage Ratio’ and ‘Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio’) has also been envisaged. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer” under 
the section entitled “The Issuer”. 
The BPS Group may be subject to the provisions of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer – as a bank – is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), an EU 
Directive intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to institutions considered to be 
at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail in and the bridge bank). The 
BRRD gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a 
failing a relevant entity and to convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments 
of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or 
give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing 
interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the General Bail-In Tool). 
The taking of any action under the BRRD in relation to BPS could materially affect the value of, or any 
repayments linked to the Covered Bonds.  
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities 
in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the 
cover pool and which, according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from 
the application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
Although the bail-in powers are not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the rights of Covered 
Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee), the determination that securities issued by 
the BPS Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in is likely to be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the BPS Group’s 
control. This determination will also be made by the relevant Italian resolution authority and there may 
be many factors, including factors not directly related to the bank or the BPS Group, which could result 
in such a determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at 
all, the exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would result in a principal write off or conversion 
to other securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the relevant Italian resolution 
authority will be obliged to consider in exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable 
discretion, holders of the securities issued by the BPS Group may not be able to refer to publicly 
available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of any such power and consequently its 
potential effect on the BPS Group and the securities issued by the BPS Group. Potential investors in the 
securities issued by the BPS Group should consider the risk that a holder may lose all or part of its

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such statutory loss absorption 
measures are acted upon. 
With specific reference to the Covered Bonds, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered 
Bonds are not met out of the assets of the Cover Pool or the proceeds arising from it (and the Covered 
Bonds subsequently rank pari passu with senior debt), the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-
down or conversion into equity on any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in 
Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their investment. In the limited circumstances described 
above, the exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, 
materially adversely affect the rights of Covered Bondholders, the price or value of their investment in 
any relevant Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer” under 
the section entitled “The Issuer”.  
Inflation, increase in interest rates and a potential recession 
Mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of the COVID-
19 pandemic and, more recently, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, have contributed to a rise in global 
inflation. In Italy, the annual Harmonized Indices of Consumer Prices, which is used to measure 
consumer price inflation in the euro area ("HICP"), as recorded in 2020, 2021 and 2022, was -0.15%, 
1.94% and 8.7%, respectively (source: Istat). The annual inflation rate in Italy in 2022 was the highest 
since 1985. With respect to the European Union, the HICP, as recorded in 2020, 2021 and 2022, was 
0.5%, 2.6% and 9.2%, respectively (source: World Bank). As for the United States, the Consumer Price 
Index, which is the most widely used measure of inflation in the United States, as recorded in 2020, 
2021 and 2022, was 1.2%, 4.7% and 8.0%, respectively (source: World Data).  
To counter inflation, central banks have started increasing interest rates and are currently expected to 
continue to raise interest rates during the remainder of 2023. In the U.S., the Federal Reserve System 
terminated its large-scale asset purchases, popularly known as "quantitative easing", and announced a 
plan to reduce its bond holdings. In addition, the Federal Reserve System has implemented benchmark 
interest rate increases and has announced further increases to counteract inflationary pressures. The 
European Central Bank has implemented interest rate increases and discontinued its asset purchases. 
In addition, restrictive monetary policies and high inflation driven, in large part, by supply chain 
disruptions and higher energy costs from the war in Ukraine may lead to a market or general economic 
downturn or recession. All of these factors may adversely affect the Issuer. Uncertainty surrounding 
the pace of future interest rate increases by major central banks has already resulted in significant 
volatility in financial markets around the world and such volatility may continue for a prolonged period 
of time. Any increase of inflation and/or interest rates or a potential recession or other periods of 
declining economic conditions, could adversely affect Issuer’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and have a negative effect on the securities markets generally. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect effects were recorded as a result of the collapse of Silicon 
Valley Bank, Signature Bank or of Credit Suisse (which resulted in its acquisition by UBS), all of which 
occurred in March 2023. However, such situations could prove to be a signal of mounting tensions in 
the financial markets and such tensions could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition and have a negative effect on the securities markets generally. 
Forthcoming regulatory changes 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by, among others, the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the ECB and the SRB. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Changes in the regulatory framework and in how such regulations are interpreted and/or applied by 
the supervisory authorities may have a material effect on the BPS Group’s business and operations. 
The manner in which the new framework of banking laws and regulations will be applied to the 
operations of financial institutions is still evolving. No assurance can be given that laws and 
regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPS Group.  
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to the consequences 
for them of the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer” under 
the section “The Issuer”. 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting standards 
Under IFRS, for the purposes of preparing its consolidated financial statements, the Issuer uses 
estimates and assumptions that may have a significant effect on the values recorded on the balance 
sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent assets and liabilities. These 
estimates and assumptions are applied on a going concern basis and are strongly influenced by 
growing uncertainty of the economic environment and current market conditions, the degree of 
volatility of financial parameters and the presence of high indicators for credit quality deterioration. 
Parameters and information used for the determination of estimates and assumptions are particularly 
affected by factors which by their nature are unpredictable. As a result, those estimates and 
assumptions may vary from period to period and, accordingly, it cannot be ruled out that amounts 
recorded in the Issuer’s most recent financial statements and those recorded in the future will differ, 
even significantly, following changes to the valuation methods to be applied. 
The values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of 
contingent assets and liabilities are significantly affected by the above factors and, accordingly, even if 
the estimates and assumptions adopted are subject to periodic review in order to take into account 
changes in the relevant period, it cannot be ruled out that a worsening performance will have an 
adverse effect on the items subject to valuation and, ultimately, on the financial condition and results 
of operations of the Issuer.  
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies are/were parties to 
civil and administrative judiciary proceedings associated with their ordinary operations; for some of 
these proceedings, the Issuer has allocated, as recognised in its consolidated financial statements, a 
specific provision for contingencies and liability, intended to cover potential liabilities resulting from 
the same proceedings. 
Even though the outcome of the many legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party is 
intrinsically difficult to forecast and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that an unfavourable outcome of 
some of them might impact the BPS Group’s financial, income and equity situation, the Issuer believes 
that the allocated provision is adequate to meet any unfavourable outcomes. Moreover, the above 
proceedings are not significant when considered individually. 
For other information on the pending legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party, reference is 
made to section “The Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk associated with inspections by regulatory authorities

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
From May to September 2021, an ECB on-site inspection took place on Credit and counterparty risk 
with the purpose of performing a Credit Quality Review on Retail & SME-Portfolios. On 22 December 
2021, the ECB formalised the final report of the inspection activity and thereafter. Following the 
closing meeting held with the ECB on 24 March 2022, the Bank received the final follow-up letter from 
the ECB inspection on 4 May 2022 and drew up a plan of action to be implemented. 
From October 2021 to February 2022, an on-site inspection related to the internal model was carried 
out. The Internal model investigation was on the subject matter of Credit risk with the purpose of 
assessing the institution’s application for approval of: 
- 
material change related to Credit risk (PD; LGD; LGD in default; CCF/EAD; ELBE) for the following 
exposure classes: Corporate - Other; Corporate - SME; Retail - Other non-SME; Retail - Other 
SME; Retail - Qualifying revolving; Retail - Secured by real estate non-SME; Retail - Secured by 
real estate SME; 
- 
internal model as part of an implementation plan (roll-outs) related to Credit risk (CCF/EAD) for 
the following exposure classes: Corporate - Other; Corporate-SME.  
Following the closing meeting with the ECB on 14 June 2022, the Bank received the assessment report 
on 2 August 2022. The follow-up final letter was received on 12 October 2023. 
From December 2021 to March 2022, an on-site Internal governance and risk management inspection 
was conducted to assess the composition and governance of the management body. Following the Exit 
meeting with the ECB on 30 May 2022, the Bank received the follow-up final letter on 2 November 
2022. 
From October 2022 to March 2023, a new ECB on-site inspection was launched to assess internal 
processes, credit policies and accounting practices related to the Non-Financial Corporate Portfolio, 
including specific deep-dives on selected individual credit positions (Credit File Review). The Bank 
received the draft report on 8 November 2023 and the Exit meeting was held on 14 November 2023. 
Based on the findings included in the draft report the Bank started the preparation of a remedial 
actions plan. 
From October 2023, a new ECB on-site inspection was launched on Business model and profitability to 
assess the Digital Transformation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the inspection is still 
underway. 
The BPS Group is subject, in the course of its ordinary activities, to inspections and other supervisory 
actions carried out by the supervisory authority that could require organisational interventions or 
strengthening of internal functions aimed at addressing weaknesses identified during inspections 
which might, furthermore, result in sanction proceedings which may have negative effects on 
operations or may require adjustments to the financial and capital position and economic results of 
the Issuer. 
 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes 
and or systems, human resources and/or external events. This definition includes legal and conduct 
risks, but excludes strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private 
settlements.  
The BPS Group, being fully aware of the considerable damage to its image and its reputation which 
could arise from the occurrence of loss events, adopts a management system suitable, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, to mitigate the operational risk effects. This system relies on procedures for the 
containment and mitigation of operational risks arising from transactions and for the prevention 
and/or limitation of the possible adverse effects resulting from them. However, the adoption of these 
measures may be inadequate to deal with the risks potentially arising, in part because of the 
unpredictability of the occurrence of risk events. 
The most frequently recurring operational risks and those having the greatest individual impact in 
terms of overall amount usually include errors in the execution of day-to-day payments and trading in 
securities, litigations and settlement agreements with customers as well as external events, normally 
subject to mitigation through the purchase of insurance policies. 
Risks related to Sanctioned Countries  
The Issuer has clients and partners who are located in various countries around the world and/or who 
are active players in markets on a global basis. Some of the countries or territories in which such 
customers and partners are located and/or otherwise operate are, or may become, subject to 
comprehensive sanctions adopted by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury, the U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. government, the United Nations, 
the European Union, the Swiss Seco, or His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, generally 
prohibiting all direct or indirect dealings with such countries or territories (Sanctioned Countries).  
The Issuer has consistently adopted stringent sanctions compliance procedures to meet its obligations 
under the laws and regulations that apply to its operations and to ensure that violations of sanctions 
laws and regulations do not occur. Such procedures include enhanced due diligence on third parties as 
well as on goods which fall within the scope of import or export restrictions. The Issuer has also hired 
specialised counsel to provide regular advice on sanctions compliance matters. Furthermore, on 
October 2019, the quality certification of UNI EN ISO 9001-2008 by DNV (Det Norske Veritas), 
obtained on 7 December 2017 in relation to the Issuer’s compliance procedures, was confirmed.  
The revenues generated by the Issuer from business related to Sanctioned Countries currently 
represent a small portion (less than 1%) of the Issuer’s total revenues. The Issuer does not maintain 
any physical presence in the Sanctioned Countries.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has undertaken and continues to undertake 
commercial relationships with some counterparties located in the Sanctioned Countries or related to 
the same Sanctioned Countries. Such commercial transactions have all been, and are, carried out in full 
compliance with sanctions laws and regulations as applicable to the Issuer (e.g. comprehensive 
sanctions adopted by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the 
U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. government, the United Nations, the European 
Union, or His Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom) and are not believed to have caused any 
person or entity to violate any sanctions, nor they are expected to result in the Issuer or the BPS Group 
becoming the subject of sanctions.  
However, should the relevant sanctions be strengthened and/or should new sanctions be adopted, 
there may be prejudicial effects on these operations as well as on the reputation of the Issuer and/or 
the BPS Group. This, in turn, could result in negative effects on the capital, financial and economic

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
situation of the Issuer and/or the BPS Group. Furthermore, it cannot be excluded that the Issuer 
and/or the BPS Group may become subject to boycotting or monitoring actions by non-governmental 
activist groups seeking to terminate BPS Group’s business relationships with its counterparties in, and 
its operations connected to, Sanctioned Countries. 
Cyber-risk and risks relating to information technology systems 
The BPS Group depends on its information technology (IT) and data processing systems to operate its 
business, as well as on its continuous maintenance and constant updates. The BPS Group is exposed 
to the risk that data could be damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for 
purposes other than those authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties. 
Among the risks that the Issuer faces relating to the management of IT systems are the possible 
violations of its systems due to unauthorised access to the BPS Group corporate network, or IT 
resources, the introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the 
internet. Like attempted hacking, such violations have become more frequent over the years 
throughout the world. Both the aggregation of new services for members and clients and the exposure 
of online services are becoming increasingly complex and gradually extending to more and more areas 
and products. In addition, the authors of cyber threats are using increasingly sophisticated methods 
and strategies for criminal purposes. 
Although the Issuer has adopted business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and implemented 
other IT risk policies, its IT systems may experience outages, delays or other failures or malfunctions 
due to design flaws, malicious attacks, hacking or other reasons. 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its 
removal, unauthorised processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the BPS Group’s 
business and reputation and could subject the BPS Group to fines, with consequent negative effects on 
the BPS Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
In addition, changes to relevant regulations could impose more stringent sanctions for violations, and 
could have a negative impact on the BPS Group’s business insofar as they lead the BPS Group to incur 
additional compliance costs. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks associated with the general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPS Group are affected by global economic and financial conditions. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPS 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy 
and in the Euro-zone and in the other markets in which the Issuer operates may influence its 
performance. 
In February 2022, a military conflict erupted between Russia and Ukraine. This military conflict was 
followed by tensions between Russia and Ukraine, as well as certain western countries. As a result, the 
United States, Canada, the European Union and other countries and multinational organizations have 
announced and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, such as the designation of a 
number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in "blocked person" lists, the removal 
of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer of money between banks, a 
prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services to certain companies or 
banks that are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with certain 
Russian counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods and 
technologies. In response to the foregoing sanctions, Russia replied with countersanctions on so-

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
called 
"unfriendly" 
states 
(which 
specifically 
include 
countries 
of 
the 
European 
Union). 
Countersanctions imposed by Russia have led to a reduction in supply volumes or even a suspension 
of gas and oil deliveries. Should economic sanctions escalate further, Russia could take further legal 
action, which could affect European businesses (with their domicile in an "unfriendly State" from a 
Russian perspective).  
The continuation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could negatively affect Italian, European 
and global macroeconomic conditions. 
With reference to the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021, changes 
in the relationship between the UK and the EU may affect the business of the Issuer. The Treaty on the 
European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the 
UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute 
book in the UK. The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement), which governs relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition 
period and which had provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered 
into force on 1 May 2021. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed 
framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the 
EU and from the EU into the UK. 
In addition, the Israel-Palestine conflict could potentially have significant adverse effects on the 
European economy, inflation and the stability of international financial markets. 
Furthermore, the BPS Group’s performance is affected by factors such as investor confidence, financial 
market liquidity, and the availability and cost of borrowing on the capital markets, all of which are by 
their very nature, connected to the general macroeconomic situation. The global economic recovery 
may be further impacted by potential new rounds of restrictions that might be introduced by countries 
across the world, with the risk of further slowing down any expected recovery. 
Adverse changes in the above factors, particularly at times of financial crisis, could increase the BPS 
Group’s cost of funding, with a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the BPS Group. 
Risks related to a downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating 
A further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade 
may occur would be likely to have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, restricting the 
availability and increasing the cost of funding for individuals and companies, depressing economic 
activity, increasing unemployment, reducing asset prices and consequently increasing the risk of a 
“double dip” recession.  
Any further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade 
may occur may severely destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect on the BPS Group’s 
operating results, financial condition, and prospects as well as on the marketability of the Covered 
Bonds. This might also impact on the BPS Group’s credit ratings, borrowing costs and access to 
liquidity. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by borrower credit quality and general economic 
conditions, in particular in Italy and Europe 
The Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the overall 
risk of the respective loan portfolios, and the Issuer will continue to do so, but there can be no 
assurance that such monitoring and risk management will suffice to keep the Issuer’s exposure to 
credit risk at acceptable levels. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of significant individual 
customers or counterparties, or of the performance of loans and other receivables, as well as wrong

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
assessments of creditworthiness or country risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The 
risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the BPS 
Group's debtors and counterparties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans 
and amounts due from counterparties. 
As discussed above, these risks are exacerbated by concerns over the levels of the public debt of 
certain Euro-zone countries and their relative weaknesses. A rating downgrade in one of the countries 
in which the Issuer operates might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost for individuals 
and companies at a local level. This might have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating 
results, financial conditions and business outlook. 
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or 
discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, 
intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further 
increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial 
system and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks in different forms. In 
order to technically permit such government support, financial institutions were required to pledge 
securities deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures or the decrease or discontinuation of such 
measures by governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring 
liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby 
adversely affecting the BPS Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk” 
In recent years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant instances of 
default, and there can be no certainty that such instances will not occur in the future. Concerns about, 
or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as 
a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk is sometimes 
referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a 
daily basis and therefore could adversely affect the Issuer. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events could have a negative impact on the business 
and results of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create 
economic and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in 
the regions in which the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the 
Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted. 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally; 
Risks related to the Guarantor;

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
Risks related to the market generally.  
 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, 
ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, 
unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against 
the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential 
arrangement granted by the Issuer. 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice or, if earlier, 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does 
not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Although the Receivables included in the Cover Pool are originated 
by the Issuer, they are transferred to the Guarantor on a true sale basis and an insolvency of the Issuer 
would not automatically result in the insolvency of the Guarantor. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arrangers, 
the Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Programme, their 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and, 
after the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their 
respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Extraordinary Resolutions and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and 
interests of Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee against the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor; waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; defining, reducing or 
otherwise varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; altering 
the priority of payments of interest and principal on the Covered Bonds; and any other amendments to 
the Programme Documents. Certain resolutions are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions. 
A Programme Resolution will bind all Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether they attended the 
Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme Resolution. No Resolution, other than a Programme 
Resolution, passed by the holders of one Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of 
another Series unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the 
case may require, of the holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a Meeting of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of a Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective of 
whether they attended the Meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
In addition, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree to the modification of the 
Programme Documents without consulting Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error or where 
such modification (i) is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or an error established as 
such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or (ii) in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is expedient to make provided that it is not or will not be 
materially prejudicial to Covered Bondholders. It should also be noted that after the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders' rights against the 
Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its 
behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with 
the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders' rights against the Guarantor 
and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to 
commence proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the Meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors, as applicable, but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there 
is a conflict between these interests the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard 
solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and 
discretions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may not act on behalf of the Seller. This 
may lead to losses under the Covered Bonds.  
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such 
Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered 
Bondholders holding not less than 50 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Therefore, Covered Bondholders are exposed to the risk that such powers of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders are exercised against the interest of one or more Covered Bondholders and that 
the above could negatively affect the market value and/or risks in relation to its Covered Bonds. 
Extendible obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Investors should be aware of the possibility that amounts to be paid with respect to one or more Series 
of Covered Bonds may be paid at a later date than the one originally expected and provided under the 
relevant Final Terms. 
More in particular, upon failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of 
Covered Bonds on their relevant Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if payment of 
the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of 
the Covered Bonds is not made in full by the Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination 
Date, then payment of such Guaranteed Amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the 
Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that such Covered Bonds are subject to an 
extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity Date") to which the payment of all or (as applicable) 
part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on or before the Extension Determination Date. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received an Issuer Default Notice in sufficient time and has 
sufficient money available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make 
partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption Amount in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments and as described in Conditions 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and 10(b) (Effect of an Issuer 
Default Notice). Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will 
continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Extension 
of maturity) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts, constituting interest due on each Interest 
Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, Failure by the Issuer to pay 
the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date will (subject to any 
applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the Guarantor to pay the deferred 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will (subject to any 
applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Similarly, in respect of Covered Bonds that may be redeemed in instalments, if an Extended Instalment 
Date is specified in the Final Terms and both (a) the Issuer on the Covered Bond Instalment Date and 
(b) the Guarantor on the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date fail to pay a 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount, the requirement to pay such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and 
all subsequently due and payable Covered Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred by one year 
until their Extended Instalment Dates.  
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, 
each subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is 
possible that a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be 
deferred to a date falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
Therefore, Covered Bondholders or potential Covered Bondholders may not receive payments at the 
moment they anticipated to receive payments and these payments may not cover all amounts Covered 
Bondholders may expect to receive. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds (in which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series of 
Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will 
share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Following 
the service on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will use all 
monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall become due 
for payment subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor in Guarantee Priority 
of Payments. In such circumstances, the Issuer will only be entitled to receive payment from the 
Guarantor of any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to the extent not already 
paid or payable under other items of the Guarantee Priority of Payments, any principal due and payable 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and any Base Interest and Premium Interest due under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, after all amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of 
the Covered Bonds have been paid in full or have otherwise been provided for. Following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and repayable and Bondholders will then have a claim 
against the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Amount plus any interest accrued in respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued 
interest and any other amounts due under the Covered Bonds, and any Guarantor Available Funds will 
be distributed according to the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely 
affect existing holders of the Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Term Loan granted by the Issuer to the Guarantor under the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement may only be used by the Guarantor (i) as consideration for the acquisition of the 
Eligible Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; 
(ii) as consideration for the acquisition of the other Eligible Assets from the Seller pursuant to 
the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; and (iii) to credit on the Reserve Fund 
Account an amount, or establishing a cash reserve, sufficient to remedy a breach of the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement; and 
(b) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Tests are satisfied on each Test Calculation Date in order 
to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
However, should the above mentioned provisions not be followed by the relevant parties pursuant to 
the relevant Transaction Documents, then no assurance can be given as to the impact of any further 
issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to the adverse affect it may have on existing 
holders of the Covered Bonds. Further issues of Covered Bonds could have an adverse effect on the 
(the value of) Covered Bonds already issued and could ultimately lead to losses under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Limits to Integration 
The integration of the Cover Pool, through Eligible Assets, shall be carried out in accordance with the 
methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations. More specifically, 
integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of complying with (a) the Tests in accordance with 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (b) the overcollateralisation requirements as set forth by the 
Bank of Italy Regulations in accordance with article 129 of CRR. Investors should note that integration 
is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations and specified 
above: therefore no assurance can be given on the potential negative impact that the need to integrate 
the Cover Pool outside the circumstances set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations and specified above 
may have on the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds – No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and 
consult their tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will make the required 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered 
Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts pursuant 
to Condition 9 (Taxation) subject to customary exceptions including Decree No. 239 withholdings. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered 
Bondholders in relation to withholdings or deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law  
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and further amended to 
allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
interpretation of the application of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law as it relates to covered 
bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for Part III, 
Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Bank of Italy Regulations”) concerning guidelines 
on, among others, the valuation of assets, controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation, 
the liquidity reserve and the requirements for applying for the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
label.  
Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue further regulations relating to 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot be 
predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any changes of the rules and/or 
changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could 
give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative impacts on the 
operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and of the Programme.  
Furthermore, the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law has been amended by legislative decree No. 
190 of 5 November 2021 (the “Decree 190/2021”), which transposed into the Italian legal framework 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing 
regulations of the Title I-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended, in accordance 
with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 
July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended 
on 11 February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. Such amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, (i) the 
criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds 
among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for 
calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes and 
the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already existing as of 30 
March 2023; (iv) the possibility for banks having a rating corresponding at least to credit quality step 3 
to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes.  
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did 
not exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to 
lower the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
Consequently, given the novelty recent amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations and the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, it is possible that the issuance of further guidelines or 
implementing regulations relating to the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, or the interpretation thereof, may have an impact which cannot be predicted by the Issuer 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme before the publication of the Decree 190/2021, it is uncertain to assess the 
possible impacts which the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, as 
recently amended, may have. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees 
charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person 
or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of 
Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the 
relevant Covered Bonds, as no assurance can be given as to the potential negative effect such changes 
in fees may have on their return on an investment in Covered Bonds. 
Priority of Payments 
Recent English insolvency and U.S. bankruptcy court rulings may restrain parties from making or 
receiving payments in accordance with the order of priority agreed between them. 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual 
and/or trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of 
other creditors of its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that 
creditor. In particular, recent cases have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a swap 
counterparty’s payment rights in respect of certain termination payments upon the occurrence of 
insolvency proceedings or other default on the part of such counterparty (so-called “flip clauses”).  
The English Supreme Court has held that a flip clause as described above is valid under English law. 
Contrary to this, however, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court has held that such a subordination provision is 
unenforceable under U.S. bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such provision would violate 
the automatic stay which applies under such law in the case of a U.S. bankruptcy of the counterparty. 
However, a subsequent 2016 U.S. Bankruptcy Court decision held that in certain circumstances flip 
clauses are protected under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 
2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of 
New York, which 2018 decision was further affirmed on 11 August 2020 by the U.S. Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit. The implications of this conflict remain unresolved. 
If a creditor of the Guarantor (such as the Swap Providers) or a related entity becomes subject to 
insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, and it is owed a payment by the 
Guarantor, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in 
respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of subordination 
provisions included in the Italian law governed Programme Documents. In particular, based on the 
decision of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court referred to above, there is a risk that such subordination 
provisions would not be upheld under U.S. bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain 
circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as Swap Counterparty, including U.S. 
established entities and certain non-U.S. established entities with assets or operations in the U.S. 
(although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-U.S. entity is a bank 
with a licensed branch in a U.S. state). If a subordination provision included in the Programme 
Documents was successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside 
England and Wales and any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, 
there can be no assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders, the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Guarantor to satisfy its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above, there is 
a risk that the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition action by the 
English courts) may result in negative rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. If any rating 
assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.  
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Covered 
Bonds. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Covered Bonds. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be 
(1) treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended from 
time to time, the “CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to 
the Covered Bonds is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged 
to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Covered Bonds. As a 
result, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.  
Any ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country registered rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of 
the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use 
for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in 
the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set 
out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the First Issue 
Date, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions.  
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such 
Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Covered 
Bondholders. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered Bonds 
convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
those Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Covered 
Bonds. 
Interest rate risks 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Floating rate risks 
Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk for the Covered Bondholders of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate 
index “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark, such as Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the 
use of a “benchmark” within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in 
addition to so-called “critical benchmark” indices such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to 
many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and 
other indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Covered Bonds), financial contracts and investment funds. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a 
benchmark, including any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing EURIBOR, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” also include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial 
Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the IOSCO Benchmark Principles). 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for benchmarks 
to be used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as well as the 
quality and transparency of benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in February 
2015 on the status of the voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted that, as 
the benchmarks industry is in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by IOSCO in the 
future, but that it is too early to determine what those steps should be. The review noted that there 
has been a significant market reaction to the publication of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and 
widespread efforts being made to implement the IOSCO Benchmark Principles by the majority of 
administrators surveyed. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain “benchmarks”, (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, and/or (iii) leading to the 
discontinuance, unavailability or disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the 
designation of replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012. The new framework delegates the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks 
qualified as critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a 
benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the European Union. 
In particular, the designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract and any 
financial instrument as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to the law of a Member State. 
In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional 
period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further extend 
this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the 
Council of the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the 
Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force on the following day.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark.  
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that, if a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the 
Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of an Original Reference Rate), if 
applicable, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as further described in Condition 6(j) 
(Fallback Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, if applicable, an 
Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer may determine the 
replacement rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine an Alternative Rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Covered Bonds 
initially designated to be Floating Rate Covered Bonds. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. The use of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than 
or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the 
Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable with the Independent 
Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a 
conflict of interest. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to 
eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the 
Adjustment Spread to the Covered Bonds may not do so and may result in the Covered Bonds 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of Covered Bonds specified in the applicable Final Terms may be more than the market 
value of such Covered Bonds as of the issue date, and the price, if any at which a Dealer or any other 
person willing to purchase the Covered Bonds in secondary market transactions may be lower than the 
issue price. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. This may negatively affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Covered 
Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions and the Programme Documents may only be modified in accordance with the Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and, in the case of the Programme Documents, by 
agreement in writing signed by or on behalf of the parties to the relevant Programme Documents. Any 
such modification shall be notified in advance to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Rating Agency and agreed upon by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall be 
binding on the Other Creditors. 
Any modification to the Swap Basic Term Modification must be previously approved in writing by the 
Liability Swap Provider. The Liability Swap Provider agrees to subscribe any other amendment of the 
Programme Documents to which is party which have been agreed with the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the above. 
Risks related to the Guarantor 
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are due for payment

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay any Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee until the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, which may be delivered after the occurrence of 
(i) an Issuer Event of Default or (ii) a Resolution Event, unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant payment date. Such provision complies with 
Article 5 of the Directive (EU) 2019/2162, pursuant to which the payment obligations attached to 
Covered Bonds are not subject to automatic acceleration (which would be the case if a Guarantor 
Default Notice is delivered) upon the insolvency or resolution of the Issuer. Following service of an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts as and when the same are due for 
payment on each Interest Payment Date, provided that, in the case of any amounts representing the 
Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the original Maturity Date, the Guarantor 
may pay such amounts on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the Extended 
Maturity Date and in the case of the Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in instalments, the 
Guarantor may defer such instalments for a period of one year until the relevant Extended Instalment 
Date. Such Guaranteed Amounts will be paid subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee Priority 
of Payments or the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as applicable. In these circumstances the 
Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any other amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds which become 
payable for any other reason. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when due for payment under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee by service of a Guarantor Default Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will have a claim under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Amount of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and all other amounts then 
due under the Covered Bonds. Following service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts due from 
the Guarantor shall be applied by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, and Covered Bondholders will receive amounts from the 
Guarantor on an accelerated basis. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the 
Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Issuer and on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will be under an obligation to pay the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on (a) the amount of interest and principal generated 
by the Portfolio and the timing thereof and (b) amounts received from the Swap Providers. The 
Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Covered Bond Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of 
enforcement may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the 
Covered Bondholders. If, following enforcement and realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool, 
creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall.  
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. Covered 
Bondholders should therefore be aware of the fact that, in such circumstances, the Guarantor may not 
be able to pay interest and repay principal of the Covered Bonds in full. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been 
appointed to service Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and the Test Calculation Agent has been 
appointed to calculate and monitor compliance with the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and 
the Amortisation Test. In the event that any of these parties fails to perform its obligations under the 
relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof or 
pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold) the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the 
Servicer has failed to administer the Residential Mortgage Loans adequately, this may lead to higher 
incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The Guarantor is also reliant on the Swap Providers 
to provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee, as described 
in the following two investment considerations.  
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Substitute Servicer in its place. There can be no assurance 
that a Substitute Servicer with sufficient experience of administering mortgages of residential 
properties would be found who would be willing and able to service the Residential Mortgage Loans on 
the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of Substitute Servicer to perform fully the required 
services would depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available at the 
time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Substitute Servicer may affect the 
realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Servicer does not have any obligation to advance payments if the Debtors fail to make any 
payments in a timely fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any 
actions taken by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the 
Servicer or to monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To hedge against possible variations in the performance of the indexations in the Portfolio and 
EURIBOR with a certain designated maturity, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Asset Swap 
Agreements with one or more Asset Swap Providers. In addition, to mitigate against interest rate, basis 
risk, currency and/or other risks in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, the Guarantor is expected to enter into one or more Liability Swap Agreements with one 
or more Liability Swap Providers in respect of each Series.  
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement that may 
be entered into, then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted 
under that Swap Agreement. A Swap Provider, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement, 
is only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement.  
In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a 
default under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Provider may be obliged to make payments to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any 
amounts not paid by the Guarantor to a Swap Provider may in such circumstances incur additional 
amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which would rank senior to the amounts due on the Covered 
Bonds.  
If the Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make 
payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Guarantor on

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
the payment date under the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor may be exposed to changes in the 
relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In 
addition, subject to the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds not being adversely affected, the 
Guarantor may hedge only part of the possible risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient 
funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to 
the relevant Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds 
available to make such termination payment, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be 
able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with an adequately rated counterparty. In addition 
the Swap Agreements may provide that notwithstanding the downgrading of a Swap Provider and the 
failure by such Swap Provider to take the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the 
Guarantor may not terminate the Swap Agreement until a replacement swap provider has been found. 
There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement 
with a replacement swap counterparty with the required ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination 
payment will, following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, rank pari passu and pro rata with 
amounts due to Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, payments by the Guarantor under the Liability Swap 
Agreements and Asset Swap Agreements, including any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party, 
will rank pari passu and pro rata to amounts due on the Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of 
the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Differences in timings of obligations under the Liability Swap Agreements 
With respect to any Liability Swap Agreements, it is expected that the Guarantor will pay to the 
relevant Liability Swap Provider on each Guarantor Payment Date a fixed rate or a floating rate option 
such as, for Series of Covered Bonds denominated in Euro, a floating rate linked to EURIBOR. Each 
Liability Swap Provider is expected to make corresponding swap payments to the Guarantor on the 
Interest Payment Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, which could be any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms (as 
adjusted in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Due to the mis-match in timing of payments under the Liability Swap Agreements, on many Guarantor 
Payment Dates, the Guarantor will be required to make a payment to the Liability Swap Provider 
without receiving a payment in return and therefore there can be no netting of payments except on the 
date when the Liability Swap Provider is required to make a payment to the Guarantor. 
No gross up on withholding tax 
In respect of payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, to the extent that 
the Guarantor is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes of any kind 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy from such payments, the Guarantor will not 
be under an obligation to pay any additional amounts to Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether 
such withholding or deduction arises from existing legislation or its application or interpretation as at 
the relevant Issue Date or from changes in such legislation, application or official interpretation after 
the Issue Date. 
Sale of Eligible Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
If an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor will be 
obliged to sell Eligible Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the 
Guarantor's creditors including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, see "Overview of 
the Programme Documents" – "Cover Pool Management Agreement". 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Eligible Assets at the times required and 
there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which can be obtained for such Eligible Assets, 
which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Eligible Assets may not 
be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect 
of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Extended Maturity Date under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of such Covered Bonds. In the 
six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is 
obliged to sell such Eligible Assets for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such 
price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
 
Risks related to the Cover Pool and the Residential Mortgage Loans  
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Residential 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will 
frequently change due to, for instance: 
• 
the Seller selling further Residential Mortgage Loans (or types of loans, which are of a type that 
have not previously been comprised in the relevant Portfolio transferred to the Guarantor); and 
• 
the Seller repurchasing Residential Mortgage Loans in accordance with the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement. 
Therefore, the information received by Covered Bondholders may not reflect all and/or the most recent 
statistics or information in relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans. 
However, each Residential Mortgage Loan will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria (see 
"Description of the Cover Pool — Eligibility Criteria") and will be subject to the representations and 
warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement – see "Overview of the Programme 
Documents – Warranty and Indemnity Agreement". In addition, the Nominal Value Test is intended to 
ensure that the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool is at least equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding 
and the Test Calculation Agent will provide monthly reports that will set out certain information in 
relation to the Statutory Tests. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Eligible Assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by: 
• 
default by Debtors of amounts due on their Residential Mortgage Loans; 
• 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller; 
• 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Residential Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool; 
• 
Usury Law;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
• 
compounding interest; 
• 
mortgage borrower protection; and 
• 
renegotiations of floating rate Residential Mortgage Loans. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Eligibility Criteria are intended 
to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Residential Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool and 
moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds 
following an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and on the 
Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Eligible Assets could be 
realised for sufficient prices to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.  
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on their Residential Mortgage Loans 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Residential Mortgage Loans for a variety of 
reasons. The Residential Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. 
Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and 
the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international 
economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and 
government policies. Other factors in Debtors' individual, personal or financial circumstances may 
affect the ability of Debtors to repay the Residential Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce 
and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default by and bankruptcies of Debtors, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of Debtors to repay the Residential Mortgage Loans. In 
addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for Residential Mortgage Loan at 
a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Residential Mortgage Loan will depend 
upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that 
property and property values in general at the time. Investors should be aware that the 
abovementioned circumstances may have a negative impact on the future cashflows of the Issuer and 
on its ability to pay interest and principal of the Covered Bonds. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Residential Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance 
with its lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller's lending criteria will 
generally consider type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, mortgage 
indemnity guarantee policies, high loan-to-value fees, status of applicants and credit history. In the 
event of the sale or transfer of any Residential Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the Seller will warrant 
that such Residential Mortgage Loans were originated in accordance with the Seller's lending criteria 
applicable at the time of origination The Seller retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time 
to time subject to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. However, if such lending criteria 
change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Residential Mortgage Loans, that may lead 
to increased defaults by Debtors and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability 
of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, it should be noted 
that Defaulted Receivables in the Cover Pool will be given a reduced weighting for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Residential 
Mortgage Loans is subject to a number of legal risks. These include the risks set out below. 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law is governed by article

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Consolidated Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation 
of such provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of 
(i) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(La Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of 
assignment in the local Companies' Registry. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject 
to the direct rights of the Debtors against the Seller or, as applicable the relevant Originator, including 
rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration 
at the local Companies' Registry. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by Debtors may adversely 
affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Moreover, Destinazione Italia Decree introduced certain amendments to article 4 of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bond Law. As a consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the 
Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
Usury Law 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended by law decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (the 
"Usury Law") introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher 
than rates (the "Usury Rates") set every three months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian 
Treasury. In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other 
advantages and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the 
amount lent (taking into account the specific circumstances of the transaction and the average rate 
usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) the person who paid or agreed to pay was in financial 
and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or remuneration has the 
same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain judgements issued during 
2000, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the Usury Law applied both to loans 
advanced prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury Law.  
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued law decree No. 394 (the “Decree 394”), 
converted into law by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the uncertainty about 
the interpretation of the Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest will be deemed to be usurious 
only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeded the Usury Rates at the time when the loan 
agreement or any other credit facility was entered into or the interest rate was agreed. The Decree 
394, as interpreted by the Italian Constitutional Court by decision No. 29 of 14 February 2002, also 
provided that as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in 1998 and 
1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 31 December 2000 on fixed rate loans (other 
than subsidised loans) already entered into on the date such decree came into force (such date being 
31 December 2000) are to be substituted, except where the parties have agreed to more favourable 
terms, with a lower interest rate set in accordance with parameters fixed by such decree by reference 
to the average gross yield of multiannual treasury bonds (Buoni Tesoro Poliennali) in the period from 
January 1986 to October 2000. 
According to certain court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), the 
remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from time to time 
applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a breach of the 
Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at the time the 
terms of the financing were agreed but becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any point in 
time thereafter. Furthermore, those court precedents have also stated that default interest rates are 
relevant and must be taken into account when calculating the aggregate remuneration of any given 
financing for the purposes of determining its compliance with the applicable Usury Rate. That

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for determining the Usury Rates, 
considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never took into 
account the default interest rates. On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in an official 
document that default interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the Statutory 
Usury Rates and has acknowledged that there is a discrepancy between the methods utilised to 
determine the remuneration of any given financing (which must include default rates) and the 
applicable statutory Usury Rates against which the former must be compared. 
To solve such a contrast between different Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) decisions, a 
recent decision by the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 
24675 dated 18 July 2017) finally stated that interest rates which were compliant with the Usury Rate 
as at the time of the execution of the financing agreements but exceeded such threshold thereafter, 
are lawful also from a civil law perspective falling outside of the scope of the Usury Law. 
In addition, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 
dated 18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, 
also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with 
the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the 
‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the 
entire amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme Court.  
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Receivables and the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, 
the amount payable by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders may be subject to reduction, 
renegotiation or repayment. The occurrence of such event shall reduce the amount of collections and 
recoveries of the Issuer with a negative impact of its ability to pay interest and repay principal under 
the Covered Bonds. 
Compound interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued 
interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal 
proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian 
Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary 
practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have 
traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could 
be characterised as a customary practice. However, a number of recent judgements from Italian courts 
(including judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) have held that such 
practices may not be defined as customary practices. Consequently if Debtors were to challenge this 
practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be upheld before other 
courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Residential Mortgage 
Loans may be prejudiced. Therefore, potential investors should be aware of the potential negative 
impact of application by the merits courts of such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code on the 
recoveries and cash flows of the Issuer. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 
August 1999 (“Decree No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted 
pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest 
(anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be 
valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer possible upon the terms 
established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged 
and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared as 
unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued 
interest shall not produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively 
on the principal amount. On 8 August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the 
Minister of Economy and Finance, in his quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, 
paragraph 2, of the of the Consolidated Banking Act, has been published. Given the novelty of this new 
legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new legislation 
may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may have a potential negative impact 
on the Portfolio. Indeed, if Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that such 
interpretation of the Italian civil code would be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy and 
that the returns generated from the relevant Residential Mortgage Loans may be prejudiced. The 
occurrence of such event shall reduce the amount of collections and recoveries of the Guarantor with a 
negative impact of its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Please make reference to section “The Issuer” – Paragraph “Litigation on the matter of compound 
interest/usury” on page 161 of this Base Prospectus for further details in respect of the Issuer.  
Mortgage borrower protection  
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors 
and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant 
applicable laws and regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage 
loan, without incurring a penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the right to the 
substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-
owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and for 
a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to suspend the payment of principal 
instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) the automatic suspension of 
instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, both individuals and 
businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the relevant laws 
and regulations. 
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Portfolio could be subject to suspension of 
payments, as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not 
be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could 
affect the ability of the issuer to pay timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the 
activities necessary for the servicing of the Portfolio.  
 
Renegotiations of floating rate Residential Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 
(“Law 126”) which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate 
mortgage loans granted for the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets 
used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) 
and the ABI entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of such 
floating rate mortgage loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over 
(accollati), also further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 
2008. Pursuant to the Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
loan agreements will be recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the 
floating rate interest rates applied under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the 
initial principal amount and for the original final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if 
the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 
2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment due after the date on which the 
mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The difference between 
the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that the 
borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to 
a bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 
10 (ten) IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the 
relevant mortgage loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if 
positive, credited to such bank account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the 
outstanding debt on the bank account will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments 
equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, and the amortisation plan will be determined on 
the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank account, and (ii) the rate applicable 
pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on the original final maturity 
date of the mortgage loan. 
The legislation referred to in each subparagraph above may constitute an adverse effect on the Cover 
Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the 
over-collateralisation required. 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016 (the “Mortgage 
Legislative Decree”), implementing the Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable 
property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
(the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit 
for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) 
residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights 
on a residential immovable. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and 
information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the 
consumers and provides that without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian civil code, the parties may 
expressly agree in a specific clause at the closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of the 
borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non- payment of an amount equal to 
eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer or the sale of the mortgaged 
assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value of the assets or the 
proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor in 
relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the 
sale of the assets is higher than the remaining amount due by the debtor, the excess amount shall be 
returned to the consumer. According to the Mortgage Legislative Decree the Bank of Italy and the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance shall enact implementing provisions of such decree. In this respect, 
on 30 September 2016, the Bank of Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on transparency 
and correctness in the relationships between intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in 
materia di trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
intermediari e clienti) of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, in order to implement the 
transparency provisions of laid down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and by the Mortgage Legislative 
Decree. 
Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the 
impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will not 
adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and to apply the proceeds deriving from the realisation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all 
secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as described in the 
section entitled "Cashflows" below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient 
to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds 
and the Programme Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor then the 
Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. Investors should therefore be 
aware that following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default the Guarantor may not be able to 
repay all amounts due under the Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the market which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with the Covered Bonds issued under the programme  
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and 
there can be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will 
develop. The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or entities in the 
United States of America or registered under any securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions 
on the resale and other transfers thereof as set forth under section entitled "Subscription and Sale". If 
an active or liquid secondary market develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or 
it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered 
Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will 
enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired yield. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect 
on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme might 
not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing 
information may be more difficult to be obtained and the liquidity and market prices of such Covered 
Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its 
Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might 
additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may 
impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. As a 
result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Controls over the transaction 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require certain controls to be performed by the Issuer aimed at, inter 
alia, mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is 
not complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls 
in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that 
such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure to 
properly implement the respective policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or 
the Guarantor's ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Changes of law 
The structure of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds is based on Italian law (and, in the 
case of the Swap Agreements and the Deed of Charge, English law) in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Italian or English law 
or administrative practice or to the law applicable to any Programme Document and to administrative 
practices in the relevant jurisdiction or that any such change will not negatively impact the structure of 
the Programme and the treatment of the Covered Bonds. Except to the extent that any such changes 
represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus containing a material mistake or 
inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European 
Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the 
“Regulation”).  
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and introduce 
standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in particular, 
the new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered 
bonds eligible for favourable capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the 
regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. The Regulation apply from 8 July 
2022.  
On 10 February 2022, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation amending liquidity 
coverage rules for covered bond issuers amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (the “LCR 
Delegated Regulation”) to supplement the CRR on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) requirements. The 
LCR Delegated Regulation is applicable since 8 July 2022 to all credit institutions, including those 
issuing covered bonds, and it permits credit institutions to treat liquid assets held as part of the cover 
pool liquidity buffer as unencumbered up to the amount of net liquidity outflows from the associated 
covered bond programme.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) entered 
into force. It delegated the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 has been transposed into the Italian legal framework by Decree 
190/2021, which designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of 
the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the Title 
I-bis of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, 
of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as 
amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended 
on 11 February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. Such amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the 
definition of (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including 
covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the 
procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance 
programmes and the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already 
existing as of 30 March 2023; (iv) the possibility for banks having a rating corresponding at least to 
credit quality step 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes.  
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did 
not exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to 
lower the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty recent amendments to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the new legislative framework has not yet 
been tested and thus possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk 
that certain changes may need to be reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to continue to be compliant with the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. Under certain conditions provided under the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, 
without the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, concur with the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making modifications to the Programme 
Documents which, inter alia, are of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of law, including the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of 
Italy Regulations, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and the relevant implementation. 
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, in addition to 
any other regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can 
be no assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any 
transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any 
applicable law or regulation, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could 
adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Regulatory framework 
The Issuer is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity 
performed by the relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and 
CONSOB). Both aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to 
continuous updates and practice developments.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Furthermore, and among others, the Issuer – as a bank - is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU, that 
is the so-called Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”), as implemented in the Italian legal 
framework. 
Moreover, the Issuer is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Issuer, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the 
financial and banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and 
consumer protection. 
Although the Issuer undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the 
rules and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent 
authorities could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative 
impacts on the operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Issuer. 
For further details, please see the "Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer" on page 161 of 
this Base Prospectus. 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Label 
 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
provided that the Covered Bonds are in compliance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the 
Bank of Italy Regulations and the CRR, and the Cover Pool comprises of only assets listed in Article 
129(1) of the CRR (and the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). 
Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the 
fulfilment of legal requirements under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the CRR, investors 
should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Covered Bonds and assess autonomously the compliance of the Covered Bonds with the 
applicable regulatory framework at the time when the relevant investment is made and at any time 
thereafter. No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool 
(including, without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any 
label assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered 
Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)). Furthermore, no assurance is given whether 
Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond (Premium) will continue to maintain such label even 
after their issuance.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes an overview of the structure relating to the Programme. The following 
overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview. 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SWAP  Provider(s) 
 
POPSO Covered Bond Srl 
(Guarantor) 
 
BPS (Issuer) 
Covered Bondholders 
Guarantee 
Representative of 
the Covered 
Bondholders 
BPS (Seller) 
Transfer of Assets 
and Subordinated 
Loan 
Purchase Price and 
Repayment of 
Subordinated Loan 
Asset Monitor

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information, 
which has been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
which have been or are filed with the CSSF: 
(a) 
English translation of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2023, available here. 
(b) 
English translation of the Issuer’s consolidated non-financial report as at 31 December 2022 
and the relevant auditor’s report, available here. 
(c) 
English translation of the audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial 
statements of the Issuer and the English translation of the relevant independent auditor’s 
reports as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2022, available here.  
(d) 
English translation of the audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial 
statements of the Issuer and the English translation of the relevant independent auditor’s 
reports as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2021, available here.  
(e) 
English translation of the Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2022, available here. 
(f) 
English translation of the independent auditor’s report in respect of the Financial Statements of 
the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2022, available here. 
(g) 
English translation of the Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2021, available here.  
(h) 
English translation of the independent auditor’s report in respect of the Financial Statements of 
the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2021, available here. 
(i) 
Press release “The SREP requirements of BPS for 2024. Bank’s capital ratios well above new 
targets” published on 1 December 2023, available here. 
(j) 
Press release “DBRS Morningstar upgrades Banca Popolare di Sondrio’s trend from 'stable' to 
'positive' due to strong financial fundamentals” published on 13 November 2023, available here. 
(k) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio largely exceeds MREL 2024 requirements” 
published on 8 November 2023, available here. 
(l) 
Press release headed “Board of Directors' meeting of 7 November 2023: consolidated Interim 
Management Statements as at 30 September 2023 approved” published on 7 November 2023, 
available here. 
(m) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio successfully places new 500 million euro 
Covered Bond issue for institutional investors” published on 17 October 2023, available here. 
(n) 
Press release headed “BPS successfully places new 500 million euro Senior Preferred Green issue 
for institutional investors” published on 19 September 2023, available here. 
(o) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2023 ECB/SSM stress test 
confirm the Group’s capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario” published 
on 28 July 2023, available here. 
(p) 
Press release headed “Fitch Ratings confirms all ratings of Banca Popolare di Sondrio” published 
on 6 July 2023, available here. 
(q) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders set out under the Base Prospectus dated 1 August 2023, available here.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for: (i) the unaudited condensed consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2023; (ii) the statements, 
the notes, including the accounting policies and the independent auditor’s reports relating to the 
consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statetememts of the Issuer as at and for the 
years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2021; (iii) the consolidated non-financial report at 31 
December 2022 and the relevant independent auditor’s report; and (iv) the statements, the notes, 
including the accounting policies and the independent auditor’s reports relating to the financial 
statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2021.  
The audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements referred to above, 
together with the independent auditor’s reports thereon, and the unaudited condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements are available both in the original in Italian language and in English 
language. The English language versions represent a direct translation from the Italian language 
documents. The Issuer and the Guarantor are responsible for the English translations of the financial 
reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus as applicable and declare that such is an 
accurate and not misleading translation in all material respects of the Italian language version of the 
Issuer's and Guarantor's financial reports. 
Copies of the Issuer’s financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the Issuer's website (http://www.popso.it). This 
Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's web site (www.luxse.com).  
Cross-reference List 
The following tables show, inter alia, the information required under Annex 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (in respect of the Issuer and the Guarantor) that can be found in the above-mentioned 
financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
 
Issuer’s Financial Statements and Reports 
Issuer’s half-yearly Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2023 
 
 
 
Interim management report as at 30 June 2023 
 
Pages 
10-48 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
Pages 
50-51 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
Page 
52 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 
 
Page 
53 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
Pages 
54-55 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
Pages 
56-57 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
 
Pages 
58-172 
Review report on the interim condensed consolidated financial 
statements 
 
Pages 
176-1771 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and 
 
2022 
2021 
                                                        
1 Page reference is made to pdf format of the document. 
Document 
Page numbers

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
for the years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2021 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages  468-469 
430-431 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 
470 
432 
Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income 
Page 
471 
433 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Equity 
Pages 
472-473 
434-435 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 
474-475 
436-437 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 
477-666 
439-622 
Independent Auditor’s Report on the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer 
Pages 
669-675 of 
6902 
625-631 
Separate (Non-consolidated) financial statements as at and for the 
years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2021  
 
2022 
2021 
Balance Sheet 
Pages  190-191 
168-169 
Income Statement 
Page 
192 
170 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Pages 
193-194 
171 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 
195 
172-173 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 
196-197 
174-175 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages  199-406 
177-364 
Attachments to the Financial Statements 
Pages 
407-427 
365-389 
Independent Auditor’s Report on the separate financial statements 
of the Issuer 
Pages 
431-437 
of 6903 
393-399 
Consolidated non-financial report as at 31 December 2022 
Letter to stakeholders 
Highlights 
Who we are, what we do and we believe in 
Methodological note 
The war in Ukraine and its repercussions 
Environment: the commitment to the climate and the environment 
Social: the commitment to a social and inclusive economy 
Governance: a sustainable administration 
Glossary 
GRI Content Index 
UN Global Compact – Communication On Progress 
 
Pages X-XI 
Pages XII-XIII 
Pages 3-59 
Pages 60-77 
Pages 78-79 
Pages 80-157 
Pages 161-217 
Pages 221-259 
Pages 260-263 
Pages 264-271 
Pages 272-273 
Pages 
274-
                                                        
2 Page reference is made to pdf format of the document. 
3 Page reference is made to pdf format of the document.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
276 of 2824 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 9-10 
Income Statement 
Page 11 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 12 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 13 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 14-15 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 16-56 
Independent Auditor’s report on the Financial Statements of the 
Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2021 
Entire Document 
 
 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2022 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 
8-9 
Income Statement 
Pages 
10-11 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 
12 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 
13 
Statement of Cash Flow 
Pages 
14-15 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 
16-55 
Independent Auditor’s report on the Financial Statements of the 
Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2022 
 
                     Entire Document 
 
 
Press release “The SREP requirements of BPS for 2024. Bank’s capital ratios 
well above new targets” published on 1 December 2023. 
Entire Document 
Press release “DBRS Morningstar upgrades Banca Popolare di Sondrio’s 
trend from 'stable' to 'positive' due to strong financial fundamentals” 
published on 13 November 2023. 
Entire Document 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio largely exceeds MREL 2024 
requirements” published on 8 November 2023. 
Entire Document 
Press release headed “Board of Directors' meeting of 7 November 2023: 
consolidated Interim Management Statements as at 30 September 2023 
approved” published on 7 November 2023 
Entire Document 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio successfully places new 
500 million euro Covered Bond issue for institutional investors” published 
on 17 October 2023. 
Entire Document 
                                                        
4 Page reference is made to pdf format of the document.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Press release headed “BPS successfully places new 500 million euro Senior 
Preferred Green issue for institutional investors” published on 19 
September 2023 
Entire Document 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2023 
ECB/SSM stress test confirm the Group’s capital strength both in the 
baseline and in the adverse scenario” published on 28 July 2023 
Entire Document 
Press release headed “Fitch Ratings confirms all ratings of Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio” published on 6 July 2023 
Entire Document 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders set out under the Base Prospectus 
approved on 1 August 2023  
 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 68-115 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
Pages 116-140 
 
 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above 
which is not included in the cross-reference list in this Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or 
is covered elsewhere in this Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form 
part of this Prospectus. 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Covered Bonds on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if there shall occur any adverse change in the business or 
financial position of the Issuer or any change in the information set out under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds”, that is material in the context of issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or, as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue by the Issuer of Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions" and, each 
of them, a "Condition"). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the 
"Covered Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bond will be 
held by Euronext Securities Milan (as defined below) on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until 
redemption and cancellation for the account of each relevant Euronext Securities Milan Account 
Holder. Euronext Securities Milan shall act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered 
Bonds will at all times be in book entry form and title to the bonds be evidenced by book entries with 
Euronext Securities Milan in accordance with the provisions of (i) Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998 and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 
and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit 
of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to, and 
forming part of, these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may specify issue-specific details not known on the date of approval which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, complete the Conditions for the 
purpose of such Tranche. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. (“BPS” or the "Issuer") has established a Covered Bond 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 5,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds") guaranteed by POPSO Covered Bond 
S.r.l. (the "Guarantor"). Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Title 1-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 
April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law") and Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented, containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le 
banche" (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the 
"Final Terms") which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated 22 July 2014 (the "Covered 
Bond Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments 
due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme 
and to the Other Issuer Creditors. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover 
pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Issuer the issue price specified in the Final Terms for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date 
under the terms of a programme agreement dated 22 July 2014 (the "Programme Agreement") 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the dealer(s) named therein (the "Dealers"), as supplemented (if applicable) by a 
subscription agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms (the "Subscription 
Agreement"). In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. as representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders"), as described in Condition 12 (Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement 
In a mandate agreement with Euronext Securities Milan ("Euronext Securities Milan") (the 
"Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement"), Euronext Securities Milan has agreed to 
provide the Issuer with certain depository and administration services in relation to the Covered 
Bonds. 
(f) 
Master Definitions Agreement 
In a master definitions agreement dated 22 July 2014 (the "Master Definitions Agreement") 
between certain of the parties to each of the Programme Documents (as defined below), the 
definitions of certain terms used in the Programme Documents have been agreed. 
(g) 
The Covered Bonds 
Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered 
Bonds" are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all 
references to "each Series of Covered Bonds" are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
(h) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
The Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral 
part of, these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the "Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders" include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with 
the provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto. 
(i) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Programme Documents and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Programme Documents 
and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders applicable to them. Copies of the 
Programme Documents are available for inspection by the Covered Bondholders during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from 
time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent (as 
defined below). 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
Unless defined under Condition 1 (Introduction) above, in these Conditions the following 
expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Collection Account, the 
Reserve Fund Account, the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap Collateral Securities Account 
and any other account opened from time to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, in its capacity as account bank, or any other 
depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Account Bank to 
the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Account Bank Report Date” means the date falling on the 5th Business Day of each month. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Affected Receivables” has the meaning ascribe to such term under clause 8.1 (Pagamento 
dell'Indennizzo) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Agents” means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the 
Corporate Servicer. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation 
Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test 
Calculation Date following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice), the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount 
at least equal to the principal amount of the issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant 
Test Calculation Date. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 
3.2 (Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Arrangers" means BNP Paribas and Banca Finint. 
“Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 
74 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing 
that an Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
“Asset Coverage Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 2.6 of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
“Asset Monitor” means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor, or any other 
entity that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the 
date hereof between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer. 
"Asset Swap Agreements" means any asset swap agreement that may be entered into between

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
the Guarantor and a counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement. 
“Asset Swap Provider” means counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement that may be 
entered into. 
“Back-up Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity which may 
be appointed by the Guarantor, with the approval by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, pursuant to Clause 7 (Back-Up Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
“Back-up Servicing Agreement” means the back-up servicing agreement entered into, inter 
alios, by the Guarantor and the Back-up Servicer on 5 August 2019 and any other back-up 
servicing agreement which may be entered into by the Guarantor in the context of the 
Programme. 
“Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group” means a banking group whose structure includes Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. as parent company. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means the regulations relating to 
covered bonds contained in Part III, Chapter 3 of “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” 
(Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Base Interest” means the interest payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the 
Covered Bonds and the establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from 
time to time. 
"Beneficiaries" means the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer's Creditors as beneficiaries 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
"Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 
(as amended and supplemented from time to time), containing the regulations of the “Business 
Crisis and Insolvency Code” (Codice della Crisi d’Impresa e dell’Insolvenza). 
“Business Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross 
Transfer System (T2) (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be brought back 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
Relevant Date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the Relevant Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date” means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
date falling on the second Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance 
Report assessing that a breach of Test has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) 
the first day of the month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar 
month until such time the relevant breach of Test has been cured or otherwise remedied in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement). 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, 
management and payments agreement, entered into on or about the date hereof between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, 
the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent and the Account Bank. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgages) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment 
and/or repayment of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgages Loan Agreement. 
"Collection Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 54 L 03479 01600 000800951300, or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
“Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December of each 
year. 
“Collection Period” means each quarterly period commencing on (and including) the first 
calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year and ending on (and including) the 
last calendar day of March, June, September and December and, in the case of the first 
Collection Period, commencing on (and including) the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and 
including) the last day of September 2014 (included). 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the 
Receivables comprised in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
“Conditions” means this terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a 
clause of them. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Consolidated Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Corporate Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
“Corporate Services Agreement means the corporate services agreement entered into on or 
about 30 May 2014, between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the 
Corporate Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor. 
“Covered Bonds” means any and all the covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued 
or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
Programme Agreement. 
“Covered Bond Guarantee” means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of 
guaranteeing the payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer’s 
Creditors, in accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the 
Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to 
be redeemed on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series 
of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered 
Bond Instalment Date, the date falling seven Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment 
Date; 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets held by the 
Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the 
Bank of Italy Regulations. 
“Cover Pool Management Agreement” means the cover pool management agreement entered 
into, on or about the date hereof between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and 
recovery of the Receivables attached as Schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Dealer(s)" means BNP Paribas and any other entity which may be nominated as such by the 
Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 
(Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Relevant Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA) " is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
1. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
2. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 







360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 







360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 







360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period. 
"Debtor" means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the 
payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Residential Mortgage Loan, as a 
consequence, inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the 
borrower's obligation pursuant to a Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement under an accollo, or 
otherwise. 
"Decree No. 239" means Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge that may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors) in order to charge the rights arising under the Swap 
Agreements.  
“Deed of Pledge” means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into, on or about the date hereof, 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting 
on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and of the Other Creditors). 
“Defaulted Receivable” means any Receivables which has been for at least 180 consecutive days 
In Arrears, or which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
“Defaulting Party” has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Delinquent Loan” means any Residential Mortgage Loan in relation to which there are 1 (one) or 
more Delinquent Receivables. 
“Delinquent Receivable” means any Receivable in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more 
Instalments due and not paid by the relevant Debtor for more than 30 days and which has not 
been classified as Defaulted Receivable. 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or 
have the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series. 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
“Eligible Assets” means the assets contemplated under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law. 
“Eligible Institution” means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a 
member of the European Union or United Kingdom or of the United States (to the extent that 
United States are a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank 
of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised approach), (i) whose short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least "F1" by Fitch 
and (ii) whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
rated at least “A" by Fitch or any other lower rating that do not affect the current rating of the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
outstanding Covered Bonds, provided however that any such bank qualifies for the “credit 
quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in the 
European union and (b) the exposure vis-à-vis such bank has a maturity not exceeding 100 
(one-hundred) days, in which case it may qualify for the “credit quality step 2” pursuant to 
Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt 
instruments (including without limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) 
which: 
a) 
are denominated in Euro; 
b) 
have a maturity not exceeding the next following Eligible Investment Maturity Date or 
which are repayable on demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without 
penalty; 
c) 
(except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other 
financial instruments (i) rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up 
to the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) 
rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the 
next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 calendar days; or 
d) 
in the case of a deposits, to the extent that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible 
Institution at its branch located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the 
relevant maturity is up to the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 
calendar days or (ii) any depository institution located in the Republic of Italy or in the 
United Kingdom rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature 
the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 calendar days, 
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series 
of Covered Bond and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being 
lower than the initially invested amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt 
instruments do not consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or 
similar claims nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme 
otherwise be invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or 
ranking at any time, and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” 
pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the 
European union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it may qualify for 
“credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from 
time to time pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European 
Community. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
"Euronext Securities Milan" means Euronext Securities Milan, having its registered office at 
Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan 
(as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law Consolidated 
Act.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
“Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about 
the First Issue Date between the Issuer and Euronext Securities Milan. 
“Euro Equivalent” means has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“European Economic Area” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Receivables" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Test Calculation Date, 
those Receivables the aggregate Outstanding Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by 
reason of which the Portfolios comprised in the Cover Pool are in excess (as nominal value, 
interest coverage and net present value) of any Eligible Assets necessary to satisfy all Tests on 
the relevant Test Calculation Date; minus (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal of those 
Receivables indicated by the Servicer as Affected Receivables pursuant to the provisions of 
clause 8.1 (Payment of Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement.  
"Expiry Date" means the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full 
in accordance with their terms and conditions. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any 
third party creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer’s Creditors and the 
Other Creditors) arising in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid (as 
determined in accordance with the Corporate Services Agreement) in order to preserve the 
existence of the Guarantor or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Expenses Account Bank, IBAN IT 12 V 01030 61621 000001331796, or such 
other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Expenses Account Bank" means Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. in its capacity of account 
bank for the Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account or any such other depositary 
institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a 
Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant 
Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption payments in relation to a 
specific Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the 
relevant Maturity Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms.  
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date 
falling seven Business Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
“Final Maturity Date” means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in 
full or cancelled.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds 
to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or 
before the Issue Date of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Financial Law Consolidated Act” means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 as 
amended from time to time. 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the 
Covered Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional 
amounts payable to the Covered Bondholders under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer)) 
and (ii) the Other Issuer Creditors pursuant to the relevant Programme Documents. 
“Guaranteed Obligations” means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the 
Guaranteed Amounts. 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, but prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with 
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guarantor" means POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
“Guarantor Available Funds” means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds. 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. acting as guarantor 
calculation agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
“Guarantor Default Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
“Guarantor Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of 
Default).  
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, acting in its capacity as guarantor 
paying agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the 22nd day of January, April, July and October of each year or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day and the First Guarantor Payment Date will 
be 22 October 2014; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on 
which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Period” means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
“Guarantor Payments Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
the Guarantor and held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 08 N 03479 01600 000800951302 or 
such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Residential Mortgage Loans, any amount which has 
become due and payable by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more 
than five consecutive Business Days. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, 
purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as 
defined in the Consolidated Banking Act; and 
(B) 
in respect of any company, entity, or corporation other than the Issuer, that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable 
procedure 
of 
judicial 
liquidation, 
liquidation, 
administrative 
compulsory 
liquidation, any insolvency proceedings pursuant to the legislation applicable from 
time to time (including, inter alia and by way of example, pursuant to and for the 
purposes of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), instrument or measure for 
the regulation of crisis and insolvency (including, without limitation, and merely by 
way of example, the "concordato preventivo", “piano di ristrutturazione soggetto a 
omologazione”, “accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti”, as well as the “piano 
attestato di risanamento” pursuant to the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), 
insolvency 
and/or 
restructuring 
procedures 
or 
procedures 
or 
similar 
instruments/measures pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time 
(including, but not limited to, application for liquidation, restructuring, dissolution 
procedures, access to any of the measures set forth in the Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code) or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets 
of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any 
procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any 
portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further 
programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the 
advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in 
good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement (and/or access to) of any of the proceedings 
under (i) above is made in respect of or by such company or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company, entity or corporation 
and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in 
this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the commencement 
of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in 
case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme Documents) or is 
granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any 
of the events under article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to 
such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-up, 
corporate reorganization or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a 
solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously 
approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings 
equivalent or analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which 
such company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
“Insolvency Official” means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency 
procedure which may be opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment 
due from the relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a 
Principal Instalment or consists of an Interest Instalment only. 
“Insurance Companies” means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
“Insurance Policies” means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in 
relation to each Real Estate Asset and each Residential Mortgage Loan. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the intercreditor agreement entered into, on or about the date 
hereof between the Guarantor and the Other Creditors. 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation 
Date; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Servicer and credited to 
the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation 
Date; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts (excluding the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral 
Securities Account) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(d) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(e) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any 
Swap Provider other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and any principal 
payments under the Swap Agreements; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement; 
(g) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account; and 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Guarantor Available Funds and other than any principal amounts) received by the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents; and 
(i) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of 
the Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest 
Coverage Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
 “Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date 
(in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in 
any other case). 
“Investors Report Date” means 2 Business Days after each the Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent on or prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Servicer, the Guarantor 
Paying Agent and the Issuer Paying Agent, setting out certain information with respect to the 
Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
 “Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a Interest Payment Date (or, 
in case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, in case of the last Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date). 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered 
Bonds, in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default; 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
"Liability Swap Agreements" means the swap agreements that may be entered into on or about 
each Issue Date between the Guarantor and a Liability Swap Provider.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a liability swap provider to the Guarantor 
pursuant to a Liability Swap Agreement. 
“Liquidity Reserve Requirement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.6 (Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"LTV" means, with respect to a Residential Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined 
as the ratio between the value of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan and the value of a Real 
Estate Asset as calculated in accordance with the applicable Prudential Regulations. 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent" means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into, on or about the date hereof 
between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into 
on 30 May 2014 between the Guarantor and the Seller. 
“Maturity Date” means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered 
Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Member State” means a member State of the European Union. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Servicer on each Monthly 
Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the 
relevant Collection Period, prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered 
by the Servicer, inter alios, to the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
the date falling on the tenth calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“Mortgages” means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets 
pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage 
in favour of the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of 
a Residential Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
“Negative Carry Factor” means “0.5%” or such higher percentage procured by the Issuer on 
behalf of the Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to 
the Test Calculation Agent. 
“Net Present Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present 
Value Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Net Present Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising 
Eligible Assets, which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
and subject to the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Nominal Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value 
Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Obligations” means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the 
Programme Documents. 
“Offer Date" means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) Business Days 
prior to each Transfer Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. 
“Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
"Other Creditors" means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Provider, the 
Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, the Back-up Servicer and any other creditors 
which may, from time to time, be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying 
Agent, any Liability Swap Provider, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor which may 
from time to time be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum of 
all (i) Principal Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not yet 
due at such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds 
or, where applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; 
minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in 
respect of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes 
of Title II (Meetings of the Covered Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of 
Covered Bondholders, the principal amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of 
(where applicable) all such Series held by, or by any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer 
or the Guarantor. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means on any date, (i) in relation to a loan, a bond or any other

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
asset included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such 
loan, bond or asset at such date, and (ii) in relation to the Covered Bonds, the aggregate 
nominal principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds at such date as the case may be. 
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement on each 
Calculation Date. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such 
Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
“Portfolio” means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolio which has been 
purchased and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. 
“Portfolio Manager” means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 (Portfolio 
Manager) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the 
delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Potential Set-Off Amount” means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is 
outstanding an amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and 
is outstanding, an amount of the Cover Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant 
Debtors against any credit owed by any such Debtor towards the Seller. Such amount will be 
calculated by the Test Calculation Agent (based on the aggregate information provided by the 
Servicer) on a quarterly basis on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation 
Date and/or on each other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant 
to the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement or any other Programme 
Documents.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant 
to which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to 
the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant 
to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to 
the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance 
with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder.  
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to 
the Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement;  
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal and any disinvestment of Eligible Assets;  
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately 
preceding Collection Date; 
(f) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme 
Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(g) 
any principal payment payable under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap 
Collateral Excluded Amounts;  
(h) 
any amount paid under the Term Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the 
Collection Accounts; 
(i) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments; and 
(j) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent. 
“Principal Instalment” means the principal component of each Instalment. 
“Priority of Payments” means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority 
of Payments and the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
“Privacy Law” means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently 
amended, modified or supplemented, together with any relevant implementing regulations as 
integrated from time to time by the Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
“Programme Agreement” means the programme agreement entered into on or about the date 
hereof between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Dealers. 
“Programme Amount” means €5,000,000,000. 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement, the Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the 
Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders' Agreement, the Conditions, the 
Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Back-up Servicing 
Agreement, each Final Terms and any other agreement which will be entered into from time to 
time in connection with the Programme.  
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions; 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time.  
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 17 December 2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche) as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Purchase Price" means, in relation to the Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio transferred by 
the Seller, the consideration paid by the Guarantor to such Seller for the transfer thereof, 
calculated in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in Condition 
7 (f) (Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form set out in 
schedule 5 to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, or such other form 
which may, from time to time, be agreed between the Issuer and the Issuer Paying Agent or 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds 
with the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, by any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder; 
“Quotaholders' Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the date hereof, 
between Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l., the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
“Quotaholders” means each of SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
“Quota Capital Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Expenses Account Bank, IBAN IT 16 T 01030 61621 000001317709 for the 
deposit of the Quota Capital. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Real Estate Assets” means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to 
secure the Receivables and each of them the “Real Estate Asset”. 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Residential Mortgage Loans 
pursuant to the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Residential Mortgage Loans as at 
the relevant Transfer Date;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on 
the Residential Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, 
costs, indemnities and damages and any other amount due to the Seller in relation to the 
Residential Mortgage Loans, the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, including 
penalties and any other amount due to the Seller in the case of prepayments of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance related thereto, 
including the rights in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other possible 
expenses incurred in connection with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in 
relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in 
respect of the Residential Mortgage Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is 
entitled pursuant to any liens (vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie 
reali o garanzie personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables 
(except for the fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation 
to or in connection with the Residential Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee 
granted in favour of the Seller in connection with the Residential Mortgage Loans or the 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
“Receiver” means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver appointed in accordance with 
clause 7 (Appointment of Receiver) of the Deed of Charge. 
“Records” means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Recoveries” means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer, in accordance with the 
terms of the Servicing Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Receivable and any Delinquent 
Receivable. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls; and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(iii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing 
system through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, the date 
on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
"Relevant Dealer(s) " means, in relation to a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any 
agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the 
issue by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Tranche pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., 
acting in its capacity as representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Conditions 
and the Final Terms of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Reserve Fund Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank IBAN IT 31 M 03479 01600 000800951301, or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Reserve Fund Amount" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum 
of: 
(i) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap 
Agreements are in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing 
will be the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider or the amount due to 
the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Liability Swap Agreements are not in place 
for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due 
the Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place 
for a portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
sum of (i) for the portion of the Series covered by the Liability Swap Agreement, the 
higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider and the amount due to the 
Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest 
amounts accruing will be the proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of such 
Series) as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation 
Date, plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount to 
be paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant 
Calculation Date in respect of the items (First)(a) to (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments, as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; 
plus  
(ii) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve 
in order to create an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests and the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement are met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
"Residential Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan" means the loans secured by residential mortgage meeting the 
requirements of article 129, paragraph 1, letter d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law (as amended and supplemented from time to time). 
“Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any mortgage loan agreement out of which 
Receivables arise and secured by mortgage over Residential Assets. 
“Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” or "Rules" means the rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its 
own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Subordinated Lender, the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, 
the Asset Monitor, any Asset Swap Provider(s), any Liability Swap Provider(s), the Portfolio 
Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, together with any other entity acceding to the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
“Securities Account” means the account which will be opened in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets 
represented by bonds, debentures, notes or other financial instruments in book entry form in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions of the Cash, Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
“Securitisation and Covered Bond Law” means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as amended 
from time to time. 
“Security” means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
“Security Interest” means:  
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or 
other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as 
to effect discharge or any sum owed or payable to any person; or

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(c) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Seller” means BPS pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context 
of the Programme. 
“Servicer” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. in its capacity servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca 
del mandato del Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate 
the Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 between the 
Guarantor, the Issuer and the Servicer. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which 
at the relevant time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" means with respect to the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent Piazza 
Lina Bo Bardi, 3, 20124 Milan, Italy, with respect to the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent 
and Issuer Paying Agent Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy, and with respect to the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent and Corporate Servicer Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), 
Italy.  
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Statutory Tests” means such tests provided for under Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bond Law and namely: (i) the Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test 
and (iii) the Interest Coverage Test, as further defined under Clause 2 (Statutory Tests and Asset 
Coverage Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
“Subordinated Lender” means the Seller, in its capacity as subordinated lender pursuant to the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into between 
the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor. 
“Subscription Agreements” means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the 
Issue Date of each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Substitute Servicer" means the successor to the Servicer which may be appointed by the 
Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 
(Sostituto del Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to such term it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, Liability Swap Agreement

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
and any other swap agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Programme Documents 
aimed at: (i) altering the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of the Swap Provider if 
compared to the position of the Covered Bondholders, (ii) changing a payment date under the 
Swap Agreement; (iii) providing a reduction or cancellation or increase in the payments due 
under the Swap Agreement; (iv) altering the currency for each relevant payment under the Swap 
Agreement; (v) extending the termination date under the Swap Agreement and (vi) modifying 
this definition. 
“Swap Collateral” means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Providers to the 
Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap 
Collateral Securities Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral securities 
account and any other collateral account that may be opened, in name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, with an account bank on which each Swap Collateral in the form of cash and/or 
securities and will be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Cash Account” means the Euro denominated collateral account established in 
the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 36 Q 03479 01600 000800951305, 
or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which 
may not be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction 
of the relevant Swap Provider's obligations to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
including Swap Collateral which is to be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to 
time in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon termination of 
the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, No. 951301, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Swap Providers” means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and 
the providers of any other swap agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem (T2) combining the functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) 
system with those of a Central Liquidity Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 
20 March 2023 is open. 
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any 
political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
“Term Loan” means the term loan to be granted by each Subordinated Lender pursuant to the 
terms of clause 2 (Il Finanziamento Subordinato) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Test Calculation Agent” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., acting as test calculation agent 
or any other institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Test Calculation Date" means the date which falls 3 (three) Business Days prior to each 
Guarantor Payment Date or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate following Business 
Day. The first Test Calculation Date will fall on October 2014.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the 
breach of a test is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately 
following Test Calculation Date. 
“Test Performance Report” has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 4.1 (Test 
Performance Report) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test 
and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
“Trade Date” means the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
priced. 
“Tranche” means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final 
Terms relates, each such tranche forming part of a Series. 
“Transfer Agreement” means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New 
Portfolio entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. 
“Transfer Date” means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the date designated by the Seller 
in the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; and (b) with respect to the New Portfolios, the date 
designated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Transfer Notice” means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be 
sent by the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement. 
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means each warranty and indemnity agreement entered 
into on 30 May 2014 between the Seller and the Guarantor. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series of Cover Bonds and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Covered 
Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Programme Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Programme Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with 
the terms of such Programme Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date 
thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in respect of the 
Programme generally or in respect of a single Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000 (or, where Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller 
amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued 
in bearer form and in dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be 
wholly and exclusively deposited with Euronext Securities Milan in accordance with Article 83-
bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, through the 
authorised institutions listed in Article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The Covered Bonds 
will at all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book entries 
in accordance with the provisions of Article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 and the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 
and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. The Covered Bonds will be held by Euronext Securities Milan 
on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account 
of the relevant Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder. Euronext Securities Milan Account 
Holder will be act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. No physical documents of title 
will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered 
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any 
applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised 
and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf, 
provided that, pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
further to enforcement of the Guarantee, the Covered Bondholders shall participate to the final 
distribution of the Issuer’s assets in respect of any residual amount due to them with any other 
unsecured creditor including – pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law – any derivative transaction counterparty.  
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds when due for 
payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due from the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions or from the Guarantor pursuant to

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments) up to (and excluding) the Maturity 
Date or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, has notified the Covered 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be 
the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any period for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, has notified the Covered 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds 
for each Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 6(j) (Fallback Provisions), determined by 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal 
to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period will be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to 
the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s)

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" 
in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Guarantor Calculation Agent were acting as Guarantor Calculation 
Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such 
Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub unit" means, in the case of any Specified Currency other than Euro, the 
lowest amount of such Specified Currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such Specified Currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, then the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any 
such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to 
be notified to the Issuer and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, as the case may be, and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered 
Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/ or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. The Issuer Paying Agent or 
the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error, wilful default or 
gross negligence) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
  Fallback Provisions 
(a) 
Independent Advisor 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and 
whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j)(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. 
In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bond (being the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms), 
any Paying Agent or the Covered Bondholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 6(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is 
unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
the case of the Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating 
Rate Provisions as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(j)(a) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6(j)(a). 
 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 6(j)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(c) 
(Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 6(j)). 
 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
 
(d)  Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
with this Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j) (a) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and the other 
Programme Documents, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or 
guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent 
regulatory authority (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving 
any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-
objection from, the competent regulatory authority, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Covered Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other 
Programme Documents to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together with 
the Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered 
Bondholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of an amendment agreement to the Programme 
Documents) and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable to any 
party for any consequences thereof, provided that if, in the opinion of the Covered 
Bondholders doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in these Conditions or the 
Programme Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt, any amendment to the 
Programme Documents), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of any amendment 
agreement to the Programme Documents), subject to being indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction by the Issuer. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. 
 
(e) 
 Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 6(j)(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 6(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
 
(g) Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Covered 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of 
an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer 
determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 6(j)(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments);

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds, in each case within 
the following six months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholders using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 6(j)(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Covered Bonds; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor 
to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount 
on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and 
Condition 8 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant 
Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption 
Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the 
Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below and Article 7-terdecies, 
paragraph 2 of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law), payment of the unpaid amount by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity 
Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining 
unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to 
the Maturity Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall not 
affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be shall notify the relevant 
holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), any relevant Swap 
Provider(s) and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds as a result of the occurrence of the 
extension of the Maturity Date will not affect any order of priority applicable in case of 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or liquidation of the Issuer nor any 
Priority of Payments. 
The Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy of the deferral of the Maturity Date until the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall apply the moneys (if any) available 
(after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata in partial payment of an amount equal to the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts 
constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the 
Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so 
paid shall be deferred as described above.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date during such extended period up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date or, if 
earlier, the Interest Payment Date on which the Final Redemption Amount is paid in full. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being not applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(C) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds; and 
(D) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
2. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a 
copy to the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, (A) a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered 
Bonds in accordance with this Condition 7(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered 
Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption and instalment redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
7(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or if they are redeemed in instalments pursuant to 
the relevant Final Terms and the Conditions, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be 
redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so 
redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities Milan and/or any 
other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such clearing systems as a 
pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of any Covered Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder must, not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit 
with the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, a duly 
completed Put Option Notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in the form obtainable from the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be. The Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this 
Condition 7(f), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be in accordance with this Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder and not the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be 
the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in this 
Condition 7 and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchase

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase 
Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any price and any Covered Bonds so 
purchased may be held or resold or may be surrendered in accordance with Condition 7(h) 
(Cancellation). The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary and 
subsequently surrendered for cancellation shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Extension of principal instalments 
If an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series 
of Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in instalments and the Issuer has failed to pay a 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf 
determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of 
Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to such Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount in full on the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date, then 
(subject as provided below), payment by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee of 
each of (a) such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and (b) all subsequently due and payable 
Covered Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred until the Extended Instalment Date 
provided that no Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred to a date falling after the 
Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to 
the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in 
full of the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date. Any 
failure by the Issuer to notify the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall notify the relevant holders 
of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), any relevant Swap Provider(s), 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 
three Business Days prior to a Covered Bond Instalment Date of any inability of the Guarantor to 
pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in 
any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on each Interest Payment Date 
following the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date until the 
applicable Extended Instalment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the 
moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu 
amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata towards payment of an 
amount equal to the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Amount together with interest accrued 
thereon up to (and including) such date.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and shall be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date from the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date until the 
Extended Instalment Date or, if earlier, the date on which the deferred Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount is paid in full.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond 
Instalment Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. 
Failure by the Guarantor to pay the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related 
Extended Instalment Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such 
time, each subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, 
so it is possible that a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it 
may never be deferred to a date falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
(k) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), all Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the 
next Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for 
the Issuer to make any payments under the Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will 
become effective before the next such Interest Payment Date 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds will be 
credited, in accordance with the instructions of Euronext Securities Milan, by the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose 
accounts with Euronext Securities Milan are credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter 
credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the 
accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing 
Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those 
Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities Milan and of 
the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Covered Bondholders 
in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Business Day 
in the Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place 
of the amount due until the next succeeding Business Day in such place and shall not be 
entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed (i) by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
or (ii) pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof or 
pursuant to the provisions of the intergovernmental agreement entered into by and between 
Italy and the United States on 10 January 2014, ratified by way of Law No. 95 on 18 June 2015, 
published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015 (“FATCA”) unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law (including pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA). In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of 
imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, as amended from time to time with 
respect to any Covered Bonds and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth 
in Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its 
agents; or 
(ii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a non-Italian 
resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country 
which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
authorities; or 
(iii) 
where the Covered Bondholder would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party 
complies, with any statutory requirements; 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments 
or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Covered Bonds; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time; or 
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, in a Member State of 
the EU; or 
(vii) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Covered Bonds by making a declaration or any other 
statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of 
residence or non/residence or other similar claim for exemption; or

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(viii) 
where such withholding is required by FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of 
Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to 
the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. For the purposes of this paragraph (b), the 
Issuer will not be considered to become subject to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States 
should the Issuer be required to withhold amounts in respect any withholding tax imposed by 
the United States on any payments the Issuer makes. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor:  
If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may 
be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and 
payable on any Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and 
such breach is not remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of 
interest, or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of principal or redemption, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of any obligation under or 
in respect of the Covered Bond (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the 
Programme Documents to which it is a party occurs which is not remedied within 30 
days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice 
thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) above occurs in 
respect of any other Series of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act is issued in respect of the Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business; or 
(vii) 
Breach of the Statutory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test: any of the Statutory 
Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test are breached and are not remedied within the 
Test Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor demanding payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and 
specifying, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 
resolution) above, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary. 
(b) 
Effect of an Issuer Default Notice: 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice upon the Issuer and the Guarantor:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(i) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not issue any further Series of 
Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
(a) 
interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the 
Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
the Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to 
the Intercreditor Agreement) shall be entitled to request from the Issuer an 
amount up to the Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received or recovered 
from the Issuer will be used to make payments in accordance with the Covered 
Bond Guarantee; 
(c) 
if (i) the right of the Guarantor under Condition 10(b)(ii)(b) is in any way 
challenged or revoked and (ii) a Programme Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders has been passed to this effect, the Covered Bonds will become 
immediately due and payable by the Issuer, at their Early Termination Amount 
together with accrued interest thereon and the Guarantor will no longer be 
entitled to request from the Issuer the amount set out under Condition 
10(b)(ii)(b); 
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets included in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 
resolution) above, the effects listed in items (i) (No further Series of Covered Bonds), (ii) 
(Covered Bond Guarantee) and (iii) (Disposal of Assets) above will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act will be in force 
and effect (the "Suspension Period"). Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the 
Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again responsible for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
Issuer cross-default 
Neither an event of default in respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer (including other 
debt securities of the Issuer) nor acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an 
Issuer Event of Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to 
a Guarantor Event of Default, provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves a Guarantor Default Notice upon the 
Guarantor, such Guarantor Default Notice will accelerate each Series of outstanding Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: following delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay 
any interest and/or principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
such breach is not remedied within the next following 15 Business Days, in case of 
amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of principal or 
redemption, as the case may be; or

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of any obligation under the Programme 
Documents by the Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations referred to in 
letter (i) above) which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice 
(provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 event Cure 
Notice), the Amortisation Test is breached and is not remedied within the Test Grace 
Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full 
force and effect or it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the case of the Guarantor Event 
of Default under Condition 10(d)(iii) (Breach of other obligation) shall, if so directed by a 
Programme Resolution, serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice: 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Termination Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued 
interest; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to 
the Early Termination Amount, together with accrued interest and any other amount 
due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 
9(a) (Gross up)) in accordance with the Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included in the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and 
without further notice subject to having been indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it 
shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested or 
authorised by a Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
(f) 
Guarantor cross-default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
serve on the Guarantor a Guarantor Default Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
However, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
(g) 
Determinations, etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10 by the Representative

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the absence of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa 
grave) or wilful default (dolo)) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Covered 
Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the 
Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
hereunder. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years 
(in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
12. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders: 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the 
issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force 
and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of the Covered Bonds of any Series. 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the 
Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment 
In the Programme Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, 
in these Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders), in the 
Intercreditor Agreement, in the Mandate Agreement and in the other Programme Documents, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the 
period commencing on the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and ending (subject 
to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have 
been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and (to 
the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into 
from time to time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity 
as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable in respect of 
any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the 
Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the 
Programme Documents. 
13. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement and in connection 
with the Covered Bonds, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and, following service of an Issuer Default Notice

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
or a Guarantor Default Notice, as an agent of the Guarantor and does not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and its initial 
Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. The Guarantor Calculation Agent (if not the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be or) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, and to appoint a successor Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, or the Guarantor Calculation Agent; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times procure that the Issuer Paying Agent or 
the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, operates in an EU member state such 
that it will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax; and 
(iii) 
if a Guarantor Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and 
the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(iv) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall maintain a paying agent having its specified office in the place 
required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and 
issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series 
with the Covered Bonds. 
15. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised 
by the Cover Pool as provided under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of 
Italy Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be 
made to other parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non Petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under 
the general law or under the Programme Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts or enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security and no Covered 
Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security. In

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as 
permitted by the Programme Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security or (except for 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) take any proceedings against the 
Guarantor to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the 
Programme Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps 
against the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from 
the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
at least until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments 
payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on 
its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or 
join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate 
action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the 
Priorities of Payments not being complied with. 
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Euronext Securities Milan 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through 
Euronext Securities Milan, shall be deemed to have been duly given if given through the 
systems of Euronext Securities Milan. 
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, shall be deemed to have been duly given if published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on 
the first date on which publication in made in accordance with the rules and regulation of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
(c) 
Other publication 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method 
of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its sole opinion, such other method is reasonable 
having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to 
trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to the holders of the Covered 
Bonds in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
17. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
These Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection, 
thereof are governed by Italian law. All other Programme Documents and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of, or in connection, thereof are governed by Italian law, save for the 
Swap Agreements and the Deed of Charge, which are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise 
in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act, the Bank of Italy Regulations.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever 
Series issued under the Programme by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. is created concurrently 
with the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series to be issued and is 
governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ("Rules"). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be: 
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or under its control or have 
been blocked in an account with a clearing system and will not be released until a the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, which is to be issued not less than 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the 
time fixed for its resumption), of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are 
Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, to 
the Issuer and Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifying that 
the Holder of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has notified the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, that the votes attributable to such 
Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be 
put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(b) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, 
distinguishing between those amounts in respect of which instructions have been 
given to vote for, and against, each resolution; and 
(c) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with a 
clearing system for the purpose of obtaining a Voting Certificate or otherwise are held to the 
order of or under the control of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
case may be, for the purpose of obtaining from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent a Block Voting Instruction, on terms that they will not be released until after the 
conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
is required; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance 
with Article 8 (Chairman of the Meeting); 
"Cover Pool" has the meaning given to it in the Master Definitions Agreement; 
"Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan 
(as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quarter of the Financial Law 
Consolidated Act; 
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three 
quarters of the votes cast or, in the case of a resolution pursuant to Condition 10(b)(ii)(c) (Effect 
of an Issuer Default Notice – Covered Bond Guarantee), by a majority of not less than 50 per 
cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then 
outstanding; 
"Holder" or "holder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered 
Bonds; 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions 
or demands; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. 
of the votes cast; 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules (ii) to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take 
action pursuant to Condition 10(b)(ii)(c) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice – Covered Bond 
Guarantee), Condition 10(d)(iii) (Guarantor Event of Default – Breach of other obligation) or 
Condition 10(d)(iv) (Guarantor Event of Default – Enforcement) or to appoint or remove the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and 
Remuneration); or (ii) to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take other 
action stipulated in the Conditions or the Programme Documents as requiring a Programme 
Resolution. 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person 
appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or, in the case of a 
proxy appointed under a Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been notified in writing of 
such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting; and

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and the 
Programme Resolutions, collectively; 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate specified in any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds 
or, if there is no exchange rate specified or if the Swap Agreement has terminated, the 
applicable spot rate; 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Programme Document; 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the 
bearer of a Voting Certificate, or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction issued by the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent as the case may be; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting a certificate issued by a Euronext 
Securities Milan Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of 
Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more 
persons being or representing the holders of at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the holders of which at any 
relevant time are entitled to participate in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these 
Rules, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open 
for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and the places where 
the Issuer Paying Agent has its Specified Office; and 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them 
in the Conditions to which these Rules are attached. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the 
contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor 
in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of 
such party under any Programme Document or to which, under such laws, such rights 
and obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a 
separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of 
this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 25 (Meetings and Separate 
Series) and Articles 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 
35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and 
independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Clause 
2.3: 
2.3.1 
Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Resignation) and 27 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and 
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation) to 25 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the 
Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such 
Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, 
in such Articles, the expressions "Covered Bonds" and "Covered Bondholders" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder, whatever Series of the Covered Bonds he holds, is a member of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of 
the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or 
desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its 
Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation 
issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to 
time; or 
4.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also require the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for Covered Bonds to be (to 
the satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be) 
held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account in a clearing system (other than 
Euronext Securities Milan) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting. 
4.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction issued pursuant to this Article 4 shall be valid 
until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
4.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the person named therein as 
Holder or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan 
Account Holder), the bearer thereof and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting 
Instruction issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be) shall be deemed to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes 
in connection with the Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction 
relates.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
4.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Covered Bonds. 
4.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with 
the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND VOTING CERTIFICATE 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant 
Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent, or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before 
such deadline, it shall not be valid. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so 
requires, a notarised (or otherwise acceptable) copy of each Block Voting Instruction and 
satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of 
each Holder or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate shall be produced at the Meeting but the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a 
Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of the 
Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in 
relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a 
requisition in writing signed by the holders of not less than five per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding convene a meeting of 
the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in 
convening such a meeting upon requisition by the Covered Bondholders the same may be 
convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the requisitionists. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the holders of 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series, or separate meetings if in its opinion there is a conflict of interest among the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall 
apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of 
the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the 
relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be 
given to the relevant Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is 
convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened 
by the Issuer. 
7.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the 
nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state that Voting Certificates 
for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Euronext Securities Milan Account 
Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy 
and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time and that for the purpose of 
obtaining a Block Voting Instruction from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, Covered Bonds must (to the satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be) be held to the order of or placed under the 
control of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or 
blocked in an account with a clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant 
Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not 
complied with if the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
are present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
8.1.1 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing 
which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be 
the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, 
manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and 
moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited 
to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more-vote counters, who are not 
required to be Covered Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
9.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, two or more persons holding or representing at 
least one third of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to attended and vote or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders 
entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds so held or represented; or 
9.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as 
provided below), two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote or, at an adjourned 
Meeting, two or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders entitled to 
attend and vote, whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so 
held or represented; or 
9.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than 
in relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 
31.4 (Obligation to act) and Article 32.4 (Obligation to exercise powers), only be 
capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) 
namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of 
the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be 
made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Deeds of Pledge or the 
Deed of Charge (except in a manner determined by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(e) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such 
Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be 
formed; and 
(f) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3; 
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be two or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less than two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding 
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing not less 
than one-third of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds 
of such Series for the time being outstanding. 
provided that, if in respect of any Covered Bonds the Issuer Paying Agent or the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be has received evidence that ninety per cent 
(90 per cent.) of the Outstanding Principal Amount of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
is held by a single Holder and the Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction so 
states, then a single Voter appointed in relation thereto or being the Holder of the 
Covered Bonds thereby represented shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose 
of forming a quorum. 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
10.1 If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after 
the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if 
any) for which a quorum is present: 
10.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the requisition of Covered Bondholders, the 
Meeting shall be dissolved; and 
10.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not 
less than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines or (ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the 
Meeting (if such notice sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); 
provided that, in any case: 
(a) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(b) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders together so decide. 
10.2 If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of 
the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same 
for such period, being not less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear 
days), and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such 
adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with 
the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting 
to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except 
business which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took 
place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack 
of a quorum except that: 
12.1.1 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when 
the Meeting resumes.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
12.2 Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be 
necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those 
described in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
13.1 Voters; 
13.2 the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
13.3 representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
13.4 financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
13.5 legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
and 
13.6 any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show 
of hands. 
14.2 Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the 
Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a 
particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without 
proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more-Voters, whatever the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter(s). A 
poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but 
any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be 
taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant 
Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
Meeting at which the poll was demanded. 
15.2 The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the 
votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in 
compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, 
the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting 
the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
16.1 Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 
on a poll every Voter who is present shall have one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 
or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its 
absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds it holds or represents. 
16.2 Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the 
case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is 
entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked 
provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Chairman has been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior 
to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a 
meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in 
force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such 
Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at 
the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to 
be the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the 
subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary 
Resolution.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
18.2 Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered 
Bondholders or any of them; 
18.2.2 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the 
rights of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Programme 
Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Programme 
Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the 
Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
18.2.3 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Programme 
Documents which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
18.2.4 
direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to issue an Issuer Default Notice 
as a result of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Issuer Event of Default) 
or a Guarantor Default Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Event of Default); 
18.2.5 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders from any Liability in relation to any act or omission for which 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or 
in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Programme Document; 
18.2.6 
waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or (if 
relevant) any other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these 
Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme Document or any act or omission 
which might otherwise constitute an Event of Default; 
18.2.7 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.8 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Programme 
Document; 
18.2.9 
to appoint any persons (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to 
represent the interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such 
committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
18.3 Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to take action pursuant to Condition 10(b)(ii)(c) (Issuer Event of 
Default – Covered Bond Guarantee) or Condition 10(c)(iii) (Guarantor Event of Deafault – Breach

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
of other obligation) or Condition 10(d)(iv) (Guarantor Event of Default – Enforcement) or to 
appoint or remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 
(Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) or to take any other action required by the 
Conditions or any Programme Documents to be taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4 Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is 
passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another 
Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary 
Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other 
Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of 
the Covered Bondholders of any Series duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules 
shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders of any such Series, whether or not present at 
such Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders 
shall be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be (with a copy to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the 
conclusion of each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are 
not passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books 
provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall 
be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is 
proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be 
regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of 
matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 15 (Limited 
Recourse and Non Petition) and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing 
individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee (hereinafter, a "Claiming Covered Bondholder"), then such Claiming 
Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall inform the other Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) of such prospective individual actions and remedies and invite them to raise, in 
writing, any objection that they may have by a specific date not more than 30 days after the 
date of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders' notification and not less than 10 days 
after such notification. If Covered Bondholders representing 5 per cent. or more of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds then outstanding object to such 
prospective individual actions and remedies, then the Claiming Covered Bondholder will be 
prevented from taking any individual action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after 
a reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to the terms of this Article 23). 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
24.1 Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than 
one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following 
modifications: 
24.1.1 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that 
Series; 
24.1.2 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict 
of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall 
be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected; 
24.1.3 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of 
Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of 
Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate 
meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so 
affected; 
24.1.4 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a 
single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis 
apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were 
references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the 
holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro 
in the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered 
Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such 
Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the 
relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one vote

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
for each Euro 1.00 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations 
regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of 
a Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion 
may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Programme 
Resolution in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of 
the first Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A.. 
26.2 Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated 
in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 106 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1993; or 
26.2.3 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in 
Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Programme Resolution of 
the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.3 (Programme Resolution) or resigns pursuant 
to Article 27 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in 
office until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds. 
26.4 After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the 
substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in 
Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, 
and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose 
appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by the 
substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in 
connection with the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
26.5 Remuneration 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from 
the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for 
the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day-to-day and shall 
be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement 
up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been 
repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three 
calendar months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide 
any specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as 
a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not become effective until a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been 
appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, provided that if Covered Bondholders fail 
to select a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders within three months of written 
notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity 
pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Programme Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
28.2 Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its 
advisers) to propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or 
desirable. 
28.3 Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions 
and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Programme Documents: 
28.3.1 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
28.3.2 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, 
whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or 
fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities 
vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject 
to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred 
by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, 
provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in 
the appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it 
to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and 
any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall procure that any 
delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any 
sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
28.4 Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect 
of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
28.5 Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these 
Rules and any other Programme Document may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the Programme 
Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
28.6 Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and 
discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by 
operation of law. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for 
any loss, costs, damages, expenses or other liabilities that may result from the exercise or 
non-exercise thereof except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of its gross negligence 
(colpa grave) or wilful misconduct (dolo). 
28.7 Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the 
Covered Bondholders' instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered 
Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific 
Limitations). 
28.8 Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its sole discretion determine whether or 
not a default in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the 
provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme Documents may be 
remedied, and if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default 
is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and 
binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any 
other party to the Programme Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
29.1 Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Programme 
Documents. 
29.2 Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders: 
29.2.1 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer 
Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, 
the occurrence of which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Programme 
Document, has occurred and, until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that 
no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, 
condition or act has occurred; 
29.2.2 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations 
contained in these Rules, the Programme Documents or the Conditions and, until it 
shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
and each other party to the Programme Documents are duly observing and performing 
all their respective obligations; 
29.2.3 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Programme Document, shall not be 
under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the 
provisions of these Rules or any other Programme Document; 
29.2.4 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Programme Document, or of any 
other document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby 
or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto or request and/or obtain any legal opinion in 
connection therewith, and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall 
not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect 
of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to 
be delivered or obtained at any time in connection with the Programme; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by 
the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets 
contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Servicer and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Bonds; 
29.2.5 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of 
the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the 
persons entitled thereto; 
29.2.6 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered 
Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Programme 
Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the 
execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence 
thereof; 
29.2.8 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or 
procuring registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or 
any Programme Document; 
29.2.9 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon 
examination or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not; 
29.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any Liability with respect to any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making 
or verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the 
Cover Pool or any Programme Document; 
29.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Programme Document it is required in connection 
with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered 
Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, 
trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
holding not less than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
29.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Programme Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
there is a conflict between their interests the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered Bondholders; 
29.2.18 shall not (unless and to the extent ordered so to do by a court of competent 
jurisdiction) be under any obligation to disclose to any Covered Bondholders, any 
Other Creditor or any other person any confidential, financial, price sensitive or other 
information made available to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the 
Issuer, by the Guarantor or any other person in connection with these Rules, the 
Covered Bonds or any other Programme Documents, and none of the Covered 
Bondholders, Other Creditors nor any other person shall be entitled to take any action 
to obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any such information; 
29.2.19 shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, duty 
or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interest of the Covered Bondholders if, along with other 
factors, it has accessed the view of, and, in any case, with prior written notice to, the 
Rating Agency, and has ground to believe that the then current rating of the Covered 
Bonds would not be adversely affected by such exercise. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, 
deems it necessary to obtain the valuation of the Rating Agency regarding how a 
specific act would affect the rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall so inform the Issuer and the Guarantor, which will have to 
obtain the valuation at Issuer’s expense on behalf of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders wishes to 
seek and obtain the valuation itself; 
29.2.20 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Programme Document or any other 
agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against any and all actions, 
proceedings, claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and 
against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing 
contained in these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents shall require the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of 
any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the 
repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or 
liability is not reasonably assured; and 
29.2.21 shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense directly or 
indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholder, 
any Other Creditor or any other person as a result of any determination, any act, 
matter or thing that will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders as a whole or the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series. 
29.3 Covered Bonds held by Issuer

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered 
Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
29.4 Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do 
anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys 
or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its 
powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking 
any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or 
any regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe 
that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against 
any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with 
any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion 
of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or 
rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or 
obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information 
purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic and, in 
circumstances where in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to obtain 
such advice on any other basis is not practicable, notwithstanding any limitation of or cap on 
liability in respect thereof. 
30.2 Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) 
as sufficient evidence 
30.2.1 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor; 
30.2.2 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is 
expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call 
for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on 
such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate. 
30.3 Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in 
respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect 
in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such 
directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have 
been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders. 
30.4 Certificates of Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered 
Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder 
in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 
2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the 
matters certified therein. 
30.5 Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as 
true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing 
system, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any 
particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of 
Covered Bonds. 
30.6 Certificates of Parties to Programme Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other 
than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Programme 
Document, 
30.6.1 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly 
provided for under the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
30.6.2 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.6.3 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional 
evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held 
responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its 
officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained 
in the certificate. 
30.7 Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or 
investigating any auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report 
or certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 Modification 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time and 
without the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series concur with the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for 
this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the 
sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be expedient to 
make provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion 
that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series; and 
31.1.2 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which is of a 
formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law, including the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of 
Italy Regulations, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and the relevant 
implementation;  
31.1.3 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is to correct a manifest 
error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; and  
31.1.4 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which may 
reasonably deemed necessary in order to ensure that the Programme, the Covered 
Bonds, the Conditions and the Programme Documents comply and will continue to 
comply with the provisions referred to under article 7-viciesbis of Law 130 and the 
relevant implementing regulation in order to use the “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” label. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders acknowledges and agrees that at the Issuer 
request, pursuant to Condition 6(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments) it will be obliged together with 
the Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered 
Bondholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given 
to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the competent regulatory 
authority to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of an amendment agreement to the Programme Documents).  
31.2 Swap Basic Term Modification 
Any modification to the Swap Basic Term Modification must be previously approved in writing by 
the Liability Swap Provider. The Liability Swap Provider agrees to subscribe any other 
amendment of the Programme Documents to which is party which have been agreed with the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with these Rules. 
31.3 Binding Nature 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise 
agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
31.4 Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occured as such, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders considers it appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard 
to any of the following:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
31.4.1 
a certificate from the Arrangers: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Programme Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties 
which is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Programme Document that is required 
to reflect such intention; and 
31.4.2 
confirmation from the relevant credit rating agencies that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as 
those assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31.5 Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and any other party in making any modifications to these Rules, the Conditions 
and/or the other Programme Documents if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and 
then only if it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it 
may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without 
the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and, without prejudice to its 
rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, or event but only if, and in so far as, in 
its opinion the interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series then outstanding 
shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 
authorise or waive, any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of 
any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee these 
Rules or the other Programme Documents; or 
32.1.2 
determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such for the purposes of the Programme Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
32.2 Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, or, waiver or determination may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be 
binding on all Covered Bondholders and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so 
requires, shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with the 
provisions of the conditions relating to Notices and the relevant Programme Documents. 
32.3 Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it 
by this Article 32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by a Programme Resolution, 
but so that no such direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously 
given or made. 
32.4 Obligation to exercise powers

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any 
breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in the Guarantee, these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents or 
determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as 
such if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and then only if it is indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing. 
32.5 Notice of waiver 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices). 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and other document 
been agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer, failing which the 
Guarantor, has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity 
basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered 
Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, 
claims and demands (including without limitation legal fees and any applicable value added tax 
or similar taxes) properly incurred by or made against the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
delegated any power, authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or purported exercise of 
its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise in 
relation to the preparation and execution of these Rules and the Programme Documents, 
including but not limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, 
documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Programme Documents against the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the 
Covered Bonds or the Programme Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a 
result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in 
connection with the Programme Documents, the Covered Bonds, the Conditions or the Rules 
except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default 
(dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 The Deed of Pledge 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights 
granted by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. The 
beneficiaries of the Deed of Pledge are referred to in this Article 35 as the "Secured 
Bondholders". 
35.2 Rights of Representative of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
35.2.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured 
Bondholders, shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the 
Secured Bondholders' interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the 
pledged claims and rights, and shall be entitled to give instructions, jointly with the 
Guarantor, to the respective debtors of the pledged claims to make the payments 
related to such claims to any account opened in the name of the Guarantor and 
appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2 
The Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to any 
amount deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to any such 
account opened in the name of the Guarantor and appropriate of such purpose which 
is not in accordance with the provisions of this Article 35. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue 
instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to 
time from the pledged claims under the Deed of Pledge except in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to 
which it is entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Other Issuer Creditors) pursuant to 
Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the 
Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to 
the terms of the Mandate Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor 
and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor's rights 
under certain Programme Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to 
the relevant parties to the relevant Programme Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic 
of Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings 
and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendments, will be 
completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the 
Final Terms.  
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
                                                        
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Covered Bonds potentially constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers 
to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to 
be “Applicable”.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] . 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series or Tranche] [Fixed Rate/Floating Rate] Covered Bonds 
due [Maturity Date] 
Guaranteed by 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 81560046696F5A9E4320 
under the Euro 5,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 22 December 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the 
base prospectus dated [[∙]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms, published on [], contain the 
final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described 
herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, [including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). [These Final Terms will be 
published on website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the prospectus dated 1 August 2023, 
which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 22 December 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and superseded (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2023 [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the 
Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, including the supplement[s]] 
[is/are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[] 
 
 
(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds will 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[Series [●] Tranche [●] Covered Bonds due [●] 
issued on [●], ISIN Code [●]] on the Issue 
Date] 
 
 
 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[Euro/UK Sterling/Swiss Franc/Japanese Yen/ 
US Dollar/Other] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[] % of the aggregate nominal amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [plus integral multiples []] (as referred to 
under Condition 3) (Include the wording in 
square 
brackets 
where 
the 
Specified 
Denomination is €100,000 or equivalent plus 
multiples of a lower principal amount.)  
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
6. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
nearest to the relevant month and year.]  
8. 
 (i) Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
of 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to Final Redemption Amount under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] (as referred to in Condition 3) 
 (ii) Extended 
Instalment 
Date 
of 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to Covered Bond Instalment Amounts 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] % Fixed Rate] 
[[●]+/– [●] % Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in [14]/[15]/[16] 
below) 
10. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 % at 
least of their nominal amount] 
[Instalment] [The Covered Bonds shall be 
redeemed in the Covered Bond Instalment 
Amounts and on the Covered Bond Instalment 
Dates set out in paragraph 21 below.] 
 
11. 
 
Change of Interest 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[Change of interest rate may be applicable in 
case an Extended Maturity Date is specified as 
applicable, as provided for in Condition 7] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Investor Put (as referred in Condition 7)]  
[Issuer 
Call 
(as 
referred 
in 
Condition 
7)][(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[17]/[18]below)] 
13. 
 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered 
Bonds 
[and 
Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Covered Bonds or related Covered 
Bond Guarantee)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred in 
Condition [5])]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date.  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[●][specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of “Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi)  
[Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year/Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
15. 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred to in 
Condition 6)] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
Payment Dates: 
[] 
(Specified 
Period 
and 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates are alternatives. If the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [•] month [EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Reference Banks:  
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
(For 
example, 
11.00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)” 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items 
of this subparagraph) 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be 
selected before their effective date of 4 
October 2021) 
 
 
[    ] 
 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions))

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[    ] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][]% per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred in 
Condition 7)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
Covered Bonds and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] 
17. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
18. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of Covered 
Bonds 
[] per Calculation Amount (as referred in 
Condition 7)]  
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor Event 
of Default: 
[Not 
Applicable/[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount](as referred in Condition 7)  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
20. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
21. 
 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which 
principal 
is 
repayable 
in 
instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made: 
[Not Applicable/ The Covered Bonds shall be 
redeemed on each instalment date and in the 
instalment amounts set out below] 
 
 
Covered 
Bond 
Instalment Date 
Covered 
Bond 
Instalment 
Amount 
 
 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Maturity Date 
[All outstanding instalment 
amounts 
not 
previously 
redeemed] 
 
 
 
 
[Third party information 
 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Signed on behalf of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
 
 (i) 
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Other]/[Not applicable] 
 (ii) 
Admission to trading 
Application [is expected to be/has been] 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the [Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/Other with effect from [] / 
Not Applicable]. 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need 
to indicate that original Covered Bonds are 
already admitted to trading.). 
 
(i) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected]] to be rated]/[The 
following ratings assigned to the Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:][Not applicable] 
 
 
 
[Fitch]: [●]] 
 
[●]: [] 
 
 
 
[∙] (Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating 
provider) 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Covered Bonds of the 
type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[Each of Fitch / [●] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, on credit 
rating agencies as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation (EU) No. 
462/2013 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended from time to time, the EU CRA 
Regulation) as set out in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation published on the 
website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to the EU CRA 
Regulation (for more information please visit 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority webpage) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
/ 
[●] 
is 
established in the UK and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, on credit 
rating agencies as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation (EU) No. 
462/2013 on credit rating agencies, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from 
time to time, the UK CRA Regulation)] / 
[have not been issued or endorsed by any 
credit rating agency which is established in 
the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies on credit rating agencies as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 
and Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit 
rating agencies (as amended from time to 
time, the EU CRA Regulation) / have not 
been issued or endorsed by any credit rating 
agency which is established in the UK and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies on 
credit rating agencies as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation 
(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit rating agencies 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended 
from time to time, the UK CRA Regulation)].

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
(Include the relevant wording as applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency 
assigning a rating to the Covered Bonds 
issued) 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND NET PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
General funding purposes of the BPS Group.  
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)” 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[    ] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and [its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/specify other Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]/[●]./ [Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
EUROPEAN COVERED BOND (PREMIUM) LABEL 
 
 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Label in accordance with Article 
129 of the CRR: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
CFI 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
 
FISN 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
identification number(s):  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names 
and 
Specified 
Offices 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
 
[Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 
16 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Covered Bondholders 
through the clearing systems will be deemed to 
have been given on the [second] [business] day 
after the day on which it was given to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue 
to be held in a form which would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
(i.e. 
issued 
in 
dematerialised 
form 
(emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Euronext Securities Milan in 
accordance 
with 
article 
83-bis 
of 
Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in article 83-quater of such legislative 
decree) and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
9. 
 (i) 
Method of distribution: 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):      
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
[Not Applicable/ give names and business 
address] 
 
 
 
10. 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
11. 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation 
S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933] 
 
 
12. 
 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly 
does not constitute "packaged" products or 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
do 
constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
13. 
 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly 
does not constitute "packaged" products, 
or the Covered Bonds do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
14. 
 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used 
by the Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds for general funding purposes of the BPS Group.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER  
BPS is the parent company (the Parent Company) of the BPS Group and, inspired by principles of small-
scale retail lending, provides savings deposit and lending services in various forms, as well as private 
and investment banking, asset management, leasing, bancassurance and consumer credit services to 
its customers. BPS focuses on the territories where its subsidiaries have historically been established, 
with a special focus on providing services to families and small and medium-sized businesses and 
cooperatives. 
Within the BPS Group, the Issuer, which is an operating Parent Company performing guidance, 
governance and control functions for the BPS Group, essentially engages in the following business 
operations: 
 
guidance, coordination and control, via its setting of the BPS Group's guidelines, of business and 
financial planning, organisational structure, strategic objectives, administration and accounting, 
credit management policies and human resources management policies. The Issuer also 
performs activities the purpose of which is the management and control of risks deriving from 
the business operations of the BPS Group's companies; 
 
acting as a hub for the coordination and oversight of policies for the management of the 
structural items comprising assets and liabilities, both its own and those of the other companies 
belonging to the BPS Group, with the objectives of optimising available capital, identifying 
transactions and funding structures for the BPS Group, through initiatives on the domestic and 
international markets, as well as oversight of liquidity requirements and related trends; and 
 
providing support, control functions and guidance services for the BPS Group's business 
operations, with a view to facilitating business development and allowing for effective services 
to be provided to customers. 
 
In Italy, the BPS Group, as of 30 June 2023, has a market share of 2.34% based on the number of 
branches, 1.49 % in terms of lending and 1.60% in terms of deposits.  
As of 30 June 2023, the banking group had 3,504 employees. 
Company name 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is “Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.”, the commercial name in 
short “Popso”. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) 
J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number  
The Issuer is on the Companies Register of Sondrio, Italy, at no. 00053810149. The Issuer is also on 
the Register of Banks held by the Bank of Italy at no. 842. 
Date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
The Issuer 'Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.’ results from the transformation of the company Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio - cooperative joint-stock company, which in turn was originally established under 
the name of “Banca Mutua Popolare della Provincia di Sondrio" incorporated by deed of Giambattista 
Caimi, Notary public, registered in Sondrio on 6 March 1871 with no. 315. 
The duration of the Issuer is set, pursuant to Article 3 of its Articles of Association, up to 31 December 
2050 and may be extended. 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, website address and address and telephone number of its registered office 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated in Sondrio, Italy 
and operating under Italian law. The address of the Issuer's registered office is Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 
23100 Sondrio, Italy, phone +39 (0342)528.111, website address www. popso.it. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has been rated “BB+” (long-term issuer default rating) 
and “B” (short-term issuer default rating) by Fitch, “BBB (low)” (long-term issuer rating) and “R-2 
(middle)” (short-term issuer rating) by DBRS.  
The Issuer rating assigned by Scope Rating GmbH (Scope) is “BBB” (long-term issuer default rating). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Sustainability rating  
On April 5, 2023, at the end of the annual rating review process, the outlook of Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio was raised to 'positive' from 'stable', while the corporate rating at 'EE', and the long-term 
rating at 'EE+' were confirmed. 
The sustainability rating assigned by the independent agency Standard Ethics is a summary 
assessment of the level of compliance achieved with respect to international sustainability indications 
set by some of the main international institutions (European Union, United Nations, OECD). 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW   
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities and principal categories of products sold and/or 
services provided 
BPS engages in traditional retail banking services in the territories covered and offers related financial 
services to private individuals, businesses and institutions. As regards private individuals and 
businesses, the bank offers products and services in the following areas: 
 
products and services for families: in particular, bank accounts, mortgages, consumer credit, 
loans, payment instruments (credit and debit cards), insurance and pension products and on-
line services; 
 
 savings/investment products and insurance: such as the offer of bonds, managed savings, life 
insurance and other investment instruments;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
products and services for internationalisation: the bank supports companies which operate with 
foreign counterparties, offering a broad range of support services, both for its traditional 
commercial banking segment, and for more value-added products and services, such as 
products and services related to commercial exchanges with foreign counterparties or derivative 
products for the hedging of corporate risks;  
 
home banking, remote banking, POS, mobile products and services. 
Asset management  
In the context of asset management, the bank offers both traditional and innovative investment 
solutions to private individuals, businesses and institutional investors. The range of services includes, 
among other things, portfolio advisory services, wealth management services, which are provided by a 
qualified and experienced team of specialised professionals within the bank (Certified ESG Analyst), 
derivatives trading and trading of structured products. 
For asset management through mutual investment funds, the BPS Group has been party to trade 
agreements with Arca Fondi SGR S.p.A. since 1983. The BPS Group has also entered into trade 
agreements with Etica SGR S.p.A., which establishes and promotes exclusively socially responsible 
mutual investments in which the selection of assets is carried out on the basis of criteria of social and 
environmental responsibility. 
In addition to the above, in 1999 the Swiss subsidiary Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) founded 
Popso (Suisse) Investment Fund SICAV, a mutual investment fund organised under Luxembourg law 
with multiple sub-funds. Each sub-fund has its own pool of assets and liabilities and follows its own 
distinct investment strategy. Each sub-fund is therefore represented by one or more separate share 
classes. Investors currently have a choice of 13 sub-funds. 
Bancassurance and supplementary pensions schemes  
In the context of bancassurance, the bank operates in the life insurance segment via a partnership 
with Arca Vita and the Irish company Arca Vita International. In particular, among the various products, 
the bank offers Insurance-based Investment Products (IBIPs) with the aim to increase the capital and 
protect the savings of the clients. In the non-life segment, Arca Assicurazioni's products are offered; 
about health insurance products, the bank has a partnership with UniSalute. The insurance solutions 
offered are aimed principally at private individuals and small/medium-sized businesses to meet such 
clients' insurance requirements as regards protecting their health, family and home. The bank offers a 
private pension scheme for those who intend to benefit from a complementary pension through the 
open-end pension fund Arca Previdenza of Arca Fondi SGR. 
Factoring 
The bank offers its customers factoring products through its subsidiary Factorit S.p.A., which provides 
a complete range of solutions for the factoring of trade receivables: pro solvendo (with recourse) 
factoring, pro soluto (non-recourse) financial factoring without notification, pro soluto (non-recourse) 
factoring with notification, pro soluto (non-recourse) non-financial factoring without notification, 
maturity factoring and payment on a certain date, export factoring, import factoring, as well as 
financing products, transfers of future receivables and “indirect factoring”. 
Leasing 
The bank’s leasing operations are conducted on the basis of trade agreements with Alba Leasing

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
S.p.A., which offers real estate leasing and asset leasing, including auto, aircraft, ship and railway 
leasing services. Alba Leasing also operates in the renewables energy, nautical and public 
administration sectors. 
During 2022, the bank acquired full control of Rent2go, a car renting company able to make offers to 
its retail and business customers on every brand and model of vehicles, including commercial ones up 
to 35 quintals.  
Corporate Banking 
BPS offers corporate clients a range of high value-added financial products and services in the 
following macro-areas: corporate lending, structured finance and related services (such as 
certifications of economic-financial plans for project financing, acquisition financing and hedging), 
corporate finance (advisory services for extraordinary financial transactions and for corporate 
restructurings for succession planning purposes and private equity searches for companies interested 
in risk capital opportunities) and capital markets (only with respect to the structuring of mini-bond 
issues). 
Other Services 
Complementing the range of directly offered services, BPS has entered into distribution agreements 
with Compass Banca S.p.A. (Gruppo Mediobanca) for the offering of personal loans. The bank also 
offers its customers loan products through its subsidiary BNT Banca S.p.A.. Moreover, BNT Banca 
offers retail customers specific loans which are reimbursable by the assignment of one fifth of the 
customer’s salary or pension and delegation of payment.  
3. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is part and of the Issuer's position within the BPS 
Group  
Disclosure in respect of business segments  
The disclosure in respect of business segments is prepared in accordance with the provisions of IFRS8 
and the following segments are identified: 
 
enterprises: this segment includes “non-financial companies” and “family businesses”; this 
relates to credit and loans, endorsement loans, deposits, leasing and payment services. 
Revenues from currency transactions with resident and non-resident customers are also 
significant; 
 
private parties and other customers: this segment includes "consumer families", "public 
administrations", "financial companies", "non-profit institutions"; the BPS Group includes results 
deriving from standard business transactions with this category of customers which are 
attributable to savings, medium/long-term loans and consumer loans, collections and 
payments, issuance of debit and credit cards and collateral residual functions;  
 
securities: this segment includes results from transactions with customers related to the trading 
of securities as a direct counterparty, the acceptance of orders, the placement of financial 
instruments and insurance and pension products, and management of securities portfolios; 
 
central structure: for this segment, the BPS Group presents the results derived from the

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
management of its portfolio of owned securities and shareholdings, exchange transactions 
entered on its own account, and the exercise of treasury functions. In addition, it includes 
certain residual activities not classified elsewhere since the revenues earned are not significant. 
As of 30 June 2023, the BPS Group had a total of 373 branches. 
In Italy, the BPS Group operates through the Parent Company's distribution network. 
The principal territories where the BPS Group operates are Lombardia, Piemonte, Val d'Aosta, Liguria, 
Veneto, Trentino Alto Adige ed Emilia Romagna and in the area of Rome, as well as online internet 
banking within the same territories. 
Distribution of the BPS Group's branches as of 30 June 2023: 
 
No. of branches 
% 
BPS 
352 
94.36 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) 
21 
5.64 
Total 
373 
100 
As regards the Issuer, the branches are organised into 9 territorial areas on the basis of criteria of 
geographical consistency. Each branch has operating autonomy and, as a rule, accounting autonomy. 
The coordination of the business operations of the branches within each area is entrusted to a 
coordinator, to whom the managers of the area branches report. In order to better serve high-level 
customers, the bank has established its own network of financial brokers, who support the branches, 
coordinated by the financial promotion office of the central headquarters. The network of financial 
consultants comprises 81 professionals who, for all intents and purposes, are included within the 
bank's organisational structure as employees. In the context of the offer of electronic multi-channel 
products and services aimed at private individuals, businesses and institutions, BPS also operates 
through the following channels: home banking, online trading, mobile, remote banking and ATM. The 
structure includes the “Virtual Unit”, an operating structure that manages relationships with customers 
who are resident in areas not served by traditional branches through online channels. The customers 
of the Virtual Unit are mainly professionals to whom dedicated products are offered. 
At the international level, the BPS Group is represented by branches in Switzerland and in the 
Principality of Monaco (BPS (Suisse)) and with a representative office in Shanghai (Sintesi 2000 Srl).  
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is the Parent Company 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the structure of the BPS Group comprises the companies listed 
below. 
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below are based on the information 
included in the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023. The fully

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
consolidated shareholdings are: 
Name  
Head Office 
Share 
capital 
(in 
thousands) 
% held 
Banca 
Popolare 
di 
Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
Lugano 
(CHF) 180,000 
100 
Factorit S.p.A. 
Milan 
(EUR) 85,000 
100 
Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. 
Milan 
(EUR) 60,000 
100 
Banca 
della 
Nuova 
Terra S.p.A. 
Sondrio 
(EUR) 31,315 
100 
PrestiNuova AAF Srl 
Roma 
(EUR) 100*** 
100 
Pirovano 
Stelvio 
S.p.A.* 
Sondrio 
(EUR) 2,064 
100 
Servizi Internazionali 
e Strutture Integrate 
2000 S.r.l. * 
Milan 
(EUR) 75 
100 
Immobiliare San Paolo 
S.r.l.* 
Tirano 
(EUR) 10** 
100 
Immobiliare 
Borgo 
Palazzo S.r.l.* 
Tirano 
(EUR) 10** 
100 
Prima S.r.l. * 
Milano 
(EUR) 25 **** 
100 
Rent2Go S.r.l * 
Bolzano 
(EUR) 12,050 
100 
Popso Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
(EUR) 10 
60 
* equity investments not included in the banking group 
** held by Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. 
*** held by Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
**** held by Immobiliare San Paolo S.r.l. 
Control, as defined by IFRS 10, is the power over the investee entity (i.e. holding valid rights that give 
the current capacity to direct the activities of the investee entity) and exists when the investor is 
exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to 
affect those returns through its power over the investee. 
According to this definition of control, the following entities are also included in the scope of the fully 
consolidated companies:  
Name  
Head Office 
Share capital (in Euro 
thousands) 
%held 
Centro delle Alpi Real 
Estate 
Milan 
69,913 
100.000 
Centro delle Alpi SME 
S.r.l. 
Conegliano V. 
10 
- 
 
Other companies included in the scope of consolidation: 
Name  
Head Office 
Share capital (in Euro 
thousands, 
unless 
otherwise 
specified 
below) 
%held 
Alba Leasing S.p.A. 
Milan 
357,953 
19.264 
Arca Vita S.p.A. 
Verona 
208,279 
14.837 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
Milan 
50,000 
34.715 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Milan 
5,940 
24.000 
Polis Fondi Sgrpa 
Milan 
5,200 
19.600 
Sofipo SA* 
Lugano 
(CHF) 2,000 
30.000 
Bormio Golf S.p.A. 
Bormio 
317 
25.237

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
Lago di Como gal Scrl 
Canzo 
22 
28.953 
Acquedotto 
dello 
Stelvio Srl ** 
Bormio 
21 
27.000 
Sifas S.p.A. ** 
Bolzano 
1,209 
21.614 
Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l. 
Sondrio 
20 
50.000 
 
* held by Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
** held by Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO GROUP 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25.2% 
19.6% 
19.3% 
14.8% 
24% 
100% 
60.5% 
100% 
100% 
21.6% 
27.0% 
100% 
100% 
 60% 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
34.7% 
Bormio Golf S.p.A. 
100% 
Factorit  
S.p.A. 
POPSO 
 Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
BNT Banca  
S.p.A. 
100% 
Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l 
50.0% 
Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio (Suisse) SA 
Sinergia Seconda 
S.r.l. 
Immobiliare 
San Paolo 
S.r.l. 
Immobiliare 
Borgo 
Palazzo S.r.l. 
Pirovano 
Stelvio 
S.p.A. 
Acquedotto 
dello Stelvio 
S.r.l. 
Sifas S.p.A. 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Lago di Como GAL  
S.p.A. 
Alba Leasing S.p.A. 
Polis Fondi Immobiliari 
di Banche Popolari 
S.G.R.p.A. 
Servizi Internazionali e 
Strutture Integrate 
2000 S.r.l. 
Arca Vita S.p.A. 
Sofipo SA 
30.0% 
GROUP STRUCTURE 
Banking group 
Related companies 
Controlled companies not in 
the banking group 
Related/Indirectly controlled 
companies 
Rent2Go  
s.r.l. 
Prima S.r.l. 
100% 
PrestiNuova S.r.l. 
Agency in Financial 
Activities 
100% 
100% 
29% 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
4. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGERS AND MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BODIES 
BPS has adopted a traditional governance system consisting of a Board of Directors comprising 15 Directors 
and a Board of Auditors comprising 3 Auditors and 2 Alternate Auditors. 
The Board of Directors has established among its members the Executive Committee (“Comitato esecutivo”), 
the Related Parties Committee (“Comitato operazioni con parti correlate e soggetti correlati”), the 
Remuneration Committee (“Comitato remunerazione”), the Audit and Risk Committee (“Comitato controllo e 
rischi”) and the Appointments Committee (“Comitato nomine”) and the Sustainability Committee (“Comitato 
sostenibilità”). 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The list of members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and the offices held in other companies are set out below. 
Board of Directors 
NAME AND SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BPS 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER COMPANIES 
Francesco Venosta *  
Chairperson  
 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
 
Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Directors); 
 
Istituto della Enciclopedia Italiana Fondata da 
Giovanni Treccani S.p.A. (Director); 
 
Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi 
(Director). 
Lino Enrico Stoppani ** 
Deputy Chairperson  
 
Factorit S.p.A. (Director); 
 
Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo S.r.l. (Sole Director); 
 
Immobiliare San Paolo S.r.l. (Sole Director);  
 
Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Chairperson); 
 
Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. (Sole Director); 
 
Prima S.r.l. (Sole Director) 
 
FIPE 
Federazione 
Italiana 
Pubblici 
Esercizi 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors);

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
Confcommercio Imprese per l’Italia (Deputy 
Chairperson); 
 
EPAM Associazione Pubblici Esercizi di Milano e 
Provincia 
(Chairperson 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors ). 
Mario Alberto Pedranzini 
** 
Chief Executive Officer 
and Managing Director 
 
Factorit S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
 
Banca 
Popolare 
di 
Sondrio 
(SUISSE) 
SA 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
 
IEO Istituto Europeo di Oncologia (Director); 
 
Associazione 
Bancaria 
Italiana 
(Deputy 
Chairperson); 
 
Associazione Nazionale fra le Banche Popolari 
(Deputy Chairperson). 
 
Alessandro Carretta *** 
Director 
 
Associazione Italiana per il Factoring (General 
Secretary). 
Nicola Cordone * 
Director 
 
N/A 
Loretta Credaro *** 
Director 
 
Vela Assicurazioni S.r.l. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors); 
 
Confcommercio 
Nazionale 
(Deputy 
Chairperson); 
 
Istituto Nazionale Ricerche Turistiche scpa 
(Presidente) 
 
Unione Commercio, Turismo e Servizi della 
provincia di Sondrio (Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors); 
 
C.C.I.A.A. Sondrio (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors). 
Donatella Depperu *** 
Director 
 
N/A.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
Anna Doro * 
Director 
 
Tim spa (Member of the Board of Auditors) 
Federico Falck* 
Director 
 
Falck S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson) 
 
AFL srl (Chairperson) 
Ferrari Attilio Piero *** 
Director 
 
N/A. 
Malaguti Maria Chiara ** 
Director 
 
N/A 
Molla Pierluigi *** 
Director 
 
Vector WM SA (Director) 
 
Farelli srl (Sole Director) 
Rossi Serenella * 
Director 
 
Edison S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors). 
Stefini Silvia ** 
Director 
 
Leonardo S.p.A. (Director) 
 
Renantis S.p.A. (Director) 
Zambelli Rossana ** 
Director 
 
Factorit S.p.A. (Director) 
*These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2024. 
**These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2025. 
***These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2023. 
Board of Auditors* 
NAME 
AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BPS 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER COMPANIES 
Serenella Rossano 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors 
 
Sind International S.p.A. (Auditor); 
 
Balma, Capoduri & C. S.p.A. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Auditors) 
Laura Vitali 
Auditor 
 
Factorit S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
Auditors); 
 
Club Acceleratori S.p.A. (Auditor). 
 
Massimo De Buglio 
Auditor 
 
Autotorino S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board 
of Auditors); 
 
Angel Capital Management S.p.A. (Auditor); 
 
Immobiliare Diana S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors). 
Paolo Vido 
Alternate Auditor 
 
Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Auditor); 
 
Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (Auditor). 
Alessandro Mellarini 
Alternate Auditor 
 
Eredi Baitelli S.p.A. (Auditor); 
 
Europrogramme 
Fiduciaria 
S.p.A. 
(Auditor); 
 
Scania Commerciale S.p.A. (Auditor); 
 
Italscania S.p.A. (Auditor); 
 
Scania Milano S.p.A. (Auditor); 
 
S.i. Mira.re S.r.l. (Auditor); 
 
ACBGroup Sviluppo S.p.A. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Auditors); 
 
Rangoni & Affini S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors); 
 
Zodiaco 2005 S.r.l. (Sole director); 
 
Property Service S.r.l. (Sole director); 
 
Besta S.r.l. (Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and chief executive officer); 
 
Odorizzi 
Soluzioni 
in 
Pietra 
S.r.l. 
(Director);

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
 
Gambarotta Gschwendt S.r.l. (Director); 
 
Nuovo Calcio Trento S.r.l. (Auditor); 
 
Zambiasi S.r.l. (Sole director); 
 
Zambiasi 
Commerciale 
S.r.l. 
(Sole 
director); 
 
Arabella 87 (Sole director); 
 
Contigo S.r.l. (Auditor) 
All members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Auditors meet the integrity and professional 
requirements provided for by the legislation and regulations currently in force.  
All members of the Board of Auditors are on the Register of Auditors. 
General Management  
NAME AND SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BPS 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER COMPANIES 
Mario Erba 
Deputy General Manager 
and CCO 
 
Arca Vita S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
 
Arca Holding S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
 
Servizi Internazionali e Strutture Integrate 2000 
S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board of Directors). 
 
Luigi Luzzatti S.c.r.l. (Director) 
Milo Gusmeroli 
Deputy General Manager 
and CIOO 
 
N.A. 
Cesare Poletti 
Deputy General Manager 
and CRO 
 
N.A. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors, Board of Auditors and General Management 
is Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy. 
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and control bodies 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the Parent Company's knowledge – including upon examination 
as required under article 36 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as converted into Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011 – no member of the Board of Auditors, the Board of Directors or the general management of

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
the Parent Company is subject to potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of their 
office or employment with the Parent Company or the BPS Group and any personal or other interests, except 
for those that may concern transactions put before the competent bodies of the Parent Company and 
or/entities belonging to the BPS Group, such transactions having been undertaken in compliance with the 
relevant regulations in force. Also in the latter case, as at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no 
conflicts of interests. 
The members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Parent Company are required to 
implement the following provisions governing circumstances in which there exists a specific interest 
concerning the implementation of a transaction: 
 
Article 53 (Supervisory regulations) of the Consolidated Banking Act and the relevant implementing 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy, with particular reference to the supervisory regulations relating 
to transactions with related parties; 
 
Article 136 (Duties of banking officers) of the Consolidated Banking Act which requires the adoption of 
a particular authorisation procedure where an officer, directly or indirectly, assumes obligations 
towards the bank in which such officer has an administrative, management or control function; 
 
Article 2391 ('Directors' interests) of the Italian Civil Code; and 
 
Article 2391-bis (Transactions with related parties) of the Italian Civil Code and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the CONSOB. 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee compliance 
with the above-mentioned provisions. 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Entities controlling the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the public information currently available to the Issuer, 
the following entities hold directly or indirectly significant stakes in the capital of Banca Popolare di Sondrio: 
 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 19.72%: 
- 
Unipol Gruppo SPA 10.21% 
- 
UnipolSai Assicurazioni SPA 9.51; and 
 
Private Wealth Management Global Sif Dynamic Strategy 4.91%  
Funded in 1871 as a cooperative company, the bank operates as a joint-stock company since the approval of 
the corporate transformation resolved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 29 December 2021; no 
person or entity directly or indirectly controls the Issuer. No arrangements, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent time result in a change in control of the Issuer, are known to the same Issuer. 
On 6 September 2023, Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. clarified to have launched preparatory activities to obtain the 
necessary authorisations from the competent (Italian and foreign) supervisory authorities in order to assess 
possible future increases in the shareholding held by the Unipol Group in the Issuer, taking into account the 
market conditions and general context existing from time to time

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
6. 
TLTRO FUNDING 
At the date of 30 June 2023, the Issuers has two operations outstanding with the ECB (all TLTRO III): the first 
performed in March 2021 and the last in September 2021 for a total of € 4.5 billion. The first one amounts to 
€ 0.8 billion which expires in March 2024 and the second amounts to € 3.7 billion which expires in 
September 2024. The operations can be repaid early using quarterly windows. 
7. 
REGULATORY CAPITAL 
As at 30 September 2023, the BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 16.27 
per cent. (phased-in), Tier 1 ratio of 16.27 per cent (phased-in) and a Total Capital ratio of 18.84 per cent. 
(phased-in).  
On a fully loaded basis as of 30 September 2023, BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common Equity 
Tier 1 ratio of 16.16 per cent., Tier 1 ratio of 16.16 per cent. and a Total Capital ratio of 18.74 per cent. 
Capital ratios above are shown taking into account the portion of the profit for the period that can be 
allocated to self-financing, the inclusion of which in own funds is subject to approval by the Supervisor. 
By means of a press release of 1 December 2023, BPS' Group informs that the ECB has provided - with effect 
from 1 January 2024 - that the minimum CET1 requirement for the BPS Group for 2023 is 8.57 per cent., the 
minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio requirement is 10.59 per cent., while the total capital ratio is 13.29 per cent. 
The BPS Group has been subject to the 2023 stress test conducted by the ECB, which – as in the past – was 
conducted under the assumption of a static balance sheet at 31 December 2022 without taking into account 
corporate strategies and/or future management initiatives. According to the press release issued by BPS on 
28 July 2023, the BPS Group did not reveal any criticality and the stress test exercise confirmed the BPS’ 
Group’s capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario. 
8. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
BPS and the companies belonging to the BPS Group are subject to a number of court, legal and administrative 
proceedings related to the conduct of their core business operations. Set forth below is a brief description of 
the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the other companies belonging to the BPS Group which 
are considered the most important in the Issuer's opinion. 
Legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the companies 
belonging to the BPS Group are, in the Issuer's opinion, to be considered ordinary in nature when taking into 
account the business operations involved, the size of the BPS Group and the risks inherent in the provision of 
banking and investment services. In any case, there remains the risk that the Issuer and its subsidiaries may 
incur losses in connection with the proceedings currently pending, including those concerning the matter of 
compound interest/usury, as described in further detail below.  
In line with the likelihood of losses of this type and with applicable accounting standards in force, as of 30 
June 2023 the Issuer has set aside a prudential reserve which it considers adequate to cover risks related to 
pending lawsuits, including the tax proceedings, of Euro 53.491 million.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
 
Litigation on the matter of compound interest/usury 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the total number of lawsuits pending against the BPS Group on the 
matter of compound interest remains at levels considered ordinary by the Issuer and the related risk is, in any 
case, covered by the prudential reserves set aside for risks and costs. As of 30 June 2023, the Issuer set aside 
prudential reserves covering risks related to compound interest and usury of Euro 0.91million, to cover a 
small number of disputes. For some of these claims, the claimants did not define the petitum (amount of the 
claims), asking the court to determine it. The petitum (amount of the claims) already identified and requested 
for the two types (usury and compound interest), amounts to Euro 9.58 million.  
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies have not implemented, signed 
and/or planned material contracts other than those entered into in the normal course of their typical activities 
that could affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Covered Bondholders. 
10. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
On 17 October 2023, BPS has placed on the market the third issue of covered bonds (Covered Bonds) 
reserved for institutional investors for 500 million. 
On 19 September 2023, BPS has successfully placed a 500 million euro Senior Preferred Green issue for 
institutional investors. 
On 28 June 2023, the bank repaid on maturity one open market operation with the Central Bank that started 
on June 2020 (TLTRO III.4), amounting to € 4.4 billion. 
The Shareholders' Meeting of 29 April 2023 approved the amendment of Article 24 of the Articles of 
Association, whereby the tenth paragraph of the aforementioned provision was deleted. According to this, at 
each annual renewal of one-third of the members of the Board of Directors, the first four candidates will be 
taken from the list that has obtained the highest number of votes, in the sequential order in which they are 
listed, while the candidate indicated in first place will be taken from the list that has obtained the second 
highest number of votes. It will thus be possible to give broader representation within the board of directors 
to the components of the corporate body. The new election mechanism found immediate application at the 
ordinary Shareholders' Meeting, which appointed five directors for the three-year period 2023-2025.  
On 17 April 2023 BPS issued under its “Euro Medium Term Notes Programme” a bond of Euro 150 mln in 
order to support access to credit and investments for the development of supply chains, internationalisation 
and NRP-related projects of smaller enterprises. The resources will enable the SMEs and Mid-Caps supported 
by BPS to meet the needs of liquidity related to inflationary phenomena and the international geopolitical 
context. The bond has been fully subscribed by Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP). 
11. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY ASPECTS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Banking Resolution under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
The Issuer, as a bank, is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU (“BRRD”), as implemented in the Italian legal 
framework. 
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the 
Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the “BRRD Decrees”),

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
 
both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 November 2015. 
According to these provisions of law and in summary, in the event that the following conditions are met, the 
relevant bank shall be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of Italy, acting in 
accordance with decisions taken by the EU resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board) has determined, 
after consultation with the competent authority and vice versa, as applicable, that the bank is failing or is 
likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the 
public interest (that is, it is necessary for the achievement of and is proportionate to one or more of the 
resolution objectives referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD and winding up of the bank under normal 
insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent). In this context, an 
institution is considered as failing or likely to fail, alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to 
be, in breach of requirements necessary to maintain its authorization to carry out banking activities, including 
but not limited to because the institution has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a 
significant amount of its own funds; (b) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its 
liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall 
due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public financial support in order to recover (except in limited 
circumstances). 
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to apply, 
on a stand-alone basis or in combination, the following tools:  
 
the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on 
commercial terms (except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect the 
effectiveness of the sale or other instruments of ownership issued by the business tool or impose a 
material threat to financial stability): (a) the shares of the bank under resolution; and (b) all or any 
assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
 
incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may transfer 
to the bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly owned by one or more 
public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority): (a) the shares or other instruments of 
ownership issued by the bank under resolution and (b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the 
latter;  
 
the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or liabilities 
of a bank or of a bridge institution (e.g., impaired assets, such as non-performing exposures) to one 
or more asset management vehicles (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially 
owned by one or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority) with a view to 
maximizing their value through the sale or orderly winding down; and 
 
bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally, (a) write-down the bank’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) and Tier 2 (“T2”) instruments; (b) write-
down the eligible liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); (c) convert eligible liabilities 
into equity (shares or other instrument of ownership). 
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the bank’s 
creditors according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the corresponding Italian 
implementing rules) stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur losses greater than they would 
have incurred under normal insolvency proceedings (the so called “no creditor worse off” principle). 
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to the 
highest – is the following:  
 
holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments;

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
 
 
holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments;  
 
holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes; 
 
holders of senior non-preferred notes;  
 
holders of senior notes;  
 
depositors qualifying as large firms; and 
 
depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs.  
The deposits within 100,000 Euros are protected by the Italian Deposit Guarantee Schemes. 
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) are a new 
category of instrument introduced in Italy by the Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing Directive (EU) 
2017/2399. They constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred obligations, ranking junior 
to senior notes (or equivalent instruments), pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and in 
priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 
91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, partially 
or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the “General Bail-In Tool”).  
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities in the 
form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and 
which, according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from the application of the 
General Bail-In Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability and subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial 
support through additional financial stabilization tools. These consist of the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance 
with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute 
to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point 
of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses taken in accordance with the 
priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (“BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption”).  
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity 
meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority 
or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the a relevant entity or, in certain circumstances, its 
group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an 
institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of an EEA member state and 
to preserve financial stability.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and 
“eligible liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
(“Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” or “MREL”). The aim is that the minimum 
amount should be proportionate and adapted for each category of bank on the basis of their risk or the 
composition of their sources of funding and to ensure adequate capitalisation to continue exercising critical 
functions post resolution. The final draft regulatory technical standards in Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1450 set out the assessment criteria that resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL 
for individual firms. The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a 
minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to supervision by the 
ECB) or to the Single Resolution Board (the SRB) for banks subject to direct supervision by the ECB.  
The determination that securities issued by the BPS Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in 
is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the 
BPS Group’s control. This determination will also be made by the Single Resolution Board and there may be 
many factors, including factors not directly related to the bank or the BPS Group, which could result in such a 
determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of 
a bail-in power may occur which would result in a principal write off or conversion to other securities, 
including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the Single Resolution Board will be obliged to consider in 
exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued by the 
BPS Group may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of 
any such power and consequently its potential effect on the BPS Group and the securities issued by the BPS 
Group. Potential investors in the securities issued by the BPS Group should consider the risk that a holder 
may lose all or part of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such 
statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon. 
Furthermore, on 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(“Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860”) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the 
application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was published on 
the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules specifying further the 
exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution authority may exclude, 
or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the write down or conversion powers where the 
bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
Furthermore, under resolution, the resolution authorities have relevant ancillary power aimed at ensuring a 
smooth resolution of the bank. In particular, they are entitled to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt 
instruments (such as senior notes, non-preferred senior notes and subordinated notes) issued by the bank 
under resolution or to amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
In general terms, the resolution authority is also entitled to cancel or modify the terms of any contract to 
which the bank under resolution is a party, to suspend the bank’s contractual obligations or to substitute a 
recipient as a party. 
On the other hand, the application of a resolution measure shall not, per se (i.e., provided that the bank 
continues to perform its obligations under the relevant agreements), make it possible to: (i) exercise any 
termination, suspension, modification, netting or set-off rights; (ii) obtain possession, exercise control or 
enforce any security over any property of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-default 
provisions; or (iii) affect any contractual rights of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-
default provisions. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in any case, the BRRD Decrees introduced strict limitations on the

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
possibility to exercise the rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in case of 
resolution.  
As to the financing of the resolution action, the resources may be provided by the national Resolution Funds 
and the Single Resolution Fund in which the national Resolution Funds had been pooles together gradually. 
However, in accordance with the burden-sharing principle, the intervention of such funds is only admitted 
where a contribution to loss absorption and recapitalization equal to an amount not less than 8% of the total 
liabilities (including own funds) of the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the resolution action, 
has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other instruments of ownership, the holders of 
relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write down, conversion or otherwise. In any 
case, the contribution of the resolution funds shall not exceed 5% of the total liabilities including own funds 
of the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the resolution action. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission proposed a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the EU Banking Reform Package). The EU Banking 
Reform Package amended many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the Single 
Resolution Mechanism (the SRM Regulation). These proposals were published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions applied 
only from 28 June 2021. The proposal included  an amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further 
harmonising the creditor hierarchy as regards the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured debt 
in resolution and insolvency. A new class of so called “senior non-preferred debt” was proposed to be added 
that would be eligible to meet the TLAC and MREL requirements. This new class of debt will be senior to all 
subordinated debt, but junior to ordinary unsecured senior claims. 
The proposal of the European Commission resulted in the adoption of Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 
December 2017 amending the BRRD with regard to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 December 2017 and had to 
be transposed into national law by the Member States by 29 December 2018. In this regard, the Italian Law 
no. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing 
provisions pertaining to “non-preferred" senior debt instruments. 
The amendments to the BRRD do not affect the existing stocks of bank debt and their statutory ranking in 
insolvency pursuant to the relevant laws of the Member State in which the bank is incorporated. 
In addition, the EBA has issued its final draft regulatory technical standards which further define the way in 
which national resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL. According to the SRB work programme for 
2023, during this year the number resolution plans expected for the 2023 RPC is 99, 17 of which with 
resolution colleges. 
The EU Banking Reform Package, including Directive (EU) 2019/879 which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2), entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD2 provides that 
Member States are required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain 
requirements relating to the implementation of the total loss absorbing capacity standard (“TLAC”) applying 
from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 
1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking 
Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
(a) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, 
criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL 
and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions;

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
 
(b) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are 
not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion; 
(c) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(d) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. Changes to 
the BRRD under BRRD2 impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in 
certain circumstances, the rights of creditors 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the BRRD2 
provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL, the resultant 
shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be counted towards meeting the 
combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, the BRRD2 envisages a nine-
month grace period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of regulatory capital 
instruments and employees take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the Single Resolution Board published a non-binding policy named “Minimum Requirements 
for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, aiming at helping to ensure 
that MREL is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution plans for all types of banks, as well as 
promoting a level playing field across banks including subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. The 
policy addresses the following topics: 
 
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to MREL 
calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Reform Package; 
 
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: (i) Pillar 
1 Banks are subject to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement that must be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that are subordinated 
to all claims arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution authorities shall ensure that 
the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are equal to at least 8% of total liabilities and own 
funds (TLOF); and (iii) non Pillar 1 Banks will be subject to a subordination requirement only upon the 
decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach of the No Creditor Worse Off principle, following 
a bank-specific assessment carried out as part of resolution planning; 
 
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively expand the 
scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, and it may waive 
subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal MREL at certain conditions. In 
addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibility to permit the use of guarantees to meet the 
internal MREL within the Member State of the resolution entity; 
 
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain types of 
cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the resolution entity to 
comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive the internal MREL of the legal 
entities that are part of the cooperative network; 
 
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how liabilities 
issued under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual recognition; and 
 
transition arrangements: the policy explains the operationalisation of transitional periods up to the 
2024 deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 2023, also 
stating that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on the MREL tailored 
to that bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in raising MREL-eligible

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
 
liabilities). 
In April 2020, the SRB published a letter which was sent to banks under its remit, outlining potential 
operational relief measures related to the COVID-19 outbreak. Of particular note, the SRB has stated that: 
(a) 
it is committed to working on 2020 resolution plans and issuing 2020 decisions on MREL according to 
the planned deadlines but it will apply a pragmatic and flexible approach to consider, where necessary, 
postponing less urgent information or data requests related to the 2020 resolution planning cycle; and 
(b) 
it regards the liability data report, the additional liability report and the MREL quarterly template as 
essential and it expects banks to make every effort to deliver these documents on time but will assess 
possible leeway in submission dates for other reports, such as those related to critical functions and 
access to financial market infrastructures. 
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal provisions 
of the revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRMR, CRR and CRD IV) in reply to questions raised by 
NCAs, addressing the following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain distributions; (ii) powers to suspend 
payment or delivery obligations; (iii) selling of subordinated eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities; (v) bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-in; (vii) 
write down or conversion of capital instruments and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of certain contractual 
terms in early intervention and resolution; and (ix) contractual recognition of resolution stay powers. As 
pinpointed by the same Commission, the notice merely clarifies the provisions already contained in the 
applicable legislation, while it does not extend in any way the rights and obligations deriving from such 
legislation nor introduce any additional requirements of the concerned operators and competent authorities. 
In April 2021, the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and TLAC has 
been published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC disclosure according – 
respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; (ii) draft uniform reporting templates, 
instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according – respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the 
BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 
2021, while Title II shall apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a 
and point (h) of Article 447 of CRR, and as of the date of application of the disclosure requirements in 
accordance with the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures 
in accordance with Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the Decree No. 193), implementing 
BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 clearly envisages that MREL shall be 
determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(i) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to 
meet the resolution's objectives; 
(ii) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in 
tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could be 
absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to 
a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according 
to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient 
under a partial transfer; 
(iii) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(iv) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due to 
the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the financial 
system. 
CRD V and CRR II 
As already anticipated above, on 27 June 2019 CRD V and CRR II were issued as Directive 2019/878/EU and 
Regulation 2019/876/EU respectively. CRD V applies from 29 June 2020 and CRR II largely applies from 28 
June 2021. On 29 November 2021, the Legislative Decree No. 182, of 8 November 2021, implementing CRD V 
and CRR II was published in the Official Gazette. It delegates the Bank of Italy to adopt the secondary 
implementing provisions within 180 days of its entry into force.  
On 22 February 2022 Bank of Italy issued the 38th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing the possibility 
for the Bank of Italy to impose a systematic risk buffer (SyRB), pursuant to Article 133 of the CRD V, 
consisting of CET1, with the aim of preventing and mitigating macro-prudential or systemic risks not 
otherwise covered by the macro-prudential tools provided by the CRR, the countercyclical capital buffer and 
the capital buffers for G-SIIs or O-SIIs.  
The amendment adapts the rules concerning capital buffers and capital conservation measures with CRD V 
and implement the EBA's guidance on the appropriate subsets of sectoral exposures for the application of the 
SyRB in accordance with Article 133(5)(f) of CRD V.  
In addition to the above, the 38th amendment also granted the power to the Bank of Italy of adopting one or 
more prudential measures based on customer and loan characteristics (so-called borrower-based measures), 
requiring banks to apply them when granting new financing in any form. 
Those measures can be applied to all loans or differentiated on the basis of the characteristics of customers 
and loans. More specifically, in the presence of high vulnerabilities of the financial system, which may give 
rise to systemic risks, the Bank of Italy may adopt one or more borrower-based measures that are – in line 
with the ESRB guidelines – appropriate and sufficient to prevent or mitigate the identified risks, considering, if 
possible, also any cross-border effect arising from their application and paying due attention to the principle 
of proportionality. 
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which reflect EC 
findings on the impact of CRD IV on bank financing of the EU economy. Certain of the changes such as new 
market risk rules, standardised approach to counterparty risk, details on the leverage ratio and net stable 
funding requirements and the tightening of the large exposures limit will particularly impact capital 
requirements. The amendments also seek to require financial holding companies in the European Union to 
become authorised and subject to direct supervision under CRD IV. This will place formal direct responsibility 
on holding companies for compliance with consolidated prudential requirements for financial groups. The 
amendments also require third-country groups above a certain threshold with two or more credit institutions 
or investment firms in the European Union to establish an intermediate EU holding company. The minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities provisions in the CRR are also amended to bring the 
requirement in line with the Financial Stability Board’s final total loss absorbing capacity term sheet standards 
for globally significant institutions. 
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union under CRD V / CRR II differs from Basel 
III in certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalised further changes to the Basel III

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
framework which include amendments to the standardised approaches to credit risk and operational risk and 
the introduction of a capital floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee published revised final standards on 
minimum capital requirements for market risk. These proposals will need to be transposed into EU law before 
coming into force. The Basel Committee has recommended implementation commencing in 2022, however 
timing of implementation in the European Union is uncertain. 
Among other measures taken by prudential regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group of 
Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) decided on 2 April 2020 to delay the 
implementation of these final Basel III standards by one year to 1 January 2023.” 
On 29 September 2022 EBA amended, with Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12, 2014 Guidelines on the specification 
and disclosure of systemic importance, updating indicators data used for the identification of global 
systemically important institutions (G-SIIs), increasing the transparency in the G-SIIs identification process 
and ensuring a continued level playing field with respect to disclosure requirements between global 
systemically important institutions (G-SIIs) and other large institutions with an overall leverage ratio exposure 
measure of more than EUR 200 billion at the end of each year. EBA/GL/2022/12 applies from 16 January 
2023. 
On 21 December 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 41th amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing said 
Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12. With the same amendment, the Bank of Italy implemented also the EBA 
Guidelines of 12 October 2022 (EBA/GL/2022/13), amending the EBA Guidelines on disclosure of non-
performing and foreborne exposures (EBA/GL/2018/10). 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 and the Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 (jointly the 
“CRD IV Package”), which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (“SREP”). The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, 
strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital 
commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key 
purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity 
to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including 
those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. On 22 April 
2020, the EBA published a statement on additional supervisory measures in the light of the COVID-19. The 
EBA states that it recognises the need for a pragmatic and effective SREP, specific for the 2020 exercise. In 
light of the above, on 23 July 2020 the EBA issued the Final Report of the Guidelines “on the pragmatic 2020 
supervisory review and evaluation process in light of the COVID-19 crisis”, aimed at making available to 
competent authorities a special procedure for the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) for the 
year 2020. In particular, they identify how flexibility and pragmatism could be exercised in relation to the 
SREP framework in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. On 18 March 2022, the EBA published revised 
“Guidelines for Common Procedures and Methodologies for the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
(SREP) and Prudential Stress Tests”, which provide a common framework for supervision in assessing risks to 
banks' business models, solvency and liquidity, as well as for conducting prudential stress tests. The 
guidelines have applied since 1 January 2023. 
On 12 October 2022 EBA amended, with Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/13, the scope of application of the 
Guidelines of 2018 (EBA/GL/2018/10) clarifying that the Guidelines will no longer apply to significant credit 
institutions, as they are subject to greater disclosure obligations regarding impaired exposures and the

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
measures of concessions, as prescribed by CRR2 and the Implementing Regulation (EU) of 15 March 2021. 
The EBA/GL/2022/13 Guidelines apply since 31 December 2022. On 21 December 2022, the Bank of Italy 
issued the 41st amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing said Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/13. 
At the conclusion of the annual process of review and prudential assessment (SREP), the Bank received 
notification from the European Central Bank of the new decision on prudential requirements to be met on a 
consolidated basis a minimum CET1 Ratio of 8.57 per cent., a minimum Total Capital Ratio of 10.59 per cent. 
and a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 13.29 per cent., to be applied as of 1 January 2024.  
The covered bond Directive and Regulation  
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending CRR have been 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. They apply since 8 July 2022. The Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 has been transposed into the Italian legal framework by Decree 190/2021, which designated the 
Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds, which was entrusted 
with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in 
accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of Law 130, as 
amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022, in certain cases 
subject to entry into force of the implementing measures as referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. As per the implementing regulation, the Bank of Italy has launched a public consultation 
on 12 January 2023 with regard, inter alia, to (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the 
conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; 
(ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance 
programmes; (iv) the possibility for banks having a rating corresponding at least to credit quality step 3 to act 
as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the possibility to reduce the minimum 
level of over-collateralization for covered bonds (i.e. 2% instead of 5%). The public consultation ended on 11 
February 2023 and has brought to the publication of the 42th amendment to the Bank of Italy Circular No. 
285/2013. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public 
supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 provides for a number of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and 
the bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements of the liquidity 
reserve concerning the cover pool and introduces the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled 
covered bond structures in order to facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive provides the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance 
of covered bond issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for obtaining 
the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a covered bond 
programme. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for additional 
requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In particular, the 
Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up to a 
maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing 
institution, without the need to consult the EBA. The Regulation also requires a minimum level of 
overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s insolvency 
or resolution.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
On 27 October 2020, the European Commission issued a draft delegated regulation aimed at amending 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (the LCR Delegated Regulation) on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). The 
LCR Delegated Regulation is applicable to all credit institutions, including those issuing covered bonds. Such 
credit institutions are currently subject to the liquidity coverage requirement applicable for a period of 30 
calendar days, during which a covered bond issuer has to ensure it has sufficient liquid assets (in the 
meaning of the LCR Delegated Regulation) to cover the net liquidity outflows (in the meaning of the LCR 
Delegated Regulation), including those stemming from the covered bond programme. At the same time, 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 requires credit institutions issuing covered bonds to maintain at all times a liquidity 
buffer (‘cover pool liquidity buffer’) composed of liquid assets available to cover the net liquidity outflows of 
their covered bonds programmes for a period of 180 days. The cover pool liquidity buffer established by the 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 includes assets that meet all but one requirement to be recognised as liquid assets 
under the LCR Delegated Regulation: assets in the cover pool liquidity buffer are subject to the segregation 
requirement under the Article 12 of the Directive (EU) 2019/2162, making them encumbered and therefore 
ineligible in the LCR liquidity buffer, thus duplicating the liquidity requirements covered bonds issuers have 
to comply with. To ensure that Member States can address such overlap, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 includes 
an option for Member States to waive the specific cover pool liquidity buffer requirement for the time that the 
credit institution issuing covered bonds complies with other liquidity requirements under Union law. 
However, the exercise of the abovementioned waiver to avoid double counting would not be prudentially 
sound because, after the separation of the credit institution’s estates in stress scenarios, it would reduce the 
liquid assets in the cover pool intended to respond to its own payment obligations (liquid assets fulfilling the 
general liquidity coverage requirement are by definition unencumbered, meaning that they are freely available 
for the credit institution and part of its general estate). The draft delegated regulation aims to remove the 
overlap, by permitting credit institutions to treat liquid assets held as part of the cover pool liquidity buffer as 
unencumbered up to the amount of net liquidity outflows from the associated covered bond programme. 
Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation are proposed in the context of the 
draft delegated regulation at hand, in order to align the LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 129 of the 
CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160. The consultation ended on 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegated Law 2019 entered into force. It delegates the Italian Government to 
implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the European Delegated Law 2019: 
 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures, and 
 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set for 
covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under Article 1 
of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
On August 2021, a draft Legislative Decree implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 was filed with the 
competent Parliament Committees for their examination, which has been approved and transposed into the 
Legislative decree No. 90 of 5 November 2021 (“Decree 190/2021”). In this respect, it is worth mentioning 
that the national legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) 
the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the 
liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the 
issuance of covered bonds with extensible maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation 
of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of programs with extensible maturity by taking as a

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
 
reference the final maturity date for the payment of principal.  
Moreover, the draft Legislative Decree designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations by 8 
July 2022. In this regulations, the Bank of Italy will also have to assess whether to exercise the option 
provided for in the Directive that allows Member States to lower the threshold of the minimum level of 
overcollateralization Following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and 
ended on 11 February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 
190/2021. Such amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the 
conditions for establishing new issuance programmes and the interim discipline regarding new issues under 
issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 2023; (iv) the possibility forbanks having a rating 
corresponding at least to credit quality step 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging 
purposes. In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy 
did not exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower 
the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not capable of assessing the impact that the application 
of the above provisions will have on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Covered Bonds. 
After the date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds 
may be affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and 
there can be no assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any 
transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable 
law or regulation, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Audit of the annual financial statements 
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, approved by the Board of Directors on 17 March 2023 and by the Shareholders at 
the Shareholders' Meeting on 29 April 2023, have been audited by the independent auditors, EY S.p.A. who 
issued their unqualified audit opinion on 5 April 2023. 
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, approved by the Board of Directors on 21 March 2022 and by the Shareholders at 
the Shareholders' Meeting on 30 April 2022, have been audited by the independent auditors, EY S.p.A., which 
issued their unqualified audit opinion on 8 April 2022. 
The Issuer states that the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2023, approved by the Board of Directors on 8 August 2023, have been reviewed by 
the independent auditors, EY S.p.A., who issued their unqualified review report on 11 August 2023. 
The Issuer states that the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the six

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
 
months ended 30 June 2022, approved by the Board of Directors on 5 August 2022, have been reviewed by 
the independent auditors, EY S.p.A., who issued their unqualified review report on 3 September 2022. 
The annual consolidated financial statements and the half-year unaudited condensed interim consolidated 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union (IFRS).  
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to facilitate the understanding of economic and financial performance of the BPS Group, the Issuer's 
directors have identified certain unaudited Alternative Performance Measures (APM). 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference the following unaudited alternative performance 
measures, as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its 
financial and operating performance and to facilitate management in identifying operational trends and take 
about investment decisions, resource allocation and other operational decisions. 
With reference to the interpretation of these APM draws attention to the matters illustrated below: 
(i) 
these indicators are constructed exclusively from the BPS Group's historical data and are not 
indicative of the future performance of the BPS Group; 
(ii) 
the APM are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer's consolidated financial 
statements are not audited; 
(iii) 
these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS; 
(iv) 
reading of these APM should be carried out together with the BPS Group's financial information from 
the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021 and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements at 30 June 2023, 2022 
and 2021;  
(v) 
it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APM in the same manner, these are not always 
comparable to measurements used by other companies. 
APM used by the BPS Group are processed with continuity and consistency of definition and representation for 
all periods for which financial information included in this Base Prospectus. 
Measures of profitability  
Cost to income ratio 
Cost/Income ratio is a ratio of operating costs to total income derived from the income statement of the 
Issuer. Cost/income ratio is one of the primary indicators of efficiency of the Issuer. The higher is the ratio, 
the lower is the profitability.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
A. Operating costs 
(525,723) 
(515,104) 
(278,668) 
(256,200) 
(244,316) 
B. Total income 
1,070,098 
1,031,723 
  
686,187  
484,282 
505,349 
Cost to income ratio 
(A/B) 
49.13% 
49.93% 
40.61% 
52.90% 
48.35% 
Net interest income to total assets  
The ratio shows the profitability of the lending activity. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
A. 
Net 
interest 
income 
681,067 
528,924 
  
427,337  
320,309 
264,037 
B. Total assets 
57,854,361 
55,016,149 
  
53,970,920  
54,660,518 
52,950,874 
Net interest income 
to total assets (A/B) 
1.18% 
0.96% 
0.79% 
0.59% 
 
0.50% 
Net financial income to total assets 
The ratio shows the incidence of lending activity on total assets. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
A. 
Net 
financial 
income 
900,344 
897,351 
  
607,252  
440,884 
455,876 
B. Total assets 
57,854,361 
55,016,149 
  
53,970,920  
54,660,518 
52,950,874 
Net financial income 
to total assets (A/B) 
1.56% 
 
1.63% 
1.13% 
0.81% 
 
0.86% 
Net interest income to total income 
The ratio shows the profitability of lending activity compared to the interest rate risk. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
 
A. Net interest income 
681,067 
528,924 
  
427,337  
320,309 
264,037 
B. Total income 
1,070,098 
1,031,723 
  
686,187  
484,282 
505,349 
Net interest income to 
total incomes (A/B) 
63.65% 
 
51.27% 
62.28% 
 
66.14% 
 
52.25% 
Administrative costs to total income 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of administrative costs on net interest and other banking income. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
A. Administrative costs 
(531,149) 
(506,708) 
(279,057) 
(261,380) 
(248, 875) 
B. Total income 
1,070,098 
1,031,723 
  
686,187  
484,282 
505,349 
Administrative expenses 
to total income (A/B) 
49.64% 
49.11% 
40.67% 
 
53.97% 
 
49.25% 
Profit to total assets 
The return on assets (ROA) shows the percentage of how profitable a company's assets are in generating 
revenue. 
 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
A. Profit attributable to the 
parent company 
251,321 
 
268,634 
  
207,086  
 
105,061 
 
136,689 
B. Total assets 
57,854,361 
55,016,149 
  
53,970,920  
54,660,518 
52,950,874 
Profit to total assets (A/B) 
0.43% 
0.49% 
0.38% 
0.19% 
0.26% 
Texas ratio 
Texas ratio is a ratio of net non-performing loans to net tangible equity minus intangible assets. Texas ratio 
represents the capability of the Issuer to support loan losses.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021 
A. Net non-performing loans 
608,596 
836,806 
  
577,364  
760,781 
1,019,090 
B. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,270,494 
  
3,510,409  
3,293,556 
3,126,498 
C. Intangible assets 
36,669 
31,013 
36,995 
37,636 
31,103 
Texas ratio (A/(B-C)) 
18.16% 
25.83% 
16.62% 
23.37% 
32.92% 
Capital to direct funding from customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on direct customer deposits. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,270,494 
  
3.510,409  
3,293,556 
3,126,498 
B. Direct funding from customers 
41,771,007 
39,303,785 
  
39,091,085  
38,215,064 
36,957,595 
Capital to direct funding from 
customers (A/B) 
8.11% 
 
8.32% 
8.98% 
 
8.62% 
 
8.46% 
Capital to customer loans 
 The ratio shows in percentage the weight of the net equity on loans and receivables with customers 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,270,494 
  
3,510,409  
3,293,556 
3,126,498 
B. Loans to customers 
33,020,179 
31,059,318 
  
33,299,581  
33,271,107 
31,046,131 
Capital to customer loans (A/B) 
10.26% 
10.53% 
10.54% 
9.9% 
10.07% 
Capital to financial assets 
 The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on financial assets. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
31 
December 
30 June 
30 June 
30 June

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
2023 
2022 
2021 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,270,494 
  
3,510,409  
3,293,556 
3,126,498 
B. Financial assets 
13,667,380 
13,703,590 
  
13,475,143  
13,275,731 
12,543,964 
Capital to financial assets (A/B) 
24.78% 
23.87% 
26.05% 
24.81% 
24.92% 
Capital to total assets  
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on total assets and it’s a financial independence 
index. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,270,494 
  
3,510,409  
3,293,556 
3,126,498 
B.Total assets 
57,854,361 
55,016,149 
  
53,970,920  
54,660,518 
52,950,874 
Capital to total assets (A/B) 
5.86% 
5.94% 
6.50% 
6.03% 
5.9% 
Net non-performing loans to capital 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net non-performing loans on net equity and it is an asset quality 
index. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021 
A. Bad loans with customer 
121,837 
192,290 
87,132 
190,111 
316,181 
B. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,270,494 
  
3,510,409  
3,293,556 
3,126,498 
Net 
non-performing 
loans 
to 
capital (A/B) 
3.60% 
 
5.88% 
2.48% 
 
5.77% 
 
10.11% 
Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers and it is an 
asset quality index 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
 
A. Net non-performing loans 
608,596 
836,806 
577,364 
760,781 
1,019,090 
B. Total loans to customers 
33,020,179 
31,059,318 
  
33,299,581  
33,271,107 
31,046,131 
Net 
non-performing 
loans 
to 
total loans to customers (A/B) 
1.84% 
 
2.69% 
1.73% 
  
2.29% 
 
3.28% 
Total loans to customers to total direct funding from customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of total loans to customers to total direct funding from customers. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
A. Total loans to customers 
33,020,179 
31,059,318 
  
33,299,581  
33,271,107 
31,046,131 
B. 
Total 
direct 
funding 
from 
customers 
41,771,007 
39,303,786 
  
39,091,085  
38,215,064 
36,957,595 
Total loans to customers to total 
direct funding from customers (A/B) 
79.05% 
 
79.02% 
85.18% 
 
87.06% 
 
84% 
 
Cost of credit (on annual basis) 
The ratio of net adjustments to customer loans to total customer loans 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021 
A. Net adjustment to customer 
loans 
(169,754) 
(134,372) 
(78,935) 
(43,398) 
(49,473) 
B. Annual basis 
1 
1 
2 
2 
2 
C. Loans to customers 
33,020,179 
31,059,318 
33,299,581 
33,271,107 
31,046,131 
Cost of credit (A/C*B) 
0.51% 
0.43% 
0.47% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
Leverage ratio 
The ratio of Tier 1 to total on- and off-balance sheet assets 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
 
A. Tier 1 (phased-in) 
3,239,887 
3,173,556 
3,410,749 
3,164,186 
3,074,806 
B. Total on- and off-balance 
sheet assets 
62,953,892 
54,362,126 
60,049,824 
59,793,592 
52,652,000 
Leverage ratio (A/B) 
5.15% 
5.84% 
5.68% 
5.29% 
5.84% 
Return on Equity 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 30 June 2021 
A. Profit for the period 
251,321 
268,634 
  
207,086  
105,061 
136,689 
B. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,270,494 
  
3.510,409  
3,293,556 
3,126,498 
ROE (A/B) 
7.42% 
8.21% 
5.90% 
3.19% 
4.37%

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
 
THE GUARANTOR  
Introduction 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing 
the Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor was incorporated and operates in the Republic of Italy as a limited liability company 
incorporated under Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, with Fiscal Code, VAT number and 
registration number with the Register of Enterprises of Treviso-Belluno no. 04620230260.  
The Guarantor was incorporated on 11 September 2013 with the denomination of SPV Covered Bond 4 S.r.l. 
(and enrolled in Register of Enterprises of Treviso-Belluno on 13 September 2013) and subsequently changed 
its denomination in POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. from 14 May 2014 by a resolution of the Quotaholder’s of 8 
May 2014. The duration of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. shall be until 2100. 
BPS with the 60 per cent of the quota capital of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., controls POPSO Covered Bond 
S.r.l..  
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has its registered office at Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy and the 
telephone number of the registered office is 0039/0438360900 and the fax number is 0039/0438360962.  
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. is Euro 10,000. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor has no website. 
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
81560046696F5A9E4320 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of the POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. is to purchase from banks, against payment, 
receivables and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, in compliance with Title 1-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated 
loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds 
issued by such banks or other entities.  
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., indeed, will grant the Covered Bond Guarantee to the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders, of the counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the purpose to cover the risks 
inherent the purchased credits and securities and of the counterparts of other ancillary contracts, as well as 
to the benefit of the payment of the other costs of the transaction, with priority in respect of the 
reimbursement of the others loans, pursuant to paragraph 1 of Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law.  
Since the date of its incorporation, POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has not engaged in any business other than the 
purchase of the Portfolio and the entering into of the Programme Documents and other ancillary documents. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. shall not, without the 
consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys or engage in any business (other than acquiring and holding the assets backing the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, assuming the Subordinated Loan, issuing the Covered Bond Guarantee and entering into the 
Programme Documents to which it is a party), pay any dividends, repay or otherwise return any equity capital, 
have any subsidiaries, employees or premises, consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or 
transfer its property or assets to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the Conditions or the

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
 
Intercreditor Agreement) or guarantee any additional quota. 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Organisationl structure  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor doesn’t own any of its own holdings or shares in its 
parent company, either directly or through trust companies. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor is subject to the activity of direction and coordination 
(soggetta all’attività di direzione e coordinamento) pursuant to article 2497 of the Italian civil code of Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor doesn’t have any branch offices and has no employees. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The directors of the Guarantor are: 
NAME AND SURNAME  
OFFICE HELD IN THE GUARANTOR 
OFFICES 
HELD 
IN 
OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Gianpietro Macoggi 
President and Managing Director 
Responsabile Funding e operazioni 
con collaterale at Banca Popolare 
di Sondrio S.p.A. 
Carlo Trombetta 
Director 
Consultant at Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio S.p.A. 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing Director 
Head 
of 
Financial 
Institutions 
Structured Credit and Specialized 
Lending 
at 
Banca 
Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. 
 
Under the Quotaholders' Agreement the Quotaholders have undertaken that, if, at any time, a Board of 
Statutory Auditors shall be appointed, it shall be composed of three members which shall appointed as 
follows: one by SVM Securitsation Vehicles Management S.r.l. (“SVM”) and two by BPS. No Board of Statutory 
Auditors has been appointed as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors is POPSO 
Covered Bond S.r.l., Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interest or 
other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The quotaholders of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
BPS, 60 per cent of the quota capital; 
SVM, 40 per cent of the quota capital.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
 
BPS, with the 60 per cent of the quota capital controls POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l.. In order to avoid any abuse, 
certain mitigants have been inserted in the Quotaholders’ Agreement, as better described in the following 
paragraph.  
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia a call option in favour of BPS to purchase from SVM and a 
put option in favour of SVM to sell to BPS, the quota of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. held by SVM and provisions 
in relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from latest of the Expiry 
Date and the Programme Maturity Date. 
In addition the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. will 
approve the payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to 
the Other Creditors have been paid in full. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position, and Profits and 
Losses 
The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year.  
The Guarantor has not, from the date of its incorporation, carried out any business activities nor has incurred 
in any financial indebtedness (other than those incurred in the context of the Programme). 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 10.000 
Euro. 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
BPS has a quota of Euro 6.000 Euro and SVM has a quota of Euro 4.000 Euro, each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness  
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has no 
borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but 
unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees 
or other contingent liabilities. 
Independent auditors 
On 21 April 2017 the Board of Directors of the Guarantor appointed EY S.p.A. to perform the audit of the 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ending 31 December 2017, 2018 and 2019. On 17 April 
2020, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor extended the appointment of EY S.p.A. as auditors of the 
Guarantor to perform the audit of the financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ending 31 
December 2020, 2021 and 2022. On 28 April 2023, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor extended the 
appointment of EY S.p.A. as auditors of the Guarantor for the period 2023 – 2025 to perform the audit of the 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ending 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025. 
EY S.p.A. audited and issued an unmodified audit report on the financial statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.  
EY S.p.A., which is the current independent auditor of the Guarantor, is regulated by the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance (“MEF”) and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors held by MEF, at no. 70945. EY S.p.A.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
 
is also a member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditing firms. The offices of EY S.p.A. are located at 
Via Meravigli 12, 20123, Milan, Italy.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to 
carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee and, 
following the latest amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations introduced by way of inclusion of the new 
Part III, Chapter 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
the information to be provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor enrolled 
with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012 and 
shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the Programme and from the accounting 
firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed also to the 
Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on 22 July 2014, as amended and supplemented form time to 
time, the Issuer has appointed BDO Italia S.p.A., a società per azioni incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Milan No. 07722780967, and included in the Register of Certified 
Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at No. 167911, as 
asset monitor (the “Asset Monitor”) in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from 
the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set 
out under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations and 
Article 129 of the CRR with respect to the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the compliance with 
the internal limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets set out under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations; (iii) the calculation performed by the Test Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement and the compliance with the limits set out under Articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, with respect to the Covered Bonds issued and the Eligible Assets 
included in the Portfolios as determined in the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap 
Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) the segregation of the Eligible Assets included 
in the Portfolio according to article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (vi) the correct 
application and notification of the extension of the maturity of the OBG issued as required by Article 7-
terdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (vii) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely 
delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
The engagement letter reflects the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations in relation to the monitoring 
activity and the reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Board of Statutory 
Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to 
the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on 22 July 2014, inter alios, the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, as 
amended and supplemented form time to time, as more fully described under “Description of the Programme

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
 
Documents — Asset Monitor Agreement”, below.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, as amended and supplemented form time to time, pursuant to which the 
Guarantor agreed to issue, for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors, a first 
demand, unconditional, irrevocable and autonomous guarantee to support payments of interest and principal 
under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme and other payments due to the Other 
Issuer Creditors. Under the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to the 
Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become due and payable but which would otherwise be unpaid by 
the Issuer. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover 
Pool as provided under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders will enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee: (i) following (a) the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer, the Guarantor or (b) the occurrence of a Resolution Event unless the Issuer has 
fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant payment date and (ii) following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts shall be made by the Guarantor on the dates scheduled and for the amounts 
determined in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that, should a resolution pursuant to article 74 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act be issued in respect of the Issuer, although such event constitutes an Issuer 
Event of Default, the consequences thereof will only apply during the Suspension Period. Following an Article 
74 Event: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that such event may be temporary; and 
(ii) 
the Guarantor shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the 
Covered Bonds within the Suspension Period at their relevant due date provided that it shall be entitled 
to claim any such amounts from the Issuer. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice, informing such parties that 
the Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again be responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties thereto have also agreed that, upon enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor shall be entitled to request from the Issuer — also prior to any 
payments are effected by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee — an amount up to the 
Guaranteed Amounts, in order to secure the Issuer obligations to the subrogation right of the Guarantor. Any 
sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be used to make payments in accordance with the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor shall no longer be entitled to request to the Issuer payment of such amounts 
if a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Covered 
Bonds have been otherwise accelerated pursuant to the Conditions.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
 
The service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will result in the 
acceleration of the right of the Covered Bondholders of each Series of Covered Bonds issued to receive 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will demand the 
immediate payment by the Guarantor of all Guaranteed Amounts. Payments made by the Guarantor following 
the service of a Guarantor Event of Default shall be made pari passu and on a pro-rata basis to the Covered 
Bondholders of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the recourse of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Other Issuer Creditors to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the Guarantor 
Available Funds. 
Furthermore, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that as of the date of administrative 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer or following the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance with the 
provisions of Article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders against the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Guarantor 
Available Funds, provided that, pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law, further to enforcement of the Guarantee, the Covered Bondholders shall participate to the final 
distribution of the Issuer’s assets in respect of any residual amount due to them with any other unsecured 
creditor including - pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law - any 
derivative transaction counterparty. 
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or there is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to the Covered 
Bondholders' and Other Issuer Creditors' rights against the Issuer pursuant to article 2900 et seq. of the 
Italian Civil Code. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Lender) and the Guarantor entered into a 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time, in accordance with the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law under which the Seller granted or will grant to the Guarantor a term loan 
facility in an aggregate amount equal to the relevant Total Commitment, for the purposes of (i) funding the 
purchase by the Guarantor of Eligible Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement and (ii) crediting into the Reserve Fund 
Account an amount, or establishing a cash reserve, which will be sufficient in order to comply with the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Lender has acknowledged its undertakings 
(i) pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, to transfer further Eligible Assets to the Guarantor 
and to make available to the Guarantor further Term Loans in order to fund the purchase of such assets, (ii) 
pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, to make available to the Guarantor further Term Loans in 
order to fund any settlement amounts of the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio or any New Portfolio which 
may be due by the Guarantor under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, and (iii) pursuant to the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement, to allow the Guarantor to credit into the Reserve Fund Account an amount, or 
establishing a cash reserve, which will be sufficient in order to comply with the Liquidity Reserve

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
 
Requirement. 
The obligation of the Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Lender) to advance a Term Loan to the Guarantor 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be off-set, if applicable, against the obligation of the Guarantor 
to pay to the Seller the purchase price for the Eligible Assets funded by means of the relevant Term Loan.  
On each Guarantor Payment Date and subject to the Subordinated Lender having paid to the Guarantor any 
shortfall amount, the Guarantor will pay to the Subordinated Lender the amount of the Premium Interest, if 
any, payable to such Subordinated Lender on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments and the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Interest and Premium Interest, if any, payable in respect of a Term Loan shall be payable on each Guarantor 
Payment Date following the Drawdown Date (as defined under each Subordinated Loan Agreement) of that 
Term Loan, subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, each Term Loan shall be repaid on each Guarantor Payment 
Date subject to the written request of the Subordinated Lender and the Issuer, according to the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then Guarantor Available Funds, 
provided that such repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Tests. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Term Loans shall be repaid within the limits of the 
Guarantor Available Funds subject to the repayment in full (or, prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, the accumulation of funds sufficient for the purpose of such repayment) of all Covered Bonds. 
Upon occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, any amount payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated 
Lender pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be considered automatically offset against the 
amounts due by the Subordinated Lender as a result of the enforcement of the Guarantee. 
Governing law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement 
On 30 May 2014 the Seller and the Guarantor entered into the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, pursuant to which the Seller will assign and transfer to the 
Guarantor, and the Guarantor will purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from the Seller, an Initial Portfolio 
and New Portfolios of Eligible Assets that shall form part of the Cover Pool, in accordance with articles 4 and 
Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and article 129, par. 1, lett. (d) of CRR (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time). 
Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein, the 
Seller (i) shall assign and transfer, without recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor and the Guarantor shall 
purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from the Seller, New Portfolios which shall form part of the Cover 
Pool held by the Guarantor, if such transfer is required under the terms of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests, it being understood that, in 
accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, in case of 
violation of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement, the Seller will have the obligation to transfer, and the 
Guarantor to purchase, exclusively Liquidity Assets; and (ii) may transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, and 
the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller such New Portfolios, in order to supplement the Cover Pool in 
connection with the issuance of further Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
In addition to (i) and (ii) above, under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
 
Agreement, prior to the delivery to the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice, the Seller may 
transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, also for the purposes of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool 
with the thresholds required under article 129, paragraph 1(a) of the CRR, which will fund the purchase price 
thereof through the principal collections then standing to the credit of the Collection Account. 
The Purchase Price payable for the Initial Portfolio has been determined pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement. Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement the relevant parties thereto have 
acknowledged that the Purchase Price for the Initial Portfolio shall be funded through the proceeds of the first 
Term Loan under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. The Purchase Price for each New Portfolio will 
be equal to the aggregate amount of the Individual Purchase Price of all Receivables comprised in such New 
Portfolio pursuant to the provisions of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
In case the Purchase Price is paid with the principal collections then standing to the credit of the Collection 
Account and, upon the settlement procedure set out above, the Guarantor is required to pay amounts to the 
Seller in excess of the Purchase Price already paid, such amounts will be deducted from the amounts due to 
the Seller as repayment of the outstanding Term Loans and, to the extent no such amounts are available, 
through the proceeds of an appropriate Term Loan to be made available by the Seller as Subordinated Lender 
pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
The Seller has sold to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased from the Seller, the Receivables 
comprised in the Initial Portfolio, which meet the Common Criteria (as described in detail in the section 
headed “Description of the Cover Pool”) and the relevant specific criteria (as described in detail under each 
relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement). Receivables comprised in any New Portfolio to be transferred 
under the relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement shall meet, in addition to the Common Criteria, the 
relevant specific criteria and/or any further criteria. 
Pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Seller will have the right to repurchase individual Receivables (including Defaulted Receivables) transferred to 
the Guarantor under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor will, prior to disposing of the Eligible Assets or 
pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, offer to sell the Eligible Assets to the Seller 
at a price equal to the minimum purchase price of the relevant Eligible Assets as determined pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. If the Guarantor should subsequently propose to transfer such assets for 
a price lower than the minimum purchase price as determined pursuant to the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, it shall again offer such assets to the Seller on the same terms and conditions offered by such 
third parties before entering into a transfer agreement with the latter. 
Governing law 
The Master Loans Purchase Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, pursuant to which the Seller has given certain representations and 
warranties in favour of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself, the Portfolio transferred and to be 
transferred by it pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Real Estate Assets over which the 
relevant Mortgages are established and certain other matters in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds 
and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that may be 
incurred, inter alia, in connection with the purchase and ownership of the relevant Portfolio. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by the Seller as to

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
 
matters of law and fact affecting the Seller including, without limitation, that the Seller validly exists as a legal 
entity, has the corporate authority and power to enter into the Programme Documents to which it is party and 
assume the obligations contemplated therein and has all the necessary authorisations for such purpose. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement sets out certain representations and warranties in respect of the 
Portfolio to which it relates, including, inter alia, that, as of the date of execution of each Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio (i) are valid, in existence and in 
compliance with the criteria set forth under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, and (ii) relate to 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements which have been entered into, executed and performed by the Seller 
in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Guarantor, its officers or agents or any of its permitted assigns from and against any and all damages, losses, 
claims, costs and expenses awarded against, or incurred by such parties which arise out of or result from, 
inter alia, any representation and warranty given by the Seller under or pursuant to the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement being false, incomplete or incorrect. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Servicer and the Guarantor entered into the Servicing Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, pursuant to which the Guarantor has appointed Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.p.A. as Servicer of the Receivables. The Servicer will act as the "soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei 
crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento" pursuant to the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and 
will be responsible for the receipt of the Collections acting as agent (mandatario con obbligo di rendiconto) of 
the Guarantor. In such capacity, the Servicer shall also be responsible for ensuring that such operations 
comply with the provisions of articles 2, paragraph 3, letter (c), and 2, paragraphs 6 and 6-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement the Servicer will transfer the interest and principal collections with 
respect to the Receivables to the Collection Account held with the Account Bank within the immediately 
following Business Day. 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer may delegate to third parties, to carry out on behalf of the 
Guarantor and in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and the Credit and Collection Policy the 
management, administration, collection and recovery activities with respect to the Receivables transferred by 
the Seller to the Guarantor. 
The Servicer has undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, and the Corporate Servicer, the Monthly Servicer's Report prepared substantially in 
the form of Schedule 2, part I, of the Servicing Agreement or in the form as may be agreed between the 
parties thereto. 
The Servicer has undertaken to deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the 
Issuer Paying Agent, the Corporate Servicer and the Rating Agency, the Quarterly Servicer's Report prepared 
substantially in the form of Schedule 2, part II, of the Servicing Agreement or in the form as may be agreed 
between the parties thereto.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
 
The Servicer has represented to the Guarantor that it has all skills, software, hardware, information 
technology and human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards required by the Servicing 
Agreement in relation to the respective responsibilities. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a successor servicer or service provider 
if certain events occur (each, a " Servicer Termination Event"): namely: 
(i) 
failure (not attributable to force majeure) to deposit or pay any amount required to be paid or 
deposited which failure continues for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of a written notice 
from the Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(ii) 
failure to observe or perform duties under specified clauses of the Servicing Agreement and the 
continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of written notice from 
the Guarantor (provided that a failure ascribable to any delegate of the Servicer shall not constitute a 
Servicer Termination Event); 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(iv) 
it becomes unlawful for the Servicer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the 
Servicing Agreement; 
(v) 
the Servicer is or will be unable to meet the current or future legal requirements and the Bank of Italy's 
Regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a covered bonds transaction; 
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
For a description of the Programme Agreement, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Intercreditor Agreement 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors entered into the Intercreditor Agreement, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. Under the Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as to 
the application of the proceeds from Collections in respect of the Cover Pool and as to the circumstances in 
which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled, in the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders, to exercise certain of the Guarantor's rights in respect of the Cover Pool and the Programme 
Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Creditors have agreed, inter alia: to the order of priority of payments 
to be made out of the Guarantor Available Funds; that the obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered 
Bondholders and, in general, to the Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor; and 
that the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent 
of the Guarantor Available Funds. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
acting pursuant to the Conditions, in relation to the management and administration of the Cover Pool. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
 
On 22 July 2014, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Test Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, whereby each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has appointed the Asset 
Monitor to perform the services set out therein — please see "The Asset Monitor" below. 
The appointment by the Guarantor will become effective only subject to, and with effect from, the delivery of 
an Issuer Default Notice, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the 
Asset Monitor will provide the services to the Guarantor up to the date on which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholder will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice.  
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to the Issuer and, upon delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, to the Guarantor, to verify, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by 
the Test Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the 
Test Calculation Agent in relation to the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, with a 
view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate. 
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services also for the 
benefit and in the interests of the Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the services under the 
appointment of the Issuer) and the Covered Bondholders and accepted that upon delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, it will receive instructions from, provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its behalf, so that the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice shall 
entail no termination of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
In addition, on or prior to each relevant date as set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
has undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer and the Issuer the Asset Monitor Report (as defined 
under the Asset Monitor Agreement). 
The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may, until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
without any prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, revoke 
the appointment of the Asset Monitor, in either case by giving not less than three months' (or earlier, in the 
event of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the Asset Monitor (with a copy to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Test 
Calculation Agent). The Asset Monitor may resign from its appointment under the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
upon giving not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Test Calculation 
Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders subject to and conditional upon certain conditions 
set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Account Bank, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Cash 
Manager, the Corporate Servicer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement:

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, 
Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account and to provide the 
Guarantor with certain reporting services together with account handling services in relation to monies 
from time to time standing to the credit of such Accounts pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor Paying Agent or the Issuer Paying Agent, as the case may be, has agreed to provide the 
Guarantor with certain payment services together with certain calculation services pursuant to the 
terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services; and 
(iv) 
the Cash Manager has agreed to provide the Guarantor with investment services. 
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) revoke the 
appointment of any Agent under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement by giving not less 
than three months' (or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants by the relevant Agent) 
written notice to the relevant Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), 
regardless of whether an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. Any Agent may 
resign from its appointment under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, upon giving 
not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
agree) prior written notice of termination to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Issuer subject to and conditional upon certain conditions set out in the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cover Pool Management Agreement  
On 22 July 2014, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Seller and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time, pursuant to which they have 
agreed certain terms regulating, inter alia, the performance of the Tests with respect to the Cover Pool and 
the purchase and sale by the Guarantor of assets included in the Cover Pool. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds and until the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have 
been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms, the Seller has undertaken to procure 
that on any Test Calculation Date each of the Statutory Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the 
Asset Coverage Test is met with respect to the Cover Pool. In addition, on each Test Calculation Date 
following the service of an Issuer Default Notice (and on any date on which the Amortisation Test is to be 
performed) (provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), but prior to 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify that the Amortisation Test is met 
with respect to the Cover Pool. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify if each of the Statutory Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and 
the Asset Coverage Test is met on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date any of the Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly 
Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period. Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the “Attività Finanziarie Deteriorate” are not considered for the calculation of the Statutory Tests.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
 
The Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver to Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor, not later 
than the Test Calculation Date (or Monthly test Calculation Date, as applicable) a report setting out the 
calculations carried out by it in respect to the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement and (to the extent carried out pursuant to Clause 3.1 (General undertaking to ensure 
Amortisation Test is met) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement) the Amortisation Test (the "Test 
Performance Report"), it being understood that the Test Performance Report shall be provided no later than 
the Monthly Test Calculation Date in case of occurrence of any event described under Clauses 4.2 and 4.5 of 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. Such Test Performance Report shall specify the occurrence of a breach of the 
Statutory Tests and/or the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and/or the Asset Coverage Test and/or the 
Amortisation Test and the Portfolio with respect to which a shortfall has occurred, identified on the basis of 
the Seller which transferred it to the Guarantor. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify each Test on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any 
such Test Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Calculation Date 
until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period. 
If the Test Calculation Agent notifies the breach of any Test in accordance with Clause 4.2 (Breach of Tests) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement, during the period starting on the date on which the breach is 
notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the 1st (first) following Test Calculation Date (the "Test 
Grace Period"), (i) the Guarantor will purchase Eligible Assets, to be transferred by the Issuer in an aggregate 
amount sufficient to ensure, also taking into account the information provided by the Test Calculation Agent 
in the Test Performance Report notifying the relevant breach, that as of the Test Calculation Date falling at 
the end of the Test Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool provided that, in 
accordance with Clause 4.5 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, failure to remedy the Statutory Tests 
and the Asset Coverage Test will trigger an Issuer Event of Default only to the extent that on the end of the 
relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach has not been remedied in accordance with Clause 4.3 (Grace 
Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement during the applicable Test Grace 
Period, or (ii) the Issuer may, but shall not obliged to, transfer to the Guarantor New Portfolio(s) of Eligible 
Assets in order to cure such excess or alternatively, the Issuer may repurchase Liquidity Assets to comply 
with such limits; in the meantime, the Liquidity Assets in excess of the limits set out in Article 129, paragraph 
1(a) of the CRR, will not be computed for the purpose of the Tests.  
At any time prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets which 
are in compliance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter (b), of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law (the “Liquidity Assets”) included in the Cover Pool may not be in excess of the threshold set out under 
Article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR. Should the result from any Test Performance Report show that the 
aggregate amount of Liquidity Assets included in the Cover Pool is in excess of the thresholds set out under 
Article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR, then the Seller may, but shall not obliged to, transfer to the 
Guarantor New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in order to cure such excess. In the meantime, the Liquidity 
Assets in excess of the limits set out in Article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR will not be computed for the 
purpose of the Tests, it being understood that any such breach of the amount of Liquidity Assets included in 
the Cover Pool shall constitute neither an Issuer Event of Default nor a Guarantor Event of Default. 
For the purpose of allowing the Guarantor to fund the purchases referred to the Issuer, in its capacity as 
Subordinated Lender, has undertaken to advance to the Guarantor a Term Loan in accordance with the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement in an amount equal to the purchase price to be paid by the Guarantor 
for the Eligible Assets to be transferred by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer acknowledges 
and agrees that the Total Commitment amount set out from time to time under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement shall under no circumstances be construed as a limitation with respect to the Issuer's obligations

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
 
to advance the Term Loans due to the Guarantor in order to fund the purchase price for the relevant Eligible 
Assets or to comply with the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
Following the notification by the Test Calculation Agent that: 
(a) 
on a given Test Calculation Date, the Statutory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the 
Amortisation Test have been breached; and 
(b) 
after the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach has not been remedied in 
accordance with Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement during the applicable Test Grace Period,  
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will deliver, as the case may be: 
(i) 
an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or  
(ii) 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, if an Issuer Default Notice has already been served 
(provided that, should such Issuer Default Notice consist of an Article 74 Event, it has not served an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and the Amortisation Test is breached. 
Upon receipt of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall dispose of the 
assets included in the Cover Pool. The Issuer will not issue further Series of Covered Bonds following the 
breach of Tests which have not been cured or otherwise remedied. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor (also through the Servicer, pursuant to article 2.5.2 of the Servicing 
Agreement) will sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with this Clause 5, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to buy such Eligible 
Assets pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of 
Default consists of an Article 74 Event, such provisions will only apply for as long as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
The Eligible Assets to be sold or liquidated will be selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis by the 
Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor and so to ensure that the ratio between the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Cover Pool and the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of Covered Bonds 
remains unaltered both prior to and following the sale or liquidation of the relevant Selected Assets and 
repayment of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (any such Eligible Assets, the "Selected Assets"). 
Before offering Selected Assets for sale or liquidating them, the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected 
Assets have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance which is as close as possible to: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, multiplied by 1+ 
(Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds/365)); minus 
(b) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Guarantor Payments Account and the 
Reserve Fund Account, 
excluding, with respect to item (b) above, all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the applicable Priority of Payments (the "Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance"). 
The Guarantor through the Portfolio Manager will offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate them for the 
best price or proceeds reasonably available but in any event for an amount not less than the Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance (the "Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount"). 
If the Selected Assets have not been sold or otherwise liquidated in an amount equal to the Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
 
Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or the Extended 
Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds, and the Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to the credit of the 
Collection Account, the Guarantor Payments Account and the Reserve Fund Account available to repay the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all payments, provisions and credits to be made in 
priority thereto), then the Guarantor through the Portfolio Manager will offer the Selected Assets for sale or 
liquidate them for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount and provided that the Guarantor will sell or liquidate further 
Selected Assets as are necessary to generate proceeds at least equal to the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale or otherwise liquidate part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a "Partial 
Portfolio"). Except in circumstances described under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the sale price or 
liquidation proceeds of the Partial Portfolio (as a proportion of the Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount) shall be at least equal to the proportion that the Partial Portfolio bears to the relevant portfolio of 
Selected Assets. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Event of Default on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor will through a 
tender process (to be carried out by the Corporate Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) appoint a portfolio 
manager (the "Portfolio Manager") of recognised standing on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio 
Manager to achieve the best proceeds for the sale or liquidation of the Selected Assets (if such terms are 
commercially available in the market) and to advise it in relation to the sale to purchasers (except where the 
Issuer is buying the Selected Assets in accordance with its right of pre-emption under the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement) or liquidation of the Selected Assets. The terms of the agreement giving effect to the 
appointment of the Portfolio Manager in accordance with such tender, as well as the terms and conditions of 
the sale of the Selected Assets, shall be approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, provided 
however that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall never be responsible against any person 
whatsoever for the selection of, and the performance of the activities entrusted with, the Portfolio Manager so 
appointed. 
Following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice consisting of an Article 74 Event, the obligation of the 
Guarantor to sell or liquidate Selected Assets, as described above, shall cease to apply starting from the date 
on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and 
the Asset Monitor an Article 74 Event Cure Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Following the delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor shall immediately sell or liquidate all assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
procedures described above and the proceeds thereof will be applied as Guarantor Available Funds, provided 
that the Guarantor (or, in the absence, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) will instruct the 
Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that such sale or liquidation is carried out as 
quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Management Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
The Swap Agreements 
Liability Swap Agreements 
The Guarantor may enter into one or more Liability Swap Agreements on or about the Issue Date of a Series

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
 
of Covered Bonds with one or more Liability Swap Providers to hedge certain interest rate, currency and other 
risks in respect of amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds issued on that 
Issue Date. The aggregate notional amount of the Liability Swap Agreements entered into on each Issue Date 
shall be linked to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Liability Swap Agreements, on each Guarantor Payment Date, it is expected that the Guarantor will 
pay to the Liability Swap Provider an amount calculated by reference to the notional amount of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds multiplied by either a fixed rate or Euribor, possibly increased by a margin. In return, 
the Liability Swap Provider would pay to the Guarantor on the payment dates elected in the relevant 
confirmation an amount calculated by reference to the notional amount multiplied by a rate linked to the 
interest rate applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  
It is intended that each Liability Swap Agreement would terminate on the date corresponding to the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series and may or may not take account of any extension of the 
Maturity Date under the terms of such Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Liability Swap 
Agreement. 
Asset Swap Agreements 
Some of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the portfolio purchased by the Guarantor from each Seller from 
time to time will pay a variable rate of interest and other Residential Mortgage Loans will pay a fixed rate of 
interest. The Guarantor may enter into an Asset Swap Agreement to mitigate variations between the rate of 
interest payable on the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio and EURIBOR and to ensure sufficient 
funding of the payment obligations of the Guarantor. 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of a Swap Provider or its credit 
support provider are downgraded by the Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the criteria of the Rating Agency), then such Swap Provider will, in accordance 
with the relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include:  
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity with the 
ratings required by the Rating Agency in order to maintain the rating of the Covered Bonds, or 
(c) 
procuring another entity, with the ratings meeting the Rating Agency's criteria in order to maintain the 
rating of the Covered Bonds, to become a guarantor in respect of such Swap Provider's obligations 
under the Swap Agreement. 
A failure by the relevant Swap Provider to take such steps within the time periods specified in the Swap 
Agreement may allow the Guarantor to terminate the relevant Swap Agreement(s). 
Any Swap Provider that does not, on the day of entry into a Swap Agreement, have the adequate rating shall 
have its obligations to the Guarantor under such Swap Agreement guaranteed by an appropriately rated 
entity. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Swap Agreement will be supplemented and complemented by a credit support document in the form of 
the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (a "Credit Support 
Annex"). The Credit Support Annex will provide that the relevant Swap Provider, if required to do so following 
its downgrade or the downgrade of its credit support provider and subject to the conditions specified in such 
Credit Support Annex, will transfer collateral (“Swap Collateral”), and the Guarantor will be obliged to return

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
 
equivalent collateral in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement.  
Cash and securities (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral will only be available to be 
applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the relevant Swap 
Provider in accordance with the terms and within the limits of the Swap Agreement. 
Any Swap Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider directly in accordance 
with the terms of the Swap Agreement and not under any Priority of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with them are governed 
by English Law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into a mandate 
agreement (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Mandate Agreement”), pursuant to which 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be authorised, subject to a Guarantor Default Notice 
being delivered to the Guarantor or upon failure by the Guarantor to exercise its rights under the Programme 
Documents and, subject to certain conditions, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, in the 
interest of the Covered Bondholders and for the benefit of the Other Creditors all the Guarantor’s right with 
reference to certain Programme Documents. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Pledge 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors 
entered into the Deed of Pledge, as amended and supplemented from time to time, under which, without 
prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantee and other right provided by the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and the Deed of Charge, securing the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the 
Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the Guarantor has pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors all monetary claims and rights and all the amount arising (including 
payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Guarantor is or 
will be entitled to from time to time pursuant to certain Programme Documents, with the exclusion of the 
Cover Pool and the Collections. The security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge will become enforceable 
upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Charge 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor entered into the Deed of Charge with the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, as amended and supplemented from time to time, pursuant to which, without prejudice and in 
addition to any security, guarantees and other rights provided by the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law 
and the Deed of Pledge securing the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the Covered Bondholders and 
the Other Creditors, the Guarantor has charged and assigned in favour of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors all of its right, title, benefit and 
interest under the Swap Agreements, including the benefit of any guarantees thereunder, and right or title on 
or to any asset subject to English law. The security created pursuant to the Deed of Charge will become

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
 
enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor have entered into a corporate services agreement 
with the Corporate Servicer (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Corporate Services 
Agreement"), pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain corporate and 
administrative services to the Guarantor 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Back-up Servicing Agreement 
On 5 August 2019, the Servicer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and Banca 
Finint entered into a back-up servicing agreement (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
“Back-up Servicing Agreement”) pursuant to which the Guarantor appointed Banca Finint, that accepted, as 
back-up servicer of the Programme (the “Back-up Servicer”). 
Governing law 
The Back-up Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Quotaholders' Agreement 
For a description of the Quotaholders' Agreement, see "The Guarantor".

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantor has no 
obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Issuer Default Notice 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, service by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders, as follows: 
• 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
• 
the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are periodically performed with the intention of 
ensuring that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds;  
• 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is periodically performed with the intention of ensuring that the 
Liquidity Reserve is in an amount equal to or greater than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity 
Outflow expected in the next following 180 days;  
• 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, for the purpose of testing the 
asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds;  
• 
a Reserve Fund Account will be established which will build up over time, in order to ensure that the 
Guarantor will have sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with 
respect to the Covered Bonds or the Liability Swap Agreements; and 
• 
the swap agreements may be entered into in order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other 
risks, in respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts when 
they become due for payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
See "Overview of the Programme Documents — Covered Bond Guarantee" above, as regards the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. See "Cashflows — Guarantee Priority of Payments" further, as regards the payment 
of amounts payable by the Guarantor to Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Compliance with the Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer must ensure that, on each Test 
Calculation Date prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests 
described below. If on any Test Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests, then the 
Seller will sell Eligible Assets to the Guarantor for an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the 
next following Calculation Date, in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan to be granted by the 
Issuer. 
Statutory Tests and Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
The Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. In order to ensure that the statutory tests provided 
for under Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and under the Bank of Italy 
Regulations (the "Statutory Tests") are satisfied and that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the 
Covered Bonds, the Seller must ensure that the three tests set out below are satisfied on a continuous basis. 
In order to ensure that the requirement provided for under Article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and under the Bank of Italy Regulations (the "Liquidity Reserve Requirement") is satisfied, 
the Seller must ensure that the requirement set out below is satisfied on a continuous basis. 
Nominal Value Test 
The outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool from time to time owned by the 
Guarantor (for the avoidance of doubts, this amount includes the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of 
the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account (in relation to the 
principal component only)) up to the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not 
been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments shall be at least equal to, or higher than, 
the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate principal notional amount of all Covered Bonds at the same time 
outstanding (the “Nominal Value Test”).  
In addition to the above, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Calculation Date that, in accordance 
with Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the overcollateralization of the Cover 
Pool complies with the Article 129 of the CRR. 
Net Present Value Test 
The Issuer and the Seller must ensure, and the Test Calculation Agent shall verify, on each Test Calculation 
Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, that the Net Present Value Test is met with respect 
to the Cover Pool. 
The Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net Present 
Value of the Euro Equivalent amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds (the “NPV Test”) where: 
“Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool” means on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of:  
(i) 
the product of 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor 
under or in respect of the Eligible Cover Pool (it being understood that such future principal and 
interest payments in respect of any Residential Mortgage Loan for which the LTV exceeds the 
percentage limit set forth under article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR will be considered 
up to an amount that, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential 
Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit); plus  
(ii) 
the product of 
(a) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(b) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of any 
Eligible Swap Agreement; minus 
(iii) 
the product of 
(1) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
 
(2) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to any Eligible Swap Agreement, in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments, as well as, pursuant to article 7-undecies of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, all other operational costs to be sustained by the 
Guarantor including perspective the maintenance and the management costs due in case of 
liquidation of the Programme (as detailed in the Monthly Servicer’s Report); plus 
(iv) 
any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Receivables and not yet 
applied under the relevant Priority of Payments;  
“Net Present Value of the Covered Bonds” means on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected 
principal and interest payments due in respect of the Euro Equivalent amount of the outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme;  
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Test 
Calculation Agent on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on each other 
day on which the relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement and 
the other Programme Documents, as the case may be. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best 
market practice and calculation based on market instruments. 
 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the interest 
payments scheduled to be due in respect of all the Outstanding Principal balance of all the Covered Bonds 
(the “Interest Coverage Test”), where: 
“Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Test Calculation Date, an amount equal to the positive difference between:  
(i) 
the sum of  
(A) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of 
the Eligible Cover Pool in each and all respective Calculation Periods (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible Investments of 
principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover Pool in each 
and all respective Calculation Periods and it being understood that the interest payments 
expected to be received in respect of any Residential Mortgage Loan for which the LTV exceed 
the percentage limit set forth under article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR, will be 
considered up to an amount that, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that 
Residential Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit) and any amount of 
interest accrued on the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor 
Payments Account and any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Collection 
Account, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account in each and all 
respective Calculation Periods; 
(B) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under any Eligible Swap Agreement 
prior to or on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(C) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under any Eligible Swap 
Agreements; and

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered Bonds, and 
including payments under any Eligible Swap Agreement on each and all respective Guarantor Payment 
Dates.  
 
Asset Coverage Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests, starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, 
the Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Test Calculation Date until 
the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount (as 
defined below) is at least equal to the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Covered Bonds (the “Asset Coverage Test”). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, “Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C + D -Y- H - Z 
where 
“A” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Residential Mortgage Loan in the 
Eligible Cover Pool as at any given date, calculated as the lower of:  
1. 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan in the Eligible 
Cover Pool as at the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
2. 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M 
(where M is equal to (a) 80 per cent for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In 
Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are more than 
90 days In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) zero for all Defaulted 
Receivables),  
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of 
the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period: 
(A) 
a Residential Mortgage Loan or any security relating thereto was, during the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the representations and warranties contained in the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or 
otherwise cured such breach, to the extent required by the terms of the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement (any such Residential Mortgage Loan an “Affected Loan”). In this event, the aggregate 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); and/or 
(B) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or the Servicer 
was, in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing 
Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Residential 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the resulting 
financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation Period in 
respect of such Residential Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the Test 
Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (A) above and to be set off 
against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller and/or the Servicer to 
indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a “Breach Related Loss”); 
AND 
(ii)  
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Residential Mortgage Loan shall be 
calculated as the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Residential 
Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, and (2) the 
Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N (where N is 
equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are less up to 90 days In Arrears or 
not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent for Residential Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 days In Arrears but 
are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) zero for all Defaulted Receivables), 
 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), 
calculated as described in item (i)(A) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as 
described in item (i)(B) above,  
the result of which multiplied by the Asset Percentage. 
It being understood that in the event the Issuer chooses not to apply such other percentage figure of the 
Asset Percentage lower than 88 per cent (as defined under item (b) of the relevant definition), this will not 
result in a breach of the Asset Coverage Test. 
For the purpose of the computation of the item A above, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Residential 
Mortgage Loans shall include the Outstanding Principal Balance with reference to the relevant Valuation Date 
(excluded) of any New Portfolio sold after the end of the Collection Period and prior to the relevant Test 
Calculation Date (or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), to the extent that a Series of Covered 
Bonds has been issued or is to be issued during the same period of time and all the steps required under the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement for the purposes of the purchase of the New Portfolio by the Guarantor 
having been taken and the relevant notice of assignment having been published in the Official Gazette and 
registered in the companies' register before the relevant Issue Date. 
“B” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Reserve 
Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account as at the end of the immediately preceding Calculation 
Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up to a maximum 
nominal amount which cannot exceed, taking into account “C” below, the thresholds set out under article

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
 
129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR as at such date; 
“C” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Investments as the end of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication with the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accounts under “B” above) and up to a maximum nominal amount which cannot exceed, taking into account 
“B” above, the thresholds set out under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR as at such date; 
"D" stands for the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Assets other than Residential 
Mortgage Loans. 
“Y” is equal to the Potential Set-Off Amount ; 
“H” is equal to the aggregate amount of the principal instalment of each Residential Mortgage Loan which 
have been deferred in accordance with a Payment Holiday, as long as the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan 
has a Payment Holiday; 
“Z” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all 
Covered Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor. 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on any 
other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement or under other Programme Documents, as the case may be, the lower of (a) 88 per cent. and (b) 
such lower percentage figure determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the 
Rating Agency’s methodologies (after procuring the level of overcollateralization in order to comply with the 
Asset Coverage Test following such change), notified using the pro-forma notice attached under Schedule 1 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement to the Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Servicer, 
the Rating Agency, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and published in 
the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset Percentage.  
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Residential Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of 
its interest and/or principal instalments in accordance with (i) the application of moratoria provisions from 
time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations and national 
consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the agreement reached 
by the Servicer and the Debtors. 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Calculation Date that the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is met 
with respect to the Eligible Cover Pool. 
The Liquidity Reserve Requirement will be considered met if the Liquidity Reserve is in an amount equal to or 
greater than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflows expected in the next following 180 days. 
The “Liquidity Reserve” will be equal to the amount of Eligible Assets comprised in the Eligible Cover Pool 
which are in compliance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
including the Reserve Fund Amount. 
The result of the verification of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement will be set out in each Test Performance 
Report to be prepared and delivered by the Test Calculation Agent. 
Should the result from any Test Performance Report show that the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is breached, 
then the Seller shall transfer to the Guarantor New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in order to cure such excess 
or alternatively, the Seller may repurchase Eligible Assets other than Liquidity Assets.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation Test 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor 
Default Notice), the Cover Pool contains sufficient assets to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Amortisation Test will be considered met if, on the relevant Test 
Calculation Date, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the Euro 
Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the 
relevant Test Calculation Date. If the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is less than the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds, then the Amortisation Test will be deemed to be breached and 
if such breach is not remedied by the Seller (or failing which, the Issuer) in accordance with Clause 4.3 (Grace 
Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement during the applicable Test Grace 
Period, a Guarantor Default Notice will be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Guarantor causing the acceleration of the Covered Bonds and a demand for enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. The Test Calculation Agent, whilst Covered Bonds are outstanding, will immediately notify the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any breach of the Amortisation Test. Following a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Guarantor will be required to make payments in accordance with the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments. 
The "Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" will be calculated on each Test Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, as follows: 
A + B + C – Z 
where, 
"A" 
stands for the aggregate "Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" of each Residential Mortgage Loan in 
the Cover Pool as at the relevant Calculation Date, which shall be the lower of: 
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Residential Mortgage Loan as calculated on the 
last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period multiplied by M and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan multiplied by M, 
where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent, for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are up to three months In 
Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are more than three 
months In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) 70 per cent for all Defaulted 
Receivables, 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period: 
(I) 
a Residential Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, an Affected Loan. In 
this event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will 
be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant 
Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period) multiplied

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
 
by M (where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent, for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are up to three 
months In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are more 
than three months In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) 70 per cent for all Defaulted 
Receivables; and/or 
(II) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material representation and 
warranty under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding 
Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the 
immediately preceding Collection Period in respect of such Residential Mortgage Loan (such financial 
loss to be calculated by the Test Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (I) 
above and to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller 
and/or the Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); 
"B" 
stands for the aggregate of principal amount standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the 
Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account and the principal amount of any Eligible 
Investment at the end of the preceding Collection Period; 
"C" 
stands for the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the 
Eligible Cover Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period which have not been 
provisioned as at the relevant Calculation Date to acquire further New Portfolio or otherwise 
provisioned in accordance with the Programme Documents; and 
"Z" 
stands for the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) then 
outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds 
multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor. 
Reserve Fund Account 
The Reserve Fund Account is held in the name of the Guarantor for the purpose of setting aside, on each 
Guarantor Payment Date, the relevant Reserve Fund Amount. Such Reserve Fund Amount will be determined 
on each Calculation Date in an amount sufficient to ensure that, in the event that a payment is required to the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor would have sufficient funds set aside and 
readily available to pay (A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a 
Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of the amount due to the Liability 
Swap Provider or the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Liability Swap Agreements 
are not in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due the 
Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a portion of a Series 
of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the portion of the Series covered 
by the Liability Swap Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider and the amount 
due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest amounts 
accruing will be the proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series) as calculated by the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date 
following the relevant Calculation Date in respect of the items (First)(a) to (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments, as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; plus (C) any additional 
amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order to create an additional stock 
to procure that the Statutory Tests are met with respect to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under "Credit Structure", until an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make payments 
when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any corresponding payment from the 
Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and distribution of amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders of priority, the "Priority of 
Payments") (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer 
Event of Default (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) following a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Interest Available Funds" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts 
(excluding the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account) during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(d) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(e) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and any principal payments under the Swap 
Agreements; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(g) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account; and 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available 
Funds and other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Programme Documents; and 
(i) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
 
"Principal Available Funds" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement;  
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets;  
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately preceding 
Collection Date; 
(f) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(g) 
any swap principal payable under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts;  
(h) 
any amount paid under the Term Loan and not repaid standing to the credit of the Collection Account; 
(i) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; and 
(j) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, Interest Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions (the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments") (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
First, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of 
the Guarantor (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have been 
insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an amount as will 
bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(b) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(c) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Issuer 
Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Back-up Servicer and the Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
(d) 
Fourth, to pay or to make provisions for (as the case may be) any amounts due and payable to any 
Swap Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where 
the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider has become a Sole 
Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event (as defined in the Liability 
Swap Agreement) or the Guarantor has become the Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of an 
Additional Termination Event in respect of the occurrence of any change in law of Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law pursuant to Part 1(h)(ii) of the Liability Swap Agreement) other than the swap 
principal; 
(e) 
Fifth, to transfer to the Reserve Fund Account the relevant Reserve Fund Amount; 
(f) 
Sixth, to allocate to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the amounts, if any, allocated on 
the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date and on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
 
pursuant to item First of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, net of any 
amount already allocated under this item Sixth on any previous Guarantor Payment Date; 
(g) 
Seventh, to pay any Base Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement provided that the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement are satisfied on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(h) 
Eighth, to pay or to make provisions for (as the case may be) any payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor to any Swap Provider not paid under item Fourth above; and 
(i) 
Ninth, to pay any Premium Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, provided that the Statutory Test and the Asset Coverage Test are satisfied on such 
Guarantor Payment Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Guarantor shall, if necessary, make the payments set out under items First, 
paragraph (a), above also during each Interest Period and (ii) any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be 
paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and 
not under the Priority of Payments 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, all Principal Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions (the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments") (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of provisions of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
First, to pay any amount due and payable under items First to Fifth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not sufficient to make 
the payments in full on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(b) 
Second, to acquire Eligible Asset (other than those funded through the proceeds of the Subordinated 
Loan); 
(c) 
Third, to pay or to make provisions for (as the case may be) any swap principal due to any Swap 
Provider; 
(d) 
Fourth, to repay the Subordinated Loan advanced by the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, provided that the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are complied with 
(after such payment) and the Subordinated Lender has requested the repayment of the Subordinated 
Loan pursuant to clause 6.5.1 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement; and 
(e) 
Fifth, to the extent that the Subordinated Lender has not received amounts as repayment of the 
Subordinated Loan under item Fourth above, to deposit, pursuant to clause 6.5.2 of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, the relevant amounts in the Collection Account. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be paid to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty directly pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement and not 
under the Priority of Payments. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date after the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied at the 
direction of the Guarantor in making the following payments or provisions in the following order of priority

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
 
(in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(a) 
First, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of 
the Guarantor owed to third parties (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account have been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an 
amount as will bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(b) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(c) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the 
Cash Manager, the Back-up Servicer and the Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
(d) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amounts, 
other than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the 
period commencing on (and including) such Guarantor Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date (the "Guarantor Payment Period") (i) to any Swap 
Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where the 
relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider has become a Sole 
Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event (as defined in the Liability 
Swap Agreement) or the Guarantor has become the Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of an 
Additional Termination Event in respect of the occurrence of any change in law of Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law pursuant to Part 1(h)(ii) of the Liability Swap Agreement); and (ii) on the Covered 
Bonds; 
(e) 
Fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amounts in 
respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Period (i) to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due 
and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the 
relevant Swap Provider has become a Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade 
Termination Event (as defined in the Liability Swap Agreement or the Guarantor has become the Sole 
Affected Party following the occurrence of an Additional Termination Event in respect of the 
occurrence of any change in law of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law pursuant to Part 1(h)(ii) of the 
Liability Swap Agreement); and (ii) on the Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
Sixth, to deposit in the Reserve Fund Account any cash balances until the Covered Bonds have been 
repaid in full or sufficient amounts have been accumulated to pay outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(g) 
Seventh, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to the Swap Providers not 
paid under item Fourth or Fifth above; 
(h) 
Eighth, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to the 
extent not already paid or payable under other items above; 
(i) 
Ninth, to pay any principal due and payable to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; and 
(j) 
Tenth, to pay any Base Interest and Premium Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Guarantor shall, if necessary, make the payments set out under items First,

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
 
paragraph (a), above also during each Interest Period and (ii) any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be 
paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and 
not under the Priority of Payments. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor Available Funds will be applied in the following order of priority (in each case only if 
and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor owed to third parties (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account have been insufficient to pay such amounts); 
(b) 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the remuneration due to any 
Receiver and any proper costs and expenses incurred by it; 
(c) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, the Cash Manager and the Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
(d) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) any amounts 
due and payable to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap 
Provider has become a Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event 
(as defined in the Liability Swap Agreement) or the Guarantor has become the Sole Affected Party 
following the occurrence of an Additional Termination Event in respect of the occurrence of any 
change in law of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law pursuant to Part 1(h)(ii) of the Liability Swap 
Agreement); and (ii) any interest and any Outstanding Principal Amount due under all outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
Fifth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any Swap Provider not 
paid under item Fourth above; 
(f) 
Sixth, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to the 
extent not already paid or payable under other items above; 
(g) 
Seventh, to pay any amount outstanding payable to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is comprised of (i) the Portfolio, which is in turn comprised of Residential Mortgage Loans and 
related collateral assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement and (ii) any other Eligible Assets held by the Guarantor. 
The Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio acquired by the Guarantor (the "Portfolio"), consists of Residential 
Mortgage Loans sold by any the Seller to the Guarantor from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement, as more fully described under "Overview of the Programme Documents — 
Master Loans Purchase Agreements". 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the 
Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible Assets, 
which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions 
of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of Loans and their Related Security and the transfer of any other Eligible Asset to the Guarantor will 
be subject to various conditions (the "Eligibility Criteria") being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date (except 
as otherwise indicated). The Eligibility Criteria with respect to each asset type will vary from time to time but 
will at all times include criteria so that Italian law requirements are met. 
In accordance with Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the following assets (attivi 
idonei or "Eligible Assets") are considered eligible: 
(a) 
the assets compliant with paragraph 1, Article 129 of the CRR, provided that the Issuer is compliant 
with the requirements set forth under paragraphs from 1-bis to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR; and 
(b) 
the liquidity assets provided for under Article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
Eligibility Criteria for Residential Mortgage Loans 
Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreements, the Seller and the Guarantor have agreed the following 
common criteria (the “Common Criteria”) (see "Overview of the Programme Documents — Master Loans 
Purchase Agreements" above) that will be applied in selecting the Residential Mortgage Loans that will be 
transferred thereunder to the Guarantor: 
Receivables arising from loans: 
 
which are residential mortgage receivables (i) in respect of which the relevant principal amount 
outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured 
by the same property, does not exceed 80% of the value of the property, according to Article 129 of the 
CRR, or (ii) in case of a loan guaranteed by mortgage on more than one property, among which at least 
one is a residential property, in respect of which the relevant principal amount outstanding added to 
the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, 
does not exceed 80% of the value of the residential property;  
 
in relation to which the consolidation period applicable to the relevant mortgage has ended and the 
relevant mortgage is not subject to appeal pursuant to Article 166 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency 
Code and, where applicable, Article 39, paragraph 4, of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993;

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
 
 
which have been drawn or purchased by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.; 
 
which are governed by Italian law; 
 
which are performing and in relation to which no instalments outstanding for more than 29 days from 
the due payment date subsist; 
 
which do not include any clauses limiting the possibility for Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. to assign 
the receivables arising thereunder or providing the debtor’s consent for such assignment, Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. has obtained such consent; 
 
in respect of which the debtor has paid at least one instalment (also considering an interest instalment 
only); 
 
which provide for all payments on behalf of the debtor to be made in Euro; 
 
which have been fully disbursed; 
 
which have been granted to: (A) an individual ((B) a legal person (excluding public sector entities, local 
authorities and central administrations and central banks); or (C) more individuals or legal persons 
jointly; 
 
which bear a floating interest rate (including a floating interest rate with a cap) (determined from time 
to time by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.) or a fixed or mixed or optional interest rate 
 
which are secured by a first lien, or any following lien, mortgage.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY 
The following is a general description of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law (as defined below) and 
other legislation that may be relevant to investors in assessing the Covered Bonds, including recent 
legislation affecting the rights of mortgage borrowers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of the 
legislation described below or of the other considerations relating to the Covered Bonds arising from Italian 
laws and regulations. Furthermore, this overview is based on Italian Legislation as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. This description will not 
be updated to reflect changes in laws. Accordingly, prospective Covered Bondholders should consult their 
own advisers as to the risks arising from Italian legislations that may affect any assessment by them of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law 
The legal and regulatory framework with respect to the issue of covered bonds in Italy comprises the 
following: 
 
Title 1-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
"Securitisation and Covered Bond Law"); and 
 
Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 
2013), as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"). 
Legislative decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the "Decree 190/2021") transposed into the Italian legal 
framework Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing 
regulations of the Title I-bis of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended, in accordance with article 
3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 
February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. Such 
amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, (i) the criteria for the assessment of the 
eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts 
with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for 
establishing new issuance programmes and the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance 
programmes already existing as of 30 March 2023; (iv) the possibility for banks having a rating 
corresponding at least to credit quality step 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging 
purposes.  
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did not 
exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower the 
threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations – as amended pursuant to the 42nd amendment, among other things, regulate: 
 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue covered bonds and 
the ability of issuing banks to manage risks; 
 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a group, may 
transfer as cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools;

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
 
 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits;  
 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond transactions and the 
provision of information relating to the transaction;  
 
the publication of periodical information concerning the issuance programmes in order to enable 
investors to conduct an informed assessment of the cover bond programmes and the related risks;  
 
the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already existing as of 30 
March 2023;  
 
the request for the authorization of the Bank of Italy for the establishment of new issuance 
programmes; and 
 
the requirements for applying for the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label. 
On 22 February 2022 Bank of Italy issued the 38th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing the possibility 
for the Bank of Italy to impose a systemic risk buffer (SyRB), pursuant to Article 133 of the CRD V, consisting 
of CET1, with the aim of preventing and mitigating macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered 
by the macro-prudential tools provided by the CRR, the countercyclical capital buffer an the capital buffers 
for G-SIIs or O-SIIs. The amendment adapts the rules concerning capital buffers and capital conservation 
measures with CRD V and implement the EBA's guidance on the appropriate subsets of sectoral exposures for 
the application of the SyRB in accordance with Article 133(5)(f) of CRD V. In addition to the above, the 38th 
amendment also granted the power to the Bank of Italy of adopting one or more prudential measures based 
on customer and loan characteristics (so-called borrower-based measures), requiring banks to apply them 
when granting new financing in any form. Those measures can be applied to all loans or differentiated on the 
basis of the characteristics of customers and loans. More specifically, in the presence of high vulnerabilities 
of the financial system, which may give rise to systemic risks, the Bank of Italy may adopt one or more 
borrower-based measures that are – in line with the ESRB guidelines – appropriate and sufficient to prevent or 
mitigate the identified risks, considering, if possible, also any cross-border effect arising from their 
application and paying due attention to the principle of proportionality. On 29 September 2022 EBA 
amended, with Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12, 2014 Guidelines on the specification and disclosure of systemic 
importance, updating indicators data used for the identification of global systemically important institutions 
(G-SIIs), increasing the transparency in the G-SIIs identification process and ensuring a continued level 
playing field with respect to disclosure requirements between global systemically important institutions (G-
SIIs) and other large institutions with an overall leverage ratio exposure measure of more than EUR 200 billion 
at the end of each year. EBA/GL/2022/12 applies from 16 January 2023. On 21 December 2022, the Bank of 
Italy issued the 41st amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing said Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12. With 
the same amendment, the Bank of Italy implemented also the EBA Guidelines of 12 October 2022 
(EBA/GL/2022/13), amending the EBA Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and foreborne exposures 
(EBA/GL/2018/10). On 18 March 2022, the EBA published revised “Guidelines for Common Procedures and 
Methodologies for the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and Prudential Stress Tests”, which 
provide a common framework for supervision in assessing risks to banks' business models, solvency and 
liquidity, as well as for conducting prudential stress tests. The guidelines will apply as of 1 January 2023. On 
30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing the new 
European framework (i.e. Directive EU 2019/2162, Covered Bond Directive, and Regulation EU 2019/2160, 
Covered Bond Regulation), which introduces a supervisory regime on covered bond programmes which will be 
applicable to new covered bond issuance programs only. In case of new issuances – i.e. made after the 
effective date of the 42th amendment – in the framework of pre-existing programs, the banks shall 
guarantee the compliance with the new regulatory framework.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
 
On 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing the new 
European framework (i.e. Directive EU 2019/2162, Covered Bond Directive, and Regulation EU 2019/2160, 
Covered Bond Regulation), which introduces a supervisory regime on covered bond programmes which will be 
applicable to new covered bond issuance programs only. In case of new issuances – i.e. made after the 
effective date of the 42th amendment – in the framework of pre-existing programs, the banks shall guarantee 
the compliance with the new regulatory framework. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Article 7-sexies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law with respect to the 
issue of covered bonds may be summarised as follows: 
• 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets (i.e. the cover pool) to Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law special purpose vehicle (the "SPV"); 
• 
the bank grants the SPV a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment by the SPV of the purchase 
price due for the cover pool; 
• 
the bank issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee issued by the SPV for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the 
hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. The Guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool held by 
the SPV. 
Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law however also allows for structures which contemplate 
different entities acting respectively as cover pool provider, subordinated loan provider and covered bonds 
issuer. 
The SPV 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and 
applying to covered bonds many provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian 
securitisations. Accordingly, as is the case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian 
securitisation transactions, the SPV is required to be established with an exclusive corporate object that, in 
the case of covered bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the person giving 
guarantees in the context of covered bond transactions. 
The guarantee 
Article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law provides that the guarantee issued by the 
SPV for the benefit of the bondholders must be irrevocable, first demand, unconditional and independent 
from the obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the 
issuer in respect of its payment obligations under the covered bonds, the SPV must provide for the payment 
of the amounts due under the covered bonds, in accordance with their original terms and with limited 
recourse to the amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. The acceleration of the issuer’s payment 
obligations under the covered bonds will not therefore result in a corresponding acceleration of the SPV’s 
payment obligations under the guarantee (thereby preserving the maturity profile of the covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, the SPV will be solely responsible for the payment obligations of the issuer 
owed to the covered bond holders, in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse to the 
amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. In addition, the SPV will be exclusively entitled to exercise 
the rights of the covered bond holders vis à vis the issuer's bankruptcy in accordance with the applicable 
bankruptcy law. Any amount recovered by the SPV from the bankruptcy of the issuer become part of the cover

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
 
pool. 
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer's payments, the SPV will fulfil the issuer's payment 
obligations, with respect to amounts which are due and payable and with limited recourse to the cover pool. 
The SPV will then have recourse against the issuer for any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-octies provides that the assets comprised in the cover pool and the amounts paid by the debtor with 
respect to the receivables and/or debt securities included in the cover pool are exclusively designated and 
segregated by law for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging counterparties 
involved in the transaction. 
In addition, Article 7-octies expressly provides that the claim for reimbursement of the loan granted to the 
SPV to fund the purchase of assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the rights of the covered bond holders 
and of the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Article 7-octies provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment by the 
SPV of the purchase price due for the cover pool are exempt from the bankruptcy claw-back provisions set 
out in Article 166 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the SPV may not be subject to any 
claw-back action according to Article 164 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
The issuing bank 
The Bank of Italy Regulations sets forth for detailed provisions with respect to covered bonds related, inter 
alia, to the eligible assets (including rules on the coverage requirements and the liquidity requirement) and 
the internal measures to be adopted by the issuing bank to govern and manage potential risks deriving from 
the participation in covered bond programs. 
 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under Article 
7-novies, see "Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria". 
Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond outstanding amount. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law provides that the cover pool provider and the issuer must 
continually ensure that, throughout the transaction: 
• 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount of the relevant 
outstanding covered bonds; 
• 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the SPV, including in 
relation to hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net present value of the relevant outstanding 
covered bonds; 
• 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by 
the SPV) are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer with respect to the relevant 
outstanding covered bonds, taking into account any hedging agreements entered into in connection 
with the transaction.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
 
In respect of the above, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are imposed on 
banks for the monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee on the cover pool. Such 
activities must be carried out both by the relevant bank and by an asset monitor, to be appointed by the 
bank, which is an independent accounting firm. The asset monitor must prepare and deliver to the issuing 
bank's s board of auditors, on an annual basis, a report detailing its monitoring activity and the relevant 
findings. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at least 
every 6 months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors of banks 
must comprehensively review every 12-months the monitoring activity carried out with respect to each 
covered bond transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the evaluations supplied by the asset 
monitor. 
In addition to the above, pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the management body of the 
issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management verify at least every 
six months and for each transaction completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to 
investors pursuant to art. 129, paragraph 7, of the CRR. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the Bank of Italy 
Regulations require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be bound by appropriate 
contractual undertakings to communicate to the issuing bank, the cover pool provider and the entity acting 
as servicer in relation to the cover pool assets all the necessary information with respect to the cover pool 
assets and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that, following the initial 
transfer to the cover pool, the eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or 
supplemented in order to ensure that the requirements described under "Ratio between cover pool value and 
covered bond outstanding amount", or the higher over-collateralisation provided for under the relevant 
covered bond transaction documents, are satisfied at all times during the transaction. 
The eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or supplemented by means of: 
• 
the transfer of further assets (eligible to be included in the cover pool in accordance with the criteria 
described above); 
• 
the establishment of deposits held with banks ("Qualified Banks") which have their registered office in 
a member state of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland or in a state for which a 0 per cent. 
risk weight is applicable in accordance with the prudential regulations' standardised approach; and 
• 
the transfer of debt securities, having a residual life of less than one year, issued by the Qualified 
Banks. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, however, provide that the assets 
described in the last two paragraphs above, cannot exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal value of the 
cover pool. This 15 per cent. limitation must be satisfied throughout the transaction and, accordingly, the 
substitution of cover pool assets may also be carried out in order to ensure that the composition of the assets 
comprised in the cover pool continues to comply with the relevant threshold. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations clarify that the limitations to the overall amount of eligible assets that may be 
transferred to cover pools described under "The Issuing Bank" above do not apply to the subsequent transfer 
of supplemental assets for the purposes described under this paragraph.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
 
Taxation 
Article 7-viciester of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, provides that any tax is due as if the granting 
of the subordinated loan and the transfer of the cover pool had not taken place and as if the assets 
constituting the cover pool were registered as on-balance sheet assets of the cover pool provider, provided 
that: 
• 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book value of 
the assets constituting the cover pool; and 
• 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds will be 
entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance receivables for the purpose of 
tax deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance with Article 106 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the main tax consequences of the purchase, the 
ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Covered Bonds. They apply to a holder of Covered Bonds 
only if such holder purchases its Covered Bonds in this offering. It is a general overview that does not apply 
to certain categories of investors and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds. It does 
not discuss every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a holder of Covered Bonds if such holder is 
subject to special circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian 
concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on 
a retroactive basis. 
The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have 
retroactive effect. Accordingly, investors should consider this aspect before investing. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident 
for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of the 
Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds, 
including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Italian Taxation 
Tax treatment of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other 
income from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest). The provisions of 
Decree No. 239 only apply to Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or 
titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 
917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (Decree No. 917). Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 
No. 917, for securities to qualify as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds), they must 
(i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay at maturity an amount not less than that therein indicated, 
with or without the payment of periodic interest, and (ii) attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to 
control or participate in the management of the Issuer or to the business in connection to which the 
securities were issued, nor to control the same.  
Italian Resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is:  
a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected 
(unless he has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under “Capital gains tax” 
below);

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
 
b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, and trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,  
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a 
withholding tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the 
Covered Bondholder described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant Interest 
must be included in their relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest will be subject to 
ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the taxation on 
income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Covered 
Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian 
law. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, and the 
Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Covered Bonds will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva. It must, however, be included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s income tax 
return and is therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, also to IRAP (the regional tax on productive activities 
(IRAP)).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law 
No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of Interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to 
Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, or pursuant to 
Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate SICAFs (together, the Real Estate 
Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate 
Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in 
favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF or a SICAV 
("Società di investimento a capitale variabile") established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the 
SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the Fund), and the relevant 
Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of 
the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will 
apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax).

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with 
an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at 
the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds may 
be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(so-called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, stockbrokers and other qualified 
entities, identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance, which are resident in Italy (“Intermediaries” and each 
an “Intermediary”) or by permanent establishments in Italy of banks or intermediaries resident outside Italy or 
by organizations or companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralized administration of 
securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance (which includes 
Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239. 
For the purposes of applying imposta sostitutiva, Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries are required to act in connection with the collection of Interest or, in the transfer or 
disposal of the Covered Bonds, including in their capacity as transferees. For the purpose of the application of 
the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or 
without consideration, which results in a change in ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change in 
the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the 
Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder  
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that 
the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is:  
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree 
of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) 
of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List); or  
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
 a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included in the 
White List. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected must be the beneficial 
owners of the payments of Interest and must:

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity 
or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and  
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, 
a statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, 
in which the Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international 
bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Covered Bondholders 
who do not qualify for the exemption. 
Covered Bondholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or 
partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant Covered Bondholder. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
The Italian tax authorities have never expressed their view on the Italian tax regime applicable to payments 
on Covered Bonds made by an Italian resident guarantor in a ruling available to the public. Accordingly, there 
can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments 
than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not support such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an 
Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities 
equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be subject to an advance withholding tax 
at a rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Presidential Decree of 1 April 1973, No. 600, as subsequently amended. 
Also in the case of payments to non-Italian resident, a final withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax.  
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be 
treated as a payment by the Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous 
paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 
of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate 
of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of 
periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the 
issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax, on Interest relating to the Covered Bonds 
qualifying as atypical securities if such Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, (d) an Italian commercial 
partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional 
withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax 
rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of 
the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds 
are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale 
or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per 
cent. The Covered Bondholders may set off any losses with their gains.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below: 
a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all 
capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the Italian resident individual Covered 
Bondholder holding the Covered Bonds. In this instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not 
connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Covered Bonds 
carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax 
year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva 
on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of 
capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax 
years.  
b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Covered Bondholder holding 
the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, resident partnerships not 
carrying out commercial activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
 
exclusively commercial activities may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and  
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by 
the relevant Covered Bondholder.  
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each 
sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount 
from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered 
Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, any possible capital loss 
resulting from a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of the Covered Bonds may be deducted 
from capital gains subsequently realized, within the same securities management, in the same tax year 
or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered 
Bondholders are not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
c) 
In the "risparmio gestito" regime, any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the 
Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, resident partnerships not carrying 
out commercial activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the 
Covered Bonds) to an authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per 
cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at the year-end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Covered Bondholders are not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian 
law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will neither be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Covered Bondholders; 
the Collective Investment Fund Tax will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain 
categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, 
to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in 
the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds 
traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided that 
the non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder, in certain cases, file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Covered Bondholder is not resident 
in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds not 
traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary 
is:  
(a) 
resident in a State included in the White List; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included in 
the White List. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the 
sale or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets 
are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, Covered Bondholder may 
benefit from an applicable tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the resident tax country of the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including the Covered Bonds or other securities) as a result of death or 
donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject 
to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
 
value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set 
forth by Italian law. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200.00 registration tax as follows: (i) 
public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration only in “case of use” (caso d’uso), in case of “explicit reference” (enunciazione) or in case of 
voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (Decree No. 
642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which 
may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bonds which may 
be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal 
value or redemption amount of the Covered Bonds held. The stamp duty cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 if the 
Covered Bondholder is not an individual. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor 
the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client - regardless of the fiscal 
residence of the investor - (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as 
subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, 
financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended and supplemented, 
individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in 
accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Covered Bonds 
outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. The wealth tax 
cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 for taxpayers different from individuals. In this case the abovementioned 
stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid 
in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the abovementioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax 
purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income 
tax the amount of investments (including the Covered Bonds) directly or indirectly held abroad. The 
requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through 
the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of income derived 
from the Covered Bonds have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign 
investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed 
a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies 
in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as 
Covered Bonds, such withholding tax would not apply prior the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Covered 
Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration 
of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT is Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT 
could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States.  
Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may 
be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, Dealers are set out in the Programme Agreement entered into, on 22 July 2014, between, inter 
alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer(s). Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the 
Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series which may from time to time be agreed between 
the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued 
and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and 
indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The 
Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Selling restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the IDD), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Member State except that it may, make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer or distribution of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, (ii) the expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression “an offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to 
any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds, (ii). the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of 
America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds an offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise that in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 
1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
The United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or 
any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds and that such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all 
as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
The Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds except in conformity with the 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, implementing measures in Ireland and 
the provisions of the Companies Acts 2014 of Ireland and every other enactment that is to be read 
together with any of those Acts; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Sondrio which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will comply with the 
then applicable laws and regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not knowingly offer to sell such Covered 
Bonds to an Irish resident, or to persons whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and that it will not 
knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with such 
Covered Bonds. In addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing system recognised for this purpose 
by the Revenue Commissioners) and have a minimum denomination of £300,000 or its equivalent at 
the date of issuance; 
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Sondrio which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a minimum 
denomination of €500,000 or US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bond which are denominated in a 
currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 (such amount 
to be determined by reference to the relevant rate of exchange at the date of first publication of this 
Programme). In addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing system recognised for this purpose 
by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received by it in 
connection with the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to whom the document may 
otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on;

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
 
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of S.I. No. 60 of 2007, the European 
Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998, with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Covered Bonds or 
operating in, or otherwise involving, Ireland is acting under and within the terms of an authorisation to 
do so for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the 
European Union of 21 April 2004 and it has complied with any applicable codes of conduct or practice 
made pursuant to implementing measures in respect of the foregoing Directive in any relevant 
jurisdiction;  
(f) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance with the 
provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2013 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made 
thereunder; and 
(g) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance with the 
provisions of the Market Abuse (Directive 2003/6/EC) Regulations 2005 (as amended) and any rules 
issued under the Irish Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of Germany in 
compliance with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any 
other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any 
Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “PD Regulation”) and Article 35, para. 1, lett. d), of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as recalled by Article 34-ter, para. 1, lett. b), of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the PD Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time, 
provided that, in any case, the offer or sale of the notes in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all 
relevant Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm (impresa di investimento), bank or financial intermediary permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 and the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Act”), as 
amended from time to time, and any other applicable law and regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, in relation to certain reporting

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
 
obligations to the Bank of Italy on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy; and 
(c) 
in accordance with all applicable Italian laws and regulations, including all relevant Italian securities 
and tax laws and regulations and any limitations as may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered 
Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that 
it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, 
the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered 
Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at 
their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in its capacity as competent 
authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has 
been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The CSSF may, at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another Member State of the 
European Economic Area: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval attesting that this 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the management board of the 
Issuer dated 21 December 2023 and a resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor dated 19 July 
2023. The giving of the Covered Bond Guarantee has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the board of 
directors of the Guarantor dated 23 May 2014 and 16 July 2014.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Except for the proceedings described under paragraph “Legal and arbitration proceedings” in pages 170-171 
of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may 
have, or have had during the 12-months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer, its respective Subsidiaries or the Guarantor. 
Trend Information  
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BPS and the BPS 
Group.  
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor. 
No Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio and the Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group since 30 June 2023.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of POPSO Covered 
Bond S.r.l. since 31 December 2022. 
Minimum Denomination 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such 
Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
 
issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Documents on Display 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available (in English translation, where necessary) free of charge during 
usual business hours on any weekday (except for Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) for inspection at 
the registered office of the Issuer. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English 
translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(i) 
the Programme Documents, of which only the Covered Bond Guarantee is available at 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/files/BPS%20CB%20-
%20Covered%20Bond%20Guarantee_Collated%20Copy_.pdf; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof; 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2023; 
(v) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements and the 
relevant independent auditor’s reports as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2021;  
(vi) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements of the Issuer 
at 31 December 2022; 
(vii) 
the Issuer’s consolidated non-financial report as at 31 December 2022; 
(viii) 
the Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2021; 
(ix) 
the Guarantor’s Audit report in respect of Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year 
ended on 31 December 2021; 
(x) 
the Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2022;  
(xi) 
the Guarantor’s Audit report in respect of Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year 
ended on 31 December 2022; 
(xii) 
Press release “The SREP requirements of BPS for 2024. Bank’s capital ratios well above new targets” 
published on 1 December 2023; 
(xiii) 
Press release “DBRS Morningstar upgrades Banca Popolare di Sondrio’s trend from 'stable' to 'positive' 
due to strong financial fundamentals” published on 13 November 2023; 
(xiv) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio largely exceeds MREL 2024 requirements” published 
on 8 November 2023; 
(xv) 
Press release headed “Board of Directors' meeting of 7 November 2023: consolidated Interim 
Management Statements as at 30 September 2023 approved” published on 7 November 2023;

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
 
(xvi) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio successfully places new 500 million euro Covered 
Bond issue for institutional investors” published on 17 October 2023; 
(xvii) 
Press release headed “BPS successfully places new 500 million euro Senior Preferred Green issue for 
institutional investors” published on 19 September 2023; 
(xviii) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2023 ECB/SSM stress test confirm 
the Group’s capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario” published on 28 July 
2023; 
(xix) 
Press release headed “Fitch Ratings confirms all ratings of Banca Popolare di Sondrio” published on 6 
July 2023; 
(xx) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(xxi) 
a copy of the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and the rules of the organisation of the 
covered bondholder set out under base prospectus approved on 1 August 2023; 
(xxii) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds, which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and any future offering circulars, 
prospectuses, and supplements to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference. In the case of any Covered Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the 
relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders, at least for ten years, at the 
Specified Office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, and at the following website: 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-relations/financial-operations and under the following area of the 
Issuer’s website: “Home > Investor relations » Financial operations » Covered Bonds”. 
Independent auditors  
On 29 April 2017 EY S.p.A. were appointed auditors of the Issuer for the years ending December 31, 2017 
through December 31, 2025. EY S.p.A. are regulated by MEF and registered in the register held by MEF at no. 
70945. EY S.p.A. is also a member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditing firms. The offices of EY 
S.p.A. are located at Via Meravigli 12, 20123, Milan, Italy. 
EY S.p.A. audited and rendered an unmodified audit report on the consolidated and non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. 
On 28 April 2023, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor extended the appointment of EY S.p.A. as auditors 
of the Guarantor for the period 2023 – 2025 to perform the audit of the financial statements of the Guarantor 
for the years ending 31 December 2025. 
EY S.p.A. audited and rendered an unmodified audit report on the financial statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, corporate 
finance, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph 
the term “affiliates” includes also the relevant parent companies of the Dealers.  
Material Contracts 
Save for the Programme Documents described under section “Overview of the Programme Document” of this 
Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into 
any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be 
reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear and 
Clearstream. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation 
to the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant 
Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Websites 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the websites has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch in its capacity as account bank, or any such other 
depositary institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Account Bank to the Guarantor, 
the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Account Bank Report Date” means the date falling on 5th Business Day of each month.  
"Account Mandates" means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to each of the 
Accounts, given in accordance with clause 4 (Account Mandates) of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund 
Account, the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap Collateral Securities Account and any other account 
opened from time to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 (Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Affected Receivables" has the meaning ascribe to such term under clause 8.1 (Pagamento dell'Indennizzo) of 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Agents" means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Corporate Servicer.  
"Amortisation Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation Date 
following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the principal amount of the 
issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date. 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Arrangers" means BNP Paribas and Banca Finint. 
"Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolutions pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 Event 
has been revoked. 
“Asset Coverage Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 2.6 of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the date hereof 
between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer. 
"Asset Monitor" means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor pursuant to the engagement 
letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the date hereof and the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Asset Monitor to the Guarantor,

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Issuer in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on any 
other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement or under other Programme Documents, as the case may be, the lower of (a) 88 per cent and (b) 
such lower percentage figure determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the 
Rating Agency’s methodologies (after procuring the level of overcollateralization in order to comply with the 
Asset Coverage Test following such change), notified using the pro-forma notice attached under Schedule 1 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement to the Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Servicer, 
the Rating Agency, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and published in 
the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset Percentage.  
"Asset Swap Agreements" means any asset swap agreement that may be entered into between the Guarantor 
and a counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement. 
"Asset Swap Provider" means the counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement that may be entered into.  
“Attività Finanziarie Deteriorate” means any Receivable which has been classified as "attività finanziarie 
deteriorate" pursuant to the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 of 30 July 2008 containing the "Matrice dei 
Conti", as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Authorised Signatory" means, in relation to the Seller or any other person, any person who is duly authorised 
and in respect of whom the Guarantor has received a certificate signed by a director or another Authorised 
Signatory of the Seller or such other person setting out the name and signature of such person and 
confirming such person's authority to act.  
"Availability Period" means the period starting on date of the signing of the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and ending on the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have 
been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the respective Final Terms. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means Securitsation Services S.p.A. or any other entity which may be appointed by the 
Guarantor, with the approval by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, pursuant to Clause 7 (Back-
Up Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
“Back-up Servicing Agreement” means the back-up servicing agreement entered into, inter alios, by the 
Guarantor and the Back-up Servicer on 5 August 2019 and any other back-up servicing agreement which may 
be entered into by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means the regulations relating to covered bonds 
contained in Part III, Chapter 3 of “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 
2013), as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
“Base Interest” means the interest payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender in accordance with 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Beneficiaries” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Covered Bond Guarantee 
“BNP Paribas” means BNP Paribas. 
"BPS" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
"Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time), containing the regulations of the “Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” 
(Codice della Crisi d’Impresa e dell’Insolvenza).

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
 
"Business Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Transfer System (T2) 
(or any successor thereto) is open. 
"Calculation Date" means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on 
the second Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Calculation Period" means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) the first day of the 
month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month until such time the relevant 
breach of Test has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement). 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, management and 
payments agreement, entered into on or about the date hereof between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent and the Account Bank. 
"Cash Manager" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., acting as cash manager pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding Mortgages) 
granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment and/or repayment of any 
amounts due under the relevant Mortgages Loan Agreement. 
“Collection Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, IBAN IT 54 L 03479 01600 000800951300, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December of each year.  
"Collection Period" means each quarterly period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of 
January, April, July and October of each year and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of March, 
June, September and December and, in the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (and including) 
the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and including) the last day of September 2014 (included). 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables comprised 
in the Cover Pool. 
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in schedule 2 (Criteri Comuni per la selezione ed identificazione 
dei Crediti) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a clause of them. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about 30 May 
2014, between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer will 
provide certain administration services to the Guarantor. 
"Covered Bonds" means any and all the covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to be issued

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
 
by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Programme Agreement. 
"Covered Bond Guarantee" means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer's Creditors, in accordance with 
the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be redeemed 
on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of Covered 
Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond 
Instalment Date, the date falling seven Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment Date. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders of each Series of Covered Bonds.  
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets held by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Cover Pool Management Agreement" means the cover pool management agreement entered into on or about 
the date hereof between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Test Calculation Agent, the 
Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
“Cover Pool Manager” means the entity (if any) that may be appointed from time to time as manager of the 
Cover Pool pursuant to the provisions of the Transaction Documents and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time.  
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of the 
Receivables attached as schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Dealer(s)" means BNP Paribas and any other entity which may be nominated as such by the Issuer upon 
execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 (Form of Dealer Accession 
Letter) to the Programme Agreement. 
"Debtor" means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a Residential 
Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the payment or repayment of 
amounts due in respect of a Residential Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, inter alia, of having granted any 
Collateral Security or having assumed the borrower's obligation pursuant to a Residential Mortgage Loan 
Agreement under an accollo, or otherwise. 
"Decree 239" means Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996. 
"Decree 461" means the Legislative Decree number 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended from time to 
time. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge entered into between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors) in order to charge the rights arising under the Swap Agreements. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into, on or about the date hereof, between, 
inter alios, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
 
Bondholders and of the Other Creditors). 
"Defaulted Receivable" means any Receivables which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or 
which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Delinquent Loan" means any Residential Mortgage Loan in relation to which there are 1 (one) or more 
Delinquent Receivables. 
"Delinquent Receivable means any Receivable in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more Instalments due 
and not paid by the relevant Debtor for more than 30 days and which has not been classified as Defaulted 
Receivable. 
"Determination Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Drawdown Date" means the date on which a Term Loan is advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
during the Availability Period. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the 
earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or 
Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Terms and Conditions. 
"Eligible Assets" means the assets contemplated under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law. 
“Eligible Cover Pool” means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets (including any sum standing to the credit 
of the Accounts) included in the Cover Pool provided that (i) any Defaulted Receivable and those Eligible 
Assets for which a breach of the representations and warranties granted under each Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied will not be considered for the purpose of the calculation 
and (ii) any Residential Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the Latest Valuation exceed 
the percentage limit set forth under article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the CRR, will be calculated up to an 
amount of principal which - taking into account the market value of the relevant Real Estate Asset - allows 
the compliance with such percentage limit. 
"Eligible Institution" means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of the 
European Union or United Kingdom or of the United States (to the extent that United States are a country for 
which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – 
standardised approach), (i) whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
are rated at least "F1" by Fitch and (ii) whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least “A" by Fitch or any other lower rating that do not affect the current rating of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds, provided however that any such bank qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” 
pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in the European union and (b) the exposure 
vis-à-vis such bank has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, in which case it may qualify for 
the “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments (including 
without limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) which: 
a) 
are denominated in Euro; 
b) 
have a maturity not exceeding the next following Eligible Investment Maturity Date or which are

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
 
repayable on demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty; 
c) 
(except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other financial 
instruments (i) rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of the 
next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if 
the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 
calendar days; or 
d) 
in the case of a deposits, to the extent that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible Institution at its 
branch located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the relevant maturity is up to the 
earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days or (ii) any depository 
institution located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if 
the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 
calendar days, 
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of Covered 
Bond and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially 
invested amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do not consist, in whole or 
in part, actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may any amount available to the 
Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of 
their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit 
quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the 
European union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it may qualify for “credit quality 
step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment Maturity Date" means the third Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Eligible Swap Agreement” means any Swap Agreement which meets the requirements of article 7-decies of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from time to time 
pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
“Euro Equivalent” means has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
"Euronext Securities Milan" means Euronext Securities Milan, having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari, 
6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
"Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari aderenti) in 
accordance with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law Consolidated Act. 
"Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date between the Issuer and Euronext Securities Milan. 
"European Economic Area" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union which adopt 
the Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Receivables" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Test Calculation Date, those

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
 
Receivables the aggregate Outstanding Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of which the 
Portfolios comprised in the Cover Pool are in excess (as nominal value, interest coverage and net present 
value) of any Eligible Assets necessary to satisfy all Tests on the relevant Test Calculation Date; minus (ii) the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal of those Receivables indicated by the Servicer as Affected Receivables 
pursuant to the provisions of clause 8.1 (Payment of Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third party 
creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer's Creditors and the Other Creditors) arising in 
connection with the Programme, and required to be paid (as determined in accordance with the Corporate 
Services Agreement) in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to comply with applicable laws 
and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Expenses Account Bank, IBAN IT 12 V 01030 61621 000001331796, or such other substitute account as may 
be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Expenses Account Bank" means Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. in its capacity of account bank for the 
Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account or any such other depositary institution as may be 
appointed pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Expiry Date" means the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their 
terms and conditions. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of Covered 
Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption payments in relation to a specific Series 
of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Maturity Date in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling seven 
Business Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms contained in 
the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, 
the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue Date of the applicable 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Final Maturity Date" means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in full or 
cancelled. 
"Financial Law Consolidated Act" means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended from 
time to time. 
“First Guarantor Payment Date” means 22 October 2014. 
"First Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Service and Markets Act 2000.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
 
"Further Criteria" means the criteria identified in accordance with clause 2.4.3 (Criteri Ulteriori) of the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered 
Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable to the 
Covered Bondholders under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer) and (ii) the Other Issuer Creditors 
pursuant to the relevant Programme Documents.  
"Guaranteed Obligations" means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Amounts. 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available Funds 
shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, but prior 
to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor" means POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
"Guarantor Available Funds" means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal Available 
Funds. 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. acting as guarantor calculation 
agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement.  
"Guarantor Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" means any of the following events or circumstances:  
(i) 
Non-payment: following delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any interest 
and/or principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee and such breach is not remedied 
within the next following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, in 
case of amounts of principal or redemptiont, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of any obligation under the Programme Documents by the 
Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations referred to in letter (i) above) which is not remedied 
within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to 
the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice (provided that, in case the 
Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has not delivered an Article 74 event Cure Notice), the Amortisation Test is breached and is not 
remedied within the Test Grace Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full force and effect or 
it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect. 
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch acting in its capacity as guarantor paying agent, 
or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Guarantor Payments Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor and held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 08 N 03479 01600 000800951302 or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
 
Agreement. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on the 
22nd day of January, April, July and October of each year or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day and the First Guarantor Payment Date will be 22 October 2014; and (b) following the 
delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the 
relevant Final Terms and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor Payment Period" means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting and Accounting Standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standard Board (IASB). 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Residential Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and 
payable by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive Business 
Days. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means, with respect to each Receivable transferred pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreements: (i) the Ultimo Valore di Iscrizione in Bilancio (as defined under the Master Definitions 
Agreement) of the relevant Receivable minus all principal and interest collections (with respect only to the 
amounts of interest which constitute the Ultimo Valore di Iscrizione in Bilancio ) received by the Seller with 
respect to the relevant Receivables from the date of the most recent financial statements of the Seller up to 
the relevant Transfer Date (included) and increased of the amount of interest accrued and not yet collected on 
such Receivables during the same period; or, at the option of the Seller (ii) such other value, as indicated by 
the Seller in the Transfer Notice, as will allow the Seller to consider each duty or tax due as if the relevant 
Receivables had not been transferred for the purpose of for the purpose of article 7-viciester of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law .  
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the 
Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 31 May 2014, at 24.00 a.m. 
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as defined in 
the Consolidated Banking Act; and 
(B) 
in respect of any company, entity, or corporation other than the Issuer, that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable procedure of judicial 
liquidation, liquidation, administrative compulsory liquidation, any insolvency proceedings 
pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time (including, inter alia and by way of 
example, pursuant to and for the purposes of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), 
instrument or measure for the regulation of crisis and insolvency (including, without limitation, 
and merely by way of example, the "concordato preventivo", “piano di ristrutturazione soggetto a 
omologazione”, “accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti”, as well as the “piano attestato di 
risanamento” pursuant to the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), insolvency and/or 
restructuring procedures or procedures or similar instruments/measures pursuant to the 
legislation applicable from time to time (including, but not limited to, application for liquidation, 
restructuring, dissolution procedures, access to any of the measures set forth in the Business

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
 
Crisis and Insolvency Code) or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a 
similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the 
Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the 
advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement (and/or access to) of any of the proceedings under (i) 
above is made in respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are 
otherwise initiated against such company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal 
adviser selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good 
faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of 
its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme 
Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its 
indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of 
payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 
2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except 
in any such case a winding-up, corporate reorganization or other proceeding for the purposes of 
or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been 
previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business.  
"Insolvency Official" means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency procedure which 
may be opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment or consists 
of an Interest Instalment only. 
"Insurance Companies" means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
“Insurance Mediation Directive” means Directive 2016/97/EC, as amended. 
"Insurance Policies" means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in relation to each 
Real Estate Asset and each Residential Mortgage Loan. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the date hereof 
between the Guarantor and the Other Creditors. 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of:  
(a) 
interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts 
(excluding the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account) during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(d) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(e) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and any principal payments under the Swap 
Agreements; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(g) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account; and 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available 
Funds and other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Programme Documents; and 
(i) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest Coverage Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the 
previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case).  
"Investors Report Date" means 2 Business Day after each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or 
prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Servicer, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Issuer Paying Agent, 
setting out certain information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Issuer" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
"Issuer Downgrading Event" means with reference to the Potential Set-Off Amount, the Issuer being 
downgraded below “BBB-” or “F3” by the Rating Agency. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means any of the following events and circumstances: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and payable on any 
Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and such breach is not remedied within 
the next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of 
principal or redemption, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of any obligation under or in respect of the 
Covered Bond (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Programme Documents to which it is 
a party occurs which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) above occurs in respect of any other 
Series of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in 
respect of the Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business; or 
(vii) 
Breach of the Statutory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test: any of the Statutory Tests and/or the 
Asset Coverage Test are breached and are not remedied within the Test Grace Period. 
"Issuer Paying Agent" means BPS, acting in its capacity as issuer paying agent, or any such other institution as 
may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset the most recent valuation of the 
relevant property performed in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s “Regulations for supervision of banks” 
(Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as from time to time amended). 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, demands, 
expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including legal fees and any taxes 
and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect 
of any sum referred in this definition. 
"Liability Swap Agreements" means the swap agreements entered into on or about each Issue Date between 
the Guarantor and a Liability Swap Provider. 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a liability swap provider to the Guarantor pursuant to a 
Liability Swap Agreement. 
“Liquidity Reserve Requirement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.6 (Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"LTV" means, with respect to a Residential Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined as the ratio 
between the value of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan and the value of a Real Estate Asset as calculated 
in accordance with the applicable Prudential Regulations. 
“Luxembourg Listing Agent” means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor. 
"Margin" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Final Terms. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means means the master definitions agreement entered into on or about the 
date hereof between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the other parties to the Programme. 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into on 30 May 
2014 between the Guarantor and the Seller. 
"Maturity Date" means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered Bonds become 
due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the Extended Maturity Date. 
"Member State" means a member State of the European Union. 
"Monthly Collection Period" means each monthly period beginning on the first day of each month (included) 
and ending on the last day of each month (included), except that the first Monthly Collection Period shall 
commence on the Valuation Date (included) and end to 31st July 2014 (included). 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Servicer on each Monthly Servicer’s 
Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant Collection Period, 
prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer, inter alios, to the 
Guarantor and the Asset Monitor. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the tenth calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may be 
indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
“Monthly Test Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a 
breach of Test has occurred, the 19th day of the month immediately following the date of such Test 
Performance Report and, thereafter, the 19th day of each month until the end of the relevant Test Grace 
Period in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, 
the immediately following Business Day.  
"Mortgages" means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant to 
Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in favour of 
the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a Residential Mortgage 
Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
"Negative Carry Factor" means “0.5%” or such higher percentage procured by the Issuer on behalf of the 
Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to the Test Calculation Agent.  
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and interest 
payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover Pool, 
calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of 
Italy Regulations, it being understood that, when the Maturity Date of a Series may be extended to the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date, the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Series to be taken into account 
shall be based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
"Net Present Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present Value) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
 
"Net Present Value" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible Assets, which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Nominal Value" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value Test) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement.  
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Programme 
Documents. 
"Offer Date" means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) Business Days prior to each 
Transfer Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the Conditions. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, organised 
pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Other Creditors" means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Servicer, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Asset 
Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Provider, the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Back-up Servicer, the Cash 
Manager and any other creditors which may, from time to time, be identified as such in the context of the 
Programme.  
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying Agent, any Liability 
Swap Provider, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor which may from time to time be identified as 
such in the context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum of all (i) Principal 
Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due at such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, where 
applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of such Series 
or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II (Meetings of the Covered 
Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders, the principal amount of any 
Covered Bonds in such Series of (where applicable) all such Series held by, or by any Person for the 
benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means on any date, (i) in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset 
included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond or asset 
at such date, and (ii) in relation to the Covered Bonds, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of 
such Covered Bonds at such date as the case may be.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
 
“Parent Company” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. as parent company of the Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio Group.  
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Residential Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of 
its interest and/or principal instalments in accordance with (i) the application of moratoria provisions from 
time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations and national 
consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the agreement reached 
by the Servicer and the Debtors.  
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement on each Calculation Date. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Portfolio" means, in respect of each Seller, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolios which has 
been purchased and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Portfolio Manager" means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 (Portfolio Manager) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post Default Notice Report" means the report setting out all the payments to be made on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date under the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments which, following the occurrence of 
a Guarantor Event of Default and the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, shall be prepared and delivered 
by the Guarantor Calculation Agent in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement.  
"Potential Set-Off Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an 
amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an amount of 
the Cover Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit owed by any such 
Debtor towards the Seller. Such amount will be calculated by the Test Calculation Agent (based on the 
aggregate information provided by the Servicer) on a quarterly basis on each Test Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried 
out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement or any other Programme 
Documents.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder.  
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of:

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement;  
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal and any disinvestment of Eligible Assets;  
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately preceding 
Collection Date; 
(f) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(g) 
any principal payment payable under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts;  
(h) 
any amount paid under the Term Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the Collection 
Accounts; 
(i) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; and 
(j) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment. 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments and the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
"Privacy Law" means the Italian Legislative Decree number 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, 
modified or supplemented, together with any relevant implementing regulations as integrated from time to 
time by the Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali. 
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni bancarie 
garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between, 
inter alios, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Dealers. 
"Programme Amount" means €5,000,000,000. 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the 
Quotaholders' Agreement, the Conditions, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Master Definitions

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
 
Agreement, each Final Terms and any other agreement which will be entered into from time to time in 
connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Maturity Date" means the date falling 10 years after the First Issue Date. 
“Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
attached to the Conditions. 
"Prospectus" or “Base Prospectus” means the prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered 
Bonds and the establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from time to time.  
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time.  
“Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 
December 2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche) as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in Condition 7 (f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form set out in schedule 5 to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, or such other form which may, from time to time, be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Issuer Paying Agent or Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report" means the quarterly report delivered by the Servicer on each Quarterly Servicer’s 
Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant Collection 
Periods prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer to, inter alios, the 
Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Rating Agency. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the 13th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year or if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the date hereof, between BPS, 
SVM, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Quotaholders" means SVM and BPS. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Expenses Account Bank, IBAN IT 16 T 01030 61621 000001317709 for the deposit of the Quota Capital. 
"Rating Agency" means Fitch. 
"Real Estate Assets" means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure the 
Receivables and each of them the “Real Estate Asset”. 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Residential Mortgage Loans pursuant to the 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Residential Mortgage Loans as at the relevant 
Transfer Date; 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on the Residential 
Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Transfer Date;

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, costs, indemnities 
and damages and any other amount due to the Seller in relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans, the 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, including penalties and any other amount due to the Seller in 
the case of prepayments of the Residential Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance 
related thereto, including the rights in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other 
possible expenses incurred in connection with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in 
relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in respect of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to any liens 
(vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o garanzie 
personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the fidejussioni 
omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Residential 
Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee granted in favour of the Seller in connection with the 
Residential Mortgage Loans or the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
"Receiver" means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver appointed in accordance with clause 7 
(Appointment of Receiver) of the Deed of Charge. 
"Records" means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Recoveries" means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in accordance with the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Receivable and any Delinquent Receivable. 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its 
capacity as representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Conditions and the Final Terms of each 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Reserve Fund Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank IBAN IT 31 M 03479 01600 000800951301, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Reserve Fund Amount" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a Series 
of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of the amount due to the Liability 
Swap Provider or the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Liability Swap 
Agreements are not in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the 
amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place 
for a portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the 
portion of the Series covered by the Liability Swap Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the 
Liability Swap Provider and the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the 
remaining portion, the interest amounts accruing will be the proportional amount due the Covered 
Bondholders of such Series) as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to each 
Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount to be 
paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant Calculation Date in 
respect of the items (First)(a) to (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments,

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
 
as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; plus  
(ii) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order to 
create an additional stock to procure that theStatutory Tests and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement are 
met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
"Residential Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan" means the loans secured by residential mortgage meeting the requirements of 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law (as amended and supplemented from time to time). 
"Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any mortgage loan agreement out of which Receivables arise 
and secured by mortgage over Residential Assets Loans. 
"Resolution Event" means the starting of a resolution procedure vis-à-vis the Issuer pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015 and subject to the relevant implementing measures adopted by the competent 
resolution authority.  
“Retention Amount” means Euro 30.000. 
"Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" or "Rules" means the rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity 
and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the 
Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer 
Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, any Asset Swap Provider(s), 
any Liability Swap Provider(s), the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, together with any other entity 
acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Securities Account" means the account which will be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account 
Bank, upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets represented by bonds, debentures, 
notes or other financial instruments in book entry form in accordance with and subject to the conditions of 
the Cash, Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Securitisation and Covered Bond Law" means Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as amended from time to time. 
"Security Interest" means:  
(i) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest securing any 
obligation of any person; 
(ii) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or other account 
may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect discharge or any 
sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(iii) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
"Seller" means BPS pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
 
"Servicer" means BPS, in its capacity as servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca del mandato del 
Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate the Servicer's appointment and 
appoint a Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 between the Guarantor, 
the Issuer and the Servicer. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which at the relevant 
time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
"Specific Criteria" means (i) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the criteria listed in schedule 3 (Criteri 
Specifici in relazione al Portafoglio Iniziale) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; or (ii) with respect to 
each New Portfolio, the criteria listed in Annex A of the relevant Transfer Notice of the New Portfolio.  
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Office" means with respect to the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 
3, 20124 Milan, Italy, with respect to the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent and Issuer Paying Agent 
Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy, and with respect to the Guarantor Calculation Agent and Corporate 
Servicer Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Statutory Tests” means such tests provided for under Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law and namely: (i) the Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage 
Test, as further defined under Clause 2 (Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Test) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Stock Exchange" means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main regulated market, Bourse de Luxembourg. 
"Subordinated Lender" means BPS, in its capacity as such pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 
between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor. 
"Subscription Agreements" means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date of 
each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"Substitute Servicer" means the successor to the Servicer which may be appointed by the Guarantor, upon the 
occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 (Sostituto del Servicer) of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Swap Agreements" means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, Liability Swap Agreement and any other 
swap agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Programme Documents aimed at: (i) 
altering the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of the Swap Provider if compared to the position of 
the Covered Bondholders, (ii) changing a payment date under the Swap Agreement; (iii) providing a reduction 
or cancellation or increase in the payments due under the Swap Agreement; (iv) altering the currency for each

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
 
relevant payment under the Swap Agreement; (v) extending the termination date under the Swap Agreement 
and (vi) modifying this definition. 
"Swap Collateral" means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Providers to the Guarantor in 
support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap Collateral Securities 
Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral securities account and any other collateral 
account that may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with an account bank on which each 
Swap Collateral in the form of cash and/or securities and will be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Cash Account" means the Euro denominated collateral account established in the name of 
the Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 36 Q 03479 01600 000800951305, or such other substitute 
account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which may not be 
applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the relevant Swap 
Provider's obligations to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer including Swap Collateral which is to 
be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, No. 951301, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Providers" means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and the providers 
of any other swap agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“SVM” means SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.R.L. in its capacity as quataholder of the Guarantor. 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which the means the real time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem (T2) combining the functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those 
of a Central Liquidity Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023 is open. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-division thereof 
or any authority thereof or therein. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
"Test Calculation Agent" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., acting as test calculation agent or any other 
institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement.  
“Test Calculation Date” means the date which falls 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment 
Date or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Test Calculation 
Date will fall on October 2014. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the breach of a test is 
notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately following Test Calculation Date.  
“Test Performance Report” has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 4.1 (Test Performance Report) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Total Commitment" with respect to the Subordinated Lender, has the meaning ascribed to such term under

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Trade Date" means the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is priced. 
"Tranche" means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final Terms 
relates, each such tranche forming part of a Series. 
"Transfer Agreement" means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New Portfolio 
entered into in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Transfer Date" means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the date designated by the Seller in the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement; and (b) with respect to the New Portfolios, the date designated by the Seller in 
the relevant Transfer Notice. 
"Transfer Notice" means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be sent by the Seller 
and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in schedule 5 (Modello di proposta di cessione di Nuovi 
Portafogli) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
"Usury Law" means the Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 as amended from time to time together with Decree 
number 394 of 29 December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law number 24 of 28 February 2001 
as amended from time to time. 
"Value Added Tax" or "VAT" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in D.P.R. number 633 of 26 
October 1972. 
“Valuation Date” means (a) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the Initial Valuation Date and (b) with 
reference to New Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 30 May 
2014 between the Seller and the Guarantor.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
 
ISSUER, SERVICER and SELLER 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
Piazza Garibaldi, 16 
23100 Sondrio - Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) - Italy 
 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris - France 
 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) - Italy 
DEALER  
BNP Paribas 
 
10 Harewood Avenue 
London NW1 6AA 
United Kingdom 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) - Italy 
 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy,  
 L-1855, Luxembourg  
 
BACK-UP SERVICER 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) - Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Chiomenti  
Via Verdi, 4 
20121 Milan - Italy 
To the Arrangers and Dealer 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan - Italy 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To the Issuer/Guarantor 
 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
 
Italy