--- Page 1 ---
BANCO DI DESIO E DELLA BRIANZA S.P.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a “Società per Azioni” under the laws of the Republic of Italy and 
registered at the Companies' Registry of Milano-Monza e Brianza e Lodi under registration number 
01181770155) 
Euro 3,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments 
of interest and principal by  
DESIO OBG S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy and registered at the Companies' Registry 
of Treviso – Belluno under registration number 04864650264) 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have the meaning 
given to them in the section entitled "Glossary". 
Under this Euro 3,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the "Programme"), Banco di Desio e della Brianza 
S.p.A. ("Banco Desio" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue obbligazioni bancarie garantite (the "Covered 
Bonds") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger and Dealer(s). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). Desio OBG 
S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") has guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
a guarantee (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") which is collateralised by a pool of assets (the "Cover Pool") made 
up of a portfolio of mortgages assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller and certain other assets held by the 
Guarantor, including funds generated by the portfolio and such assets, pursuant to Title 1-bis of Italian law 
No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended from time to time (the “Securitisation and Covered Bond Law”) and 
regulated by the supervisory guidelines of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended and supplemented from time 
to time (the “Bank of Italy Regulations”). Recourse against the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is 
limited to the Cover Pool.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended 
from time to time) and includes any relevant implementing measure in a relevant Member State of the European 
Economic Area. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as Irish competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Covered 
Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”), or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, the 
“MiFID II”) and the Regulation (EU) 2014/600 (as amended, the “MiFIR”). 
Application has also been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 (twelve) 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
(EU) 2014/65, as amended and supplemented from time to time. By approving this Base Prospectus, in 
accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Central Bank of Ireland does not engage in respect 
of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See the section entitled 
"Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain risks and other factors to be considered in 
connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form and will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners by 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. – Euronext Securities Milan whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, 
Italy, ("Euronext Securities Milan") for the account of the relevant Euronext Securities Milan account holders. 
Euronext Securities Milan will also act as depository for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg ("Clearstream"). The Covered Bonds 
issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book-entries in accordance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended and supplemented and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in 
the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form.  
Each Series or Tranche may, on or after the relevant issue, be assigned a rating specified in the relevant Final 
Terms by any rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance 
of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant 
time provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds. Whether or not each credit rating applied for 
in relation to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as amended from time to time (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation; and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(the 
“ESMA”) 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) 
is obliged to maintain on its website, https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies, a list of 
credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated independently of any other.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche may mature on the date mentioned in the applicable Final Terms 
(each a “Maturity Date”). Before the relevant Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be 
subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances (as set out in the 
Conditions (as defined below)).  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in 
this Base Prospectus. 
Interest amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
The language of the base prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
 
Arranger and Dealer for 
the Programme 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 25 July 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, such information is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the sections headed 
“The Guarantor”, “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds – 1.(c) Covered Bond Guarantee” and any other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, 
such information is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
document incorporated herein by reference (see section “Information incorporated by reference”). Full 
information on the Issuer and any Series of Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of 
the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this Base Prospectus 
in which they are used. For the ease of reading this Base Prospectus, the “Glossary” below indicates the meaning 
of each capitalised term used in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Arranger and Dealer (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information with regard to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the Programme 
and the issue and offering of Covered Bonds thereunder; that the information contained herein is accurate in 
all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are honestly 
held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer, the omission 
of which would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any statement therein or opinions or intentions 
expressed therein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding markets 
and market share of the Issuer or the Desio Group are either derived from, or are based on, internal data or 
publicly available data from external sources. In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been 
extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. No person has been 
authorised by the Issuer to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer or any party to the 
Transaction Documents (as defined in the Conditions).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its approval date and it and any supplement hereto 
as well as any Final Terms filed within these twelve months reflects the status as of their respective dates of 
issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the 
information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of 
issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer since such date or that

--- Page 5 ---
5 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Arranger and the Dealer to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new Base Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete 
and has further agreed with the Arranger and the Dealer to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is noted 
between the time when this Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds on a regulated market begins, in respect of Covered Bonds issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with exception of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any document 
incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated 
herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none 
of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in 
any of these documents. 
The Arranger and the Dealer have not verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealer or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect 
to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealer that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. 
Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. None of the Dealer or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Desio Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealer or the Arranger. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and 
the Arranger and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see section 
“Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered 
Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) constitutes an 
offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer 
or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall 
be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful 
to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start 
of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the Unites States of 
America; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom; reference to “Japanese 
Yen” is to the currency of Japan; reference to “Swiss Franc” or “CHF” are to the currency of the Swiss 
Confederation; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless 
otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of 
such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arranger 
or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series under the Programme, the Arranger and Dealer which is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the “Stabilising Manager”) or any person acting for the 
Stabilising Manager may over-allot any such Series or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price such Series at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there 
may be no obligation on the Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to do this and there 
is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the Covered 
Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Series and 60 days after the date of the allotment of any such Series. Such 
stabilising shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive (EU) 2014/65 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended 
or superseded, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds, or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA, has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds

--- Page 7 ---
7 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds, or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK, has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme as from the date of this Base Prospectus, are intended to be 
eligible to the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label to be published by the Bank of Italy. However, no 
representation is made or assurance given that any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be and 
will remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity. Whether the 
Covered Bonds are intended to benefit, benefit or do not benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" 
label will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

--- Page 8 ---
8 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's financial 
position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking 
statements. Such forward- looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to 
be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding 
the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the 
future. Important factors that could cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the 
section entitled "Risk Factors". These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus or as at such earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be given. Subject to any 
continuing disclosure obligation under applicable law (including, without limitation, the obligation to prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation), the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard thereto or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
CONTENTS 
 
 
Page
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ....................................................................................................................... 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................ 28 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................... 59 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS ............................................................... 105 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 128 
USE OF PROCEEDS..................................................................................................................................... 140 
BANCO DESIO AS ISSUER AND SELLER ........................................................................................................ 141 
THE GUARANTOR ..................................................................................................................................... 159 
THE ASSET MONITOR ................................................................................................................................ 162 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ......................................................................................... 163 
CREDIT STRUCTURE .................................................................................................................................. 177 
CASHFLOWS ............................................................................................................................................. 186 
ACCOUNTS ............................................................................................................................................... 191 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL ........................................................................................................... 193 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY ...................................................................... 195 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................ 200 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................................... 208 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 214 
GLOSSARY ................................................................................................................................................ 217

--- Page 10 ---
10 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes a general description of the structure relating to the Programme. The following section 
does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same 
meaning in this section. 
Structure Diagram  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PARTIES 
Issuer 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., a company limited by shares 
incorporated under the laws of Italy, whose registered office is at 
Desio (MB), via Rovagnati No. 1, Italy, Fiscal Code and enrolment with 
the Companies’ Register of Milano-Monza e Brianza e Lodi under 
No. 01181770155, with fully paid-up share capital of Euro 
70,692,590.28, member of the Fondo Iterbancario di Tutela dei 
Depositi and of the Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia, enrolled in the 
register of the banks held by the Bank of Italy under ABI code No. 
3440/5 and parent company of the Banking Group Banco di Desio e 
della Brianza, enrolled in the register of Banking Groups under No. 
3440/5. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”) 
81560026D234790EB288 
Guarantor 
Desio OBG S.r.l., a limited liability company incorporated under the 
Banco Desio 
(Issuer) 
 
SWAP Provider(s) 
DESIO OBG Srl 
(Guarantor) 
Covered  
Bondholders 
Asset  
Monitor 
Banco Desio 
(Seller) 
Purchase Price 
and Repayment 
of Subordinated 
Loan
Transfer of 
Assets and 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Representative 
of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Covered Bonds (Series) 
Proceeds 
Guarantee 
Oversight

--- Page 11 ---
11 
laws of Italy, whose registered office is at Conegliano (TV), via V. 
Alfieri No. 1, Italy, Fiscal Code and enrolment with the Companies' 
Register of Treviso – Belluno under No. 04864650264 VAT Group 
“Gruppo IVA BANCO DESIO” - VAT number 10537880964, and part 
of the Banco di Desio e della Brianza group, enrolled under No. 3440 
in the register held by the Bank of Italy in accordance with article 64 
of the Consolidated Banking Act, with quota capital of Euro 10,000, 
fully paid up.  
Guarantor’s LEI 
81560029A817A3152836 
Seller 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A.  
Subordinated Loan Provider 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
France, whose registered office is at 16 Boulevard des Italiens 75009 
Paris, registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Paris 
(Registre du commerce et des sociétés de Paris) under number 662 
042 449, licensed as a credit institution in France by the Autorité de 
Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (“BNP Paribas”). 
Dealer(s) 
BNP Paribas, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
France, whose registered office is at 16 Boulevard des Italiens 75009 
Paris, registered with the Trade and Companies Registry of Paris 
(Registre du commerce et des sociétés de Paris) under number 662 
042 449, licensed as a credit institution in France by the Autorité de 
Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, and any other dealer appointed 
from time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement, 
which appointment may be for a specific Series of Covered Bonds 
issued or on an ongoing basis. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. a 
società per azioni, incorporated under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy, having its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of € 71,817,500.00 fully paid-
up, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of 
Treviso-Belluno number 04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA 
FININT S.P.A.” – VAT number 04977190265, enrolled under number 
50 in the register of Financial Intermediaries (albo degli intermediari 
finanziari) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 106 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act, belonging to the banking group known 
as “Gruppo Banca Finanziaria Internazionale”, registered with the 
register of the banking group held by the Bank of Italy, will act as 
Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
Test Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement, Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. will be appointed 
as Test Calculation Agent.  
Guarantor Paying Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Bank, Milan Branch (“CA-CIB”) will act as Guarantor Paying Agent. 
Issuer Paying Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. will act 
as Issuer Paying Agent. 
Master Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement, Banco di 
Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. will act as Master Servicer.  
Back-up Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Back-up Servicing Agreement Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. will act as Back-up Servicer.  
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., as Representative of the 
Covered 
Bondholders. 
The 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders will act as such pursuant to the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Mandate Agreement, the Programme Agreement, 
the Conditions and the Deed of Charge. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will be 
appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by the 
Issuer and the Asset Monitor Agreement. The initial Asset Monitor is 
BDO Italia S.p.A.. 
Asset Swap Providers 
means any counterparty under any Asset Swap Agreement that may 
be entered into. 
Liability Swap Providers 
means any entity acting as a liability swap provider to the Guarantor 
pursuant to a Liability Swap Agreement. 
Account Bank 
CA-CIB will act as Account Bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation 
Management and Payments Agreement.  
Cash Manager 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. 
Corporate Servicer 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a company incorporated 
under the laws of Italy, will be appointed as Corporate Servicer 
pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Stichting Corporate Servicer 
Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited, a private limited 
liability company incorporated under the laws of England, having its 
registered office at Third Floor, 1 King’s Arms Yard, London EC2R 
7AF, England 
Back-Up Servicer Facilitator 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a company incorporated 
under the laws of Italy, will be appointed as Back-Up Servicer 
Facilitator pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement 
Listing Agent 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited will act as listing agent 
under the Programme.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
THE PROGRAMME 
Programme description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders, and guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Programme size 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any time 
outstanding will not exceed Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies to be calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement). The Issuer may however increase the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form or in any 
other form as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds 
issued in dematerialised form are held on behalf of their ultimate 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Euronext 
Securities Milan for the account of Euronext Securities Milan account 
holders. Euronext Securities Milan will act as depository for Euroclear 
and Clearstream. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form 
will at all times be in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds 
will be evidenced by book entries, in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998 and with the Rules governing central depositories, settlement 
services, guarantee systems and related management companies 
(adopted by the Bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018) as subsequently 
amended. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of 
the Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form.  
Denomination of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 
(or where the relevant Tranche is denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency).  
Status of the Covered Bonds 
 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among 
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up, liquidation, 
dissolution or declaration of insolvency (liquidazione coatta

--- Page 14 ---
14 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the 
Covered Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their 
behalf in accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law.  
Rating 
Each Series or Tranche may, on or after the relevant issue, be 
assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited - Sede Secondaria Italiana (“Fitch”) and any 
other rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the 
remaining duration of the Programme or may be unrated as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time 
by any of the rating agencies.  
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory or central bank 
requirements, the Covered Bonds will be issued in such currency or 
currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will have such Maturity Date as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by any relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered Bonds 
will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds of such Series cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified 
instalments if applicable, or for taxation reasons or if it becomes 
unlawful for any Covered Bond to remain outstanding or following 
an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default) (b) that such 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
giving notice to the Covered Bondholders on a date or dates 
specified prior to the specified Maturity Date and at a price and on 
other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms and (c) that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Covered Bondholders, 
as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), letter (f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders) and in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Covered Bonds may 
be redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on 
such dates as indicated in the Final Terms. 
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued may indicate that the Guarantor's obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Final Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds 
on their Maturity Date may be deferred until the Extended Maturity 
Date. The deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date for such Series 
of Covered Bonds and if the Guarantor does not pay the final 
redemption amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds (for example, because the Guarantor has insufficient funds) 
by the Extension Determination Date. Interest will continue to accrue 
and be payable on the unpaid amount up to the Extended Maturity 
Date. If the duration of the Covered Bond is extended, the Extended 
Maturity Date shall be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Extended Instalment Date 
If a Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed in instalments, the 
applicable Final Terms may indicate that the Guarantor's obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount and all subsequently payable Covered Bond 
Instalment Amounts may be deferred as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms until their relevant Extended Instalment Dates. The deferral 
will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay a Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date and if the 
Guarantor does not pay such Covered Bond Instalment Amount (for 
example, because the Guarantor has insufficient funds) by the 
Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date. Interest will 
continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount up to the 
relevant Extended Instalment Date, which shall be the date indicated 
in the Final Terms. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when falling 
due no more than once. At such time, each subsequent but not yet 
due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is 
possible that a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred 
more than once but it may never be deferred to a date falling after 
the Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
Statutory Tests  
The Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are subject 
to the statutory tests provided for under Article 7-undecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, which are intended to ensure 
that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Accordingly, for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Seller and the Issuer must always ensure that the 
following tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date: 
the Nominal Value Test; 
the Net Present Value Test;  
the Interest Coverage Test;  
(“Statutory Tests”); and 
the Asset Coverage Test.  
Amortisation Test 
Further to the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that if, following an Issuer

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of a 
Guarantor Default Notice), the assets of the Guarantor available to 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee fall to a level 
where Covered Bondholders may not be repaid, a Guarantor Event of 
Default will occur and all obligations owing under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee may be accelerated. Under the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the Guarantor must ensure that, on each Calculation 
Date following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and 
the Guarantor but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the aggregate principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant 
Calculation Date.  
Liquidity Reserve Requirement  
The Liquidity Reserve Requirement is intended to ensure that the 
amount of Eligible Assets which are in compliance with Article 7-
duodecies, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
composing the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Cover 
Pool, including the Reserve Fund Amount (the “Liquidity Reserve”) is 
in an amount equal to or greater than the maximum cumulative Net 
Liquidity Outflows expected in the next following 180 days. Under 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test Calculation Agent 
shall verify on each Test Calculation Date that the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement is met with respect to the Eligible Cover Pool.  
Tests 
The Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test 
and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement are collectively referred to as 
“Tests”. For further details on the above, see "Credit Structure" 
below. 
Breach of the Statutory Tests 
and/or the Asset Coverage Test 
and/or the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement 
On each relevant Test Calculation Date, the Test Calculation Agent 
shall verify, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents, that the Statutory Tests, the Asset 
Coverage Test and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement are met. 
If, on any such Test Calculation Date, the Test Calculation Agent 
notifies, through the Test Performance Report, the Issuer, the Seller 
and the Guarantor that any Statutory Test and/or Asset Coverage 
Test and/or Liquidity Reserve Requirement and/or Amortisation Test 
(if applicable) is not met, then during the period starting on the date 
on which the breach is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and 
ending on the 1st (first) following Test Calculation Date (the "Test 
Grace Period"), the Guarantor (i) will purchase Eligible Assets, to be 
transferred by the Issuer in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure 
that as of the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test 
Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool or 
(ii) will take the other necessary actions with respect to the cure of 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement, in accordance with the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
If, after the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach 
has not been remedied during the applicable Test Grace Period, then 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will deliver, as the 
case may be: 
- 
an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or  
- 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, if an Issuer 
Default Notice has already been served (provided that, 
should such Issuer Default Notice consist of an Article 74 
Event, it has not served an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and 
the Amortisation Test is breached. 
The Issuer will not issue further Series of Covered Bonds following 
the breach of Tests which have not been cured or otherwise 
remedied and the provision of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement will apply. 
For further details, see sections headed “Credit Structure” and 
“Overview of the Transaction Documents - Cover Pool Management 
Agreement”. 
Asset Monitor 
Pursuant to an engagement letter the Issuer appointed the Asset 
Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information 
from 
the 
Issuer, 
specific 
monitoring 
activities 
concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set 
out under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR with 
respect to the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the 
compliance with the internal limits to the transfer of the Eligible 
Assets set out under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations; (iii) the 
calculation performed by the Test Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the compliance with the 
limits set out under Articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, with respect to the Covered 
Bonds issued and the Eligible Assets included in the Portfolios as 
determined in the Statutory Tests, in the Asset Coverage Test and in 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement; (iv) the effectiveness and 
adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement 
entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) the segregation of 
the Eligible Assets included in the Portfolio according to Article 7-
octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (vi) the correct 
application and notification of the extension of the maturity of the 
Covered Bonds issued as required by Article 7-terdecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (vii) the completeness, 
truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to 
investors pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
Furthermore, under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement 
entered into between the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Asset Monitor, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Asset Monitor has agreed with the Issuer and, upon 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, with the Guarantor, to verify, 
subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Test 
Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of 
the calculations performed by the Test Calculation Agent under the 
Statutory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Asset Coverage Test and 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement carried out pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement, with a view to confirming whether 
such calculations are accurate. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or discount to 
par on a fully-paid, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest 
Unless otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing. Interest (if any) 
will be calculated on the principal amount outstanding of the 
relevant Covered Bonds and may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating 
rate or other variable rate and the method of calculating interest may 
vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate of interest, a 
minimum rate of interest or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). Interest on Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Interest on 
Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate, which will 
be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such day count fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s),

--- Page 19 ---
19 
in each case, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without 
any tax deduction or withholding, unless a deduction or a 
withholding is required to be made pursuant to any applicable law. 
If a tax deduction or a withholding is required to be made, the 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be increased by an 
additional amount which (after making such tax deduction or 
withholding) leaves an amount equal to the payment which would 
have been due if no tax deduction had been required, subject to 
some exceptions including Decree 239 Deduction. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will not be liable 
to pay any additional amount to any Covered Bondholders in respect 
of the tax deduction or withholding to be made pursuant to any 
applicable law. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Transaction Documents, the Covered Bondholders will benefit from 
recourse on the Issuer and limited recourse on the Guarantor. The 
obligation of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall 
be limited recourse to the Available Funds. 
Issuer cross default 
Each Series of Covered Bonds will cross-accelerate as against each 
other but will not otherwise contain a cross default provision. 
Accordingly, neither an event of default in respect of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (including other debt securities of the 
Issuer) nor acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise 
to an Issuer Event of Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default 
will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default, 
provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, such Guarantor Default 
Notice will accelerate each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the 
basis that (i) they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer, or (ii) they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, each 
Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds, 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its 
legal representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each 
of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a signatory 
thereto. 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds (other than Covered Bonds issued in registered 
form) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection, thereof will be governed by Italian law. The Transaction 
Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection, thereof will be governed by Italian law, except for the 
Swap Agreements, and the Deed of Charge if any, relating to such 
swap agreements, which will be governed by English law. 
THE GUARANTOR AND THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Payments of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds 
when due for payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor to 
make payments in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts when due 
for payment are subject to the conditions that (i) an Issuer Event of 
Default has occurred and an Issuer Default Notice has been served 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if earlier, a Guarantor Event 
of Default has occurred and a Guarantor Default Notice has been 
served on the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor will 
accelerate once the Guarantor Default Notice mentioned above has 
been delivered to the Guarantor; or (ii) a Resolution Event has 
occurred unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds by the relevant payment date. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor collateralised by the Cover Pool and recourse against 
the Guarantor is limited to such assets, irrespective of any invalidity, 
irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations 
of the Issuer. 
Suspension of Payments 
If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the "Article 74 Event"), the 
Guarantor, in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the 
entire period in which the suspension continues (the "Suspension 
Period"). 
 
Following an Article 74 Event: 
 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that 
such event may be temporary; and 
 
(ii) 
in 
accordance 
with 
Article 
7-quaterdecies 
of 
the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the Guarantor shall be 
responsible for payment of the amounts due and payable 
under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period at 
their relevant due dates, provided that it shall be entitled to 
claim any such amounts from the Issuer. 
 
The Suspension Period shall end upon service by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Asset Monitor (the "Article 74 Event Cure Notice"), informing 
such parties that the Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again 
be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest 
and/or principal due and payable on any Series of Covered 
Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and such 
breach is not remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in 
case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days, in case of 
amounts of principal or redemption, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: a material breach by the Issuer 
of any obligation under or in respect of the Covered Bond (of 
any Series or Tranche outstanding) or under any of the 
Transaction Documents (other than any obligation pursuant 
to paragraph (i) (Non-payment) above or (vii) (Breach of 
Tests) below) to which it is a party occurs which is not 
remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) 
to (ii) above occurs in respect of any other Series of Covered 
Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the 
Issuer; or 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in respect of the 
Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its 
primary business (because of the loss of its banking licence 
or otherwise); or 
(vii) 
Breach of Tests: any of the Tests other than the Liquidity

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Reserve Requirement are breached and are not remedied 
within the Test Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor demanding 
payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and specifying, in case 
of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 
resolution) above, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary, 
unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice upon the Issuer and the 
Guarantor: 
(i) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not issue 
any further Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
a) 
interest and principal falling due on the Covered 
Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at the time 
and in the manner provided under the Conditions, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of 
Payments; 
b) 
the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement) shall be entitled to request from the 
Issuer an amount up to the Guaranteed Amounts and 
any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will 
be used to make payments in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Guarantee;  
c) 
if (i) the right of the Guarantor under letter (b) above 
is in any way challenged or revoked and (ii) a 
Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders 
has been passed pursuant to which the Covered 
Bonds will become immediately due and payable by 
the Issuer, at their Early Termination Amount 
together with accrued interest thereon the Guarantor 
will no longer be entitled to request from the Issuer 
the amount set out under letter (b) above; 
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor or any third party 
appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall sell the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Management Agreement, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under 
item (v) (Article 74 resolution) above, the effects listed in items (i) 
(No further Series of Covered Bonds), (ii) (Covered Bond Guarantee)

--- Page 23 ---
23 
and (iii) (Disposal of Assets) above will only apply for as long as the 
Suspension Period will be in force and effect. Accordingly (A) the 
Guarantor, in accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bonds 
Law, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and 
(B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: following the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any interest and/or 
principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and such breach is not remedied within the next following 15 
Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 
Business Days, in case of amounts of principal or 
redemptiont, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the 
Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach of any 
obligation under the Transaction Documents by the 
Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations referred to 
in letter (i) above) which is not remedied within 30 days after 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an 
Issuer Default Notice (provided that, in case the Issuer Event 
of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 
event Cure Notice), the Amortisation Test is breached and is 
not remedied within the Test Grace Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is not in full force and effect or it is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the 
case of the Guarantor Event of Default under letter (iii) (Breach of 
other obligation) above shall, if so directed by a Programme 
Resolution, serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall 
become immediately due and payable at their Early 
Termination Amount together, if appropriate, with any 
accrued interest and will rank pari passu among themselves 
in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments;

--- Page 24 ---
24 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with 
the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an 
amount equal to the Early Termination Amount, together 
with accrued interest and any other amount due under the 
Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under 
Condition 11(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer)) in accordance with 
the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of assets: the Guarantor or any third party 
appointed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall immediately sell all assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, at its discretion and without further notice subject to 
having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, 
take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may 
think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound 
to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested or 
authorised by a Programme Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Guarantor Available Funds 
Prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor will: 
- 
apply the Interest Available Funds to pay interest due on the 
Subordinated Loans, but only after payment of certain items 
ranking higher in the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments (including, but not limited to, the 
Reserve Fund Amount to be credited to the Reserve Fund 
Account). For further details of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments, see "Cashflows" below; 
and 
- 
apply the Principal Available Funds towards (subject to 
compliance with the Tests) repaying the Subordinated Loans 
but only after payment of certain items ranking higher in 
the relevant Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments. For further details of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments, see "Cashflows" 
below. 
Following the service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer 
Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will 
use all monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and payments to the Other Issuer Creditors and Other 
Creditors when due for payment subject to paying certain higher 
ranking obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee/Post-

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, 
the Seller will only be entitled to receive payment from the Guarantor 
of interest and repayment of principal under the Subordinated Loans 
after all amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect 
of the Covered Bonds, the Other Issuer Creditor and the Other 
Creditors have been paid in full (or sufficient funds have been set 
aside for such purpose). 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds 
will become immediately due and repayable and Covered 
Bondholders will then have a claim against the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Amount in respect of each Covered Bond, together with 
accrued interest and any other amounts due under the Covered 
Bonds, and Guarantor Available Funds will be distributed according 
to the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as to which see 
"Cashflows" below. 
Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by the Cover Pool 
constituted by (i) the Portfolio comprised of Mortgage Loans and 
related collateral assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreements, (ii) payments received from Liability Swap Provider 
under the Liability Swap Agreement, and (iii) any other Eligible Assets 
held by the Guarantor with respect to the Covered Bonds and the 
proceeds thereof which will, inter alia, comprise the funds generated 
by the Portfolio, the other Eligible Assets including, without 
limitation, funds generated by the sale of assets from the Cover Pool 
and funds paid in the context of a liquidation of the Issuer. 
Limited recourse 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders 
and, in general, to the Seller, the Other Issuer Creditors and the 
Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, 
which will be payable in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments. The Covered Bondholders, the Seller, the Other Issuer 
Creditors and the Other Creditors will have a claim against the 
Guarantor only to the extent of the Guarantor Available Funds, 
including any amounts realised with respect to the Cover Pool, in 
each case subject to and as provided in the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and the other Transaction Documents. 
Subordinated Loan 
The Seller has granted, or shall grant, to the Guarantor a 
Subordinated Loan with a maximum amount equal to the Total 
Commitment for the purpose of funding the purchase from the Seller 
of the Eligible Assets included in the initial Cover Pool. Subsequently, 
the Seller will grant further Subordinated Loans to the Guarantor for 
the purposes of (i) funding the purchase from the Seller of Eligible 
Assets in order to remedy a breach of the Tests or to support further 
issues of Covered Bonds or (ii) crediting on the Reserve Fund 
Account an amount sufficient to remedy a breach of the Liquidity

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Reserve Requirement. The Guarantor will pay interest in respect of 
each Subordinated Loan but will have no liability to gross up for 
withholding. Payments from the Guarantor to the Seller under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreements will be limited recourse and 
subordinated and payable in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments to the extent the Guarantor has sufficient Guarantor 
Available Funds for such purpose. 
Excess Receivables and support 
for further issues 
To support the issue of further Series of Covered Bonds, (i) Excess 
Receivables may be retained in the Portfolio or (ii) Eligible Assets 
may be acquired from one or more Seller with the proceeds of the 
new or amended relevant Subordinated Loan Agreements entered 
into by the Seller in order to ensure that the Cover Pool both before 
and after the issue of the new Series of Covered Bonds complies with 
the Tests. The Receivables which have been assigned to the Covered 
Bonds Guarantor may also be repurchased by the Seller in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions provided in the 
relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
Segregation of Guarantor's rights 
and collateral 
The Covered Bonds benefit from the provisions of Article 7-octies of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, pursuant to which the 
Cover Pool is segregated by operation of law from the Guarantor's 
other assets. 
 
In accordance with Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law, prior to and following a winding-up of the Guarantor and 
an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default causing the 
Covered Bond Guarantee to be called, proceeds of the Cover Pool 
paid to the Guarantor will be exclusively available for the purpose of 
satisfying the obligations owed to the Covered Bondholders, to the 
Swap Providers under the Swap Agreements entered into in the 
context of the Programme, the Other Issuer Creditors and to the 
Other Creditors in satisfaction of the transaction costs of the 
Programme. 
 
The Cover Pool may not be seized or attached in any form by 
creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to above, 
until full discharge by the Guarantor of its payment obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
Cross-collateralisation 
All Eligible Assets transferred from the Seller to the Guarantor from 
time to time or otherwise acquired by the Guarantor and the 
proceeds thereof form the collateral supporting the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
Claims under the Covered Bonds 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, for and on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders, may submit a claim to the Guarantor 
and make a demand under the Covered Bond Guarantee in case of 
an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default. 
Guarantor cross-default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve upon the Guarantor a Guarantor

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Default Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme. However, an Issuer Event of Default will not 
automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Disposal of assets included in the 
Cover Pool 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor will be obliged to sell Eligible Assets in the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, subject to pre-emption and other rights of the Seller in 
respect of the Eligible Assets pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale will be applied as set 
out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis, subject to the restrictions set forth in the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain restrictions 
Each Series of Covered Bonds issued will be denominated in a 
currency in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply and will only be issued 
in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time. There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of Covered 
Bonds in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
the United Kingdom and the Republic of Italy) and Japan. Other 
restrictions may apply in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
RISK FACTORS  
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds and 
includes disclosure of all material risks in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective purchasers of Covered 
Bonds should consider carefully all the information contained in this document, including the considerations 
set out below, before making any investment decision. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur. In addition, factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described 
below. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor based 
on the information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
document incorporated by reference) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE COVERED 
BOND 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; and 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry and the relevant market environment. 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Liquidity risk  
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning any downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the 
perception that such a downgrade may occur and may impact the ability of the Issuer and its Group to access 
the funding they need, or may increase the costs of such funding, which may cause such banks to suffer 
liquidity stress. If the concerns over sovereign and bank solvency continue, there is a danger that inter-bank 
funding may become generally unavailable or available only at elevated interest rates, which might have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer’s access to, and cost of, funding. Should the Issuer be unable to continue to 
source a sustainable funding profile, the Issuer’s ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, 
or at all, could be adversely impacted. These factors may adversely impact the Issuer’s profitability and financial 
performance and position and, ultimately, impact its ability to pay interest and repay principal of the Covered 
Bonds in full.  
For more information on processes and measurement of liquidity risk please make reference to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the year ended as at 31 December 2022, incorporated by 
reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's rating 
The risk associated with the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations, generated by the issue of debt 
instruments and money market instruments, is defined by reference to credit ratings assigned by independent 
rating agencies. A rating may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency by which 
it has been assigned. Suspension, lowering or withdrawal of an assigned rating can negatively affect the market 
price of the bonds issued.  
A rating downgrade might restrict the availability of funding, result in higher funding and refinancing costs for 
the Issuer in the capital markets, reduce its access to capital markets or increase its cost for individuals and 
companies at a local level. The credit ratings assigned to the Issuer by rating agencies are instrumental to its

--- Page 29 ---
29 
access to sources of wholesale funding and the cost of such funding. The current long-term counterparty credit 
ratings of the Issuer is “BB+”, short term “B”; the current short-term counterparty credit ratings is “B”; both as 
provided by Fitch. These ratings and any other ratings may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the relevant 
agencies. There is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not 
be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. 
In addition, a downgrade of any of the Issuer’s ratings may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend mortgage 
loans and may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, 
as well as in the eyes of its clients. This might have a material adverse effect on the Desio Group’s operating 
results, financial conditions and business outlook and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Covered 
Bonds. 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry and the relevant market environment 
Credit and market risk  
The Issuer is exposed to general credit risk, including the failure of instruments and strategies used by the 
Desio Group and already in place to hedge or otherwise manage its exposure to credit or market risk; in this 
case, the Desio Group may not be able to hedge effectively its risk exposure. The Desio Group's trading 
revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and mark to market, changes 
in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates and on how effectively 
it determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk and market risk concentration. 
There can, however, be no guarantee that the credit procedures put in place by the Issuer can assess accurately 
and hedge all of the risks of exposure to borrowers, guarantors, issuers or other counterparty’s failure to 
honour contractual obligations, and increased defaults of these borrowers and/or inadequate loans 
provisioning, as well as a worsening of the credit rating of counterparties or a material failure to hedge 
exposures to them, may negatively impact the Issuer’s and Banco Desio Group’s financial condition and results 
of operation. Moreover, the Issuer and Banco Desio Group remain exposed to the risk of loss as a result of 
market risk and, principally, the risks of interest rate and exchange rate volatility. 
For more information on processes and measurement of credit risk please make reference to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer for the year ended as at 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference to 
this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk  
The operational risks that the Issuer faces include the possibility of inadequate or failed internal or external 
processes or systems, inadequate or failed outsourcing of processes, services or activities, human error, 
regulatory breaches, employee misconduct. The occurrence of any such event may result in financial loss and 
may harm the reputation of the Issuer. Inability to retain and attract key personnel could adversely affect its 
operations and results. The Issuer relies heavily on its operational processes, and communication and 
information systems in particular to conduct its business. The business operations of the Issuer are also 
vulnerable to interruption from external factors such as fire, flood, bomb threats, explosions or other forms of 
terrorist activity and natural and man-made disasters. Even with the back-up recovery systems and contingency 
plans that are in place, the Issuer cannot ensure that interruptions, failures or breaches of its communication 
and information systems as a result of external fraud will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be 
adequately addressed. Finally, cybercrime risk is also a relevant and ongoing threat that may lead to an 
interruption of services to customers, loss of confidential information or erosion of trust and reputation. The 
above may also apply for third parties on which the Issuer depends.  
In order to mitigate the operational risk effects, a specific operational risk management macro-process (ORM 
framework) has been designed that consists of the following phases: (i) Identification: recognition, collection 
and classification of information relating to operational risks; (ii) Measurement: economic measurement of 
operational risks linked to the Bank's operations; (iii) Monitoring and reporting: collection and structured

--- Page 30 ---
30 
organisation of the results in order to monitor the evolution of operational risk exposure; (iv) Mitigation and 
control: risk transfer and improvement of business processes. To support the operational risk management 
model, the following processes have been formalised: (v) Loss Data Collection – structured process for 
gathering data on operational losses arising within the Desio Group; and (vi) Risk Self Assessment – structured 
process for the measurement of operational risks designed to have complete vision of risk events in terms of 
the potential impact and the worst case impact. In addition, the Issuer, for the year 2022, has ring-fenced Euro 
2,901,000 for operational risks linked to legal uncertainties regarding transactions with customers in the 
consumer credit sector. 
However, it cannot be ruled out that certain unknown and unexpected events and/or events out of the Issuer’s 
and Desio Group's control may occur (such as damage or malfunctioning caused by extraordinary events and 
including those mentioned above by way of example and without limitation), which could negatively affect 
operation of the systems designed for operational risk control, thus generating negative effects on the business 
and the economic and/or financial situation and performance of the Desio Group, as well as on its reputation 
and, ultimately, its ability to pay interest and repay principal of the Covered Bonds in full.  
The Desio Group has adopted since 31 March 2022, for the calculation of the capital requirement for the 
operational risks, the Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA). 
For more information on processes and measurement of operational risk please make reference to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the year ended as at 31 December 2022, incorporated by 
reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Proceedings 
The Desio Group is involved in various legal proceedings. Management believes that such proceedings have 
been properly analysed by the Issuer and its subsidiaries in order to decide whether any increase in provisions 
for litigation is necessary or appropriate in all the circumstances and, with respect to some specific issues, 
whether to refer to them in the notes to its financial statements in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). More in particular, provisions have been made by the Issuer in the consolidated 
financial statements as at 31 December 2022 for losses expected to arise from disputes, of which Euro 
9,071,000 thousand relates to legal disputes (Euro 9,295,000 thousand at the end of 2021) and Euro 829,000 
thousand relates to bankruptcy clawback actions (Euro 712,000 thousand at the end of 2021). 
The outcome of the many legal proceedings which the Banco Desio Group is a party to is intrinsically difficult 
to forecast and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that an unfavourable outcome of some of them might impact 
the Desio Group’s financial, income and equity situation.  
For other information on the pending legal proceedings which the Desio Group is a party to, reference is made 
to Section “Banco desio as Issuer and Seller” of the Base Prospectus and to the section entitled “Provisions for 
risks and charges – Caption 100” in Part B – Information on the consolidated balance sheet of the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022, which is available at the following link: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/BDB_Annual_Financial_Report_2022.pdf 
The Issuer’s operations are dependent on the correct functioning of our IT systems, which exposes the Issuers 
to risk 
The Issuer’s operations depend on, among other things, the correct and adequate operation of the Issuer’s IT 
systems, as well as their continuous maintenance and constant updating. 
The Issuer has always invested significant resources in upgrading their relevant IT systems and improving their 
defense and monitoring systems. However, possible risks remain with regard to the reliability of the system 
(disaster recovery), the quality and integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are 
subject, as well as physiological risks related to the management of software changes (change management), 
which could have negative effects on the Issuers’ business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Among the risks that the Issuers face relating to the management of IT systems are the possible violations of

--- Page 31 ---
31 
their systems due to unauthorized access to the Issuer’s corporate network, or IT resources, the introduction 
of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the internet. Like attempted hacking, such 
violations have become more frequent over the years throughout the world. Both the aggregation of new 
services for members and clients and the exposure of online services are becoming increasingly complex and 
gradually extending to more and more areas and products. In addition, the authors of cyber threats are using 
increasingly sophisticated methods and strategies for criminal purposes. 
Cyber attacks can therefore threaten the protection of information relating to the Issuer and its customers and 
can have negative effects on the integrity of the Issuer’s IT systems, as well as on the confidence of its 
customers and on the Issuer’s reputation, with possible negative effects on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations or financial condition. 
In addition, the Issuer’s substantial investment in resources in software development creates the risk that when 
one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Issuer’s may suffer financial losses or impacts 
on the Issuer’s operations if the software is destroyed or seriously damaged or will incur repair costs for the 
violated IT systems. The Issuer may also be subject to regulatory sanctions. Finally, there is no indication that 
Banco Desio Group would be less at risk than other Italian financial institutions. In the event of a successful 
cyber attack, Banco Desio Group would be exposed to financial loss, reputational loss, the risk of not achieving 
its business objectives as well as major disruption in its operations. 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
The Issuer's earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of financial 
markets and of market participants, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and 
regulation, changes in the polices of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank, 
and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can change the 
level of demand for the Issuer products and services, the credit quality of its customers, debtors and 
counterparties, the interest rate margin between lending and borrowing costs and the value of its investment 
and trading portfolios and can influence the Issuer’s balance sheet and economic results. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterized by high levels of uncertainty, due in part to: (i) the U.S.-
driven trend toward protectionism; (ii) the rapid growth of credit in the Chinese economy and the risk of a 
downward pressure on Chinese property investment causing an outright contraction in housing sales and 
investment; (iii) the developments associated with Brexit; (iv) future developments in the European Central Bank 
and U.S. Federal Reserve monetary policies and the policies implemented by various countries, including those 
aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) constant change in the global and European 
banking sector, which has led to a progressive reduction in the spread between lending and borrowing rates; 
and (vi) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, including Italy, and the related, repeated 
shocks to the financial markets. European political uncertainties also remain a source of potential setback for 
the recovery.  
In addition, the Russia-Ukraine war started in February 2022 with the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. The extent 
of the consequences of this war with regard to energy price increases and inflation as a whole on the one hand 
and trade restrictions and sanctions on the other hand, but also counterreactions and the duration of such a 
conflict are not foreseeable at this time. This conflict could have significant adverse effects on European 
economy, the inflation and the stability of international financial markets. 
Furthermore, the results of the Issuer could be affected by general economic, financial and other business 
conditions and, in particular, by the performance of the economy of the Republic of Italy (determined, inter 
alia, by factors such as the expected growth perspectives of the economy and credit reliability). In particular, 
since the Republic of Italy is the country in which the Issuer operates on an almost exclusive basis and in which 
respect the Issuer has a relevant credit exposure, the Issuer’s business is particularly sensitive to investor 
perception of the country reliability and solidity of its financial condition as well as prospects of its economic 
growth. The political uncertainty and persistence of adverse economic conditions in Italy, or a slower recovery 
in Italy compared to other OECD nations could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, cost of

--- Page 32 ---
32 
borrowing, results of operations or financial condition, as well as on the value of its assets, and could result in 
further costs related to write-downs and impairment losses. In addition, any downgrade of the Italian sovereign 
credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur, may destabilise the markets and have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's operating results, capital and liquidity position, financial condition and prospects 
as well as on the marketability of the Covered Bonds. If sentiment towards the banks and/or other financial 
institutions operating in Italy were to deteriorate materially, or if the Issuer’s ratings and/or the ratings of the 
sector were to be further adversely affected, this may have an adverse impact on the Issuer. In addition, such 
change in sentiment or reduction in ratings could result in an increase in the costs and a reduction in the 
availability of wholesale market funding across the financial sector which could have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity funding and value of the assets of all Italian financial services institutions, including the Issuer. 
However, material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Issuer may result from further 
developments in terms of monetary policy and/or additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such 
as political instability, terrorism and any other similar event occurring in the markets where the Issuer operates 
and, as recently experienced, a pandemic emergency). In addition, the Issuer performance is affected by factors 
such as investor confidence, financial market liquidity, the availability and cost of borrowing on the capital 
markets, all of which are by their very nature, connected to the general macroeconomic situation. The global 
economic recovery may be further impacted by potential new rounds of restrictions that might be introduced 
by countries across the world, with the risk of further slowing down the expected recovery. 
Adverse changes in the above factors, particularly at times of economic-financial crisis, could increase the 
Desio Group’s cost of funding, with a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Issuer. 
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the industry, 
the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, intervention with respect 
to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further increased. In many countries, this has 
been achieved through support measures for the financial system and direct intervention by governments in 
the share capital of the banks in different forms. In order to technically permit such government support, 
financial institutions were required to pledge securities deemed appropriate by different central financial 
institutions as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures by 
governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties for the Issuer in procuring liquidity in 
the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement by the Issuer of such liquidity, thereby adversely 
affecting the Issuer’s and Banco Desio Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk” 
In recent years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant instances of default, 
and there can be no certainty that further such instances will not occur. Concerns about, or a default by, one 
institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions because the 
commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, 
clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and 
may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms 
and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could adversely affect the Issuer. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events could have a negative impact on the business and 
results of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic 
and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which 
the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be 
predicted.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
An investment in Covered Bonds involves the risk that the instability caused by similar events may adversely 
affect the payment made by the Issuer under the relevant Covered Bonds. This may lead to losses under the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally; 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
Risks related to the market generally.  
 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally 
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under this 
Programme. The obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with 
its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential 
arrangement granted by the Issuer. An investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the payment made under 
relevant Covered Bonds. This may lead to losses under the Covered Bonds. 
Extraordinary Resolutions and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings against the 
Guarantor by conferring on the Meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with 
the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence any 
such individual actions. 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may also be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests 
of Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor; waiving an Issuer 
Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; cancelling, reducing or otherwise varying interest payments 
or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; altering the priority of payments of interest and 
principal on the Covered Bonds; and any other amendments to the Transactions Documents. A Programme 
Resolution will bind all Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in 
favour of the Programme Resolution. Covered Bondholders are therefore exposed to the risk that decisions are 
taken at Programme level which may be against the interest of such Covered Bondholder and this may have an 
adverse effect on the (conditions and/or value of) the Covered Bonds. No Resolution, other than a Programme 
Resolution, passed by the holders of one Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of another Series 
unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may require, of 
the holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of a 
Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting and whether 
they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution. In addition, holders of the Covered Bonds should be aware that, 
unless they have made arrangements to promptly receive notices sent to Covered Bondholders from any 
custodians or other intermediaries through which they hold their Covered Bonds and give the same their prompt 
attention, meetings may be convened or resolutions may be proposed and considered and passed or rejected 
or deemed to be passed or rejected without their involvement even if, were they to have been promptly informed

--- Page 34 ---
34 
by such custodians or other intermediaries as aforesaid, they would have voted in an affirmative manner to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds which passed or rejected the relevant proposal or resolution. 
In addition, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree to the modification of the Transaction 
Documents without consulting Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error or where such modification (i) 
is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or an error established as such to the satisfaction of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or (ii) in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, is not or will not be materially prejudicial to Covered Bondholders. Changes may therefore be 
made to the Programme to which one or more, or all Covered Bondholders did not agree or would have 
disapproved if proposed to them. In addition, the fact that changes may be made to the Transaction Documents 
without the Covered Bondholder's prior knowledge or consent and which changes may be conflicting with the 
interests of such Covered Bondholder or potential Covered Bondholder, could have an adverse effect on (the 
value of) such Covered Bonds that are intended to be sold by a Covered Bondholder.  
It should also be noted that after the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the 
Covered Bondholders' rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised 
in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders' rights against the 
Guarantor and the security under the Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bond of one or more Series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise such power, 
trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders expressed by way of 
Extraordinary Resolution, or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding.  
Notwithstanding the above, no guarantee can be given on the fact that the parties to the Programme will comply 
with the contractual provisions which have been inserted in the relevant Transaction Documents in order to 
limit the ability of individual Covered Bondholders to commence multiple proceedings against the Issuer. The 
starting of multiple enforcement proceedings against the Issuer and/or Guarantor in breach of the contractual 
provisions of the Programme may have a negative impact on the ability of the Issuer and/or Guarantor to fulfil 
its obligations in favour of all Covered Bondholders who will have no further actions available in respect of any 
such unpaid amounts. 
Extendible obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Perspective investors should be aware of the possibility that amounts to be paid with respect to one or more 
Series of Covered Bonds may be paid at a later date than the one originally expected and provided under the 
relevant Final Terms. 
More in particular, upon failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds 
on their relevant Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if payment of the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of the Covered Bonds is not made in 
full by the Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination Date, then payment of such Guaranteed 
Amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds provides that such Covered Bonds are subject to an extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity 
Date") to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on or before 
the Extension Determination Date. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received an Issuer Default Notice and has sufficient moneys available to 
pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Amount in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments and as described in Conditions 7(b) (Extension 
of maturity) and 10(b) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice). Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the 
Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
The Extended Maturity Date will fall one year after the Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be 
payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and the Guarantor will 
pay Guaranteed Amounts, constituting interest due on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity 
Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered 
Bond Instalment Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the 
Guarantor to pay the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will 
(subject to any applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Similarly, in respect of Covered Bonds that may be redeemed in instalments, if Extended Instalment Date is 
specified in the Final Terms and both (a) the Issuer on the Covered Bond Instalment Date and (b) the Guarantor 
on the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date fail to pay a Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount, the requirement to pay such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and all subsequently due and payable 
Covered Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred by one year until their Extended Instalment Dates.  
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, each 
subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible that a 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to a date falling 
after the Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
Therefore, Covered Bondholders or potential Covered Bondholder may not receive payments the moment they 
anticipated to receive payments at, and these payments may not cover all amounts Covered Bondholders may 
expect to receive. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds 
(in which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds 
(in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely affect 
existing holders of the Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Subordinated Loan granted by the Seller to the Guarantor under the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement may only be used by the Guarantor (i) as consideration for the acquisition of the Eligible 
Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; (ii) as 
consideration for the acquisition of Eligible Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement; and (iii) to credit on the Reserve Fund Account an amount, or establishing 
a cash reserve, sufficient to remedy a breach of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement; and 
(b) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date (and Test Calculation 
Date when required by Transaction Documents) in order to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its 
obligations under the Guarantee. 
However, should the above mentioned provisions not be followed by the relevant Parties pursuant to the 
relevant Transaction Documents, then no assurance can be given as to the impact of any further issue of 
Covered Bonds under the Programme and to the adverse affect it may have on existing holders of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Limits to Integration 
The integration of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets, shall be carried out in accordance with the 
methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations. More specifically, integration is

--- Page 36 ---
36 
allowed exclusively for the purpose of complying with (a) the Statutory Test, Amortisation Test and the Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement in accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (b) the overcollateralisation 
requirements as set forth by the Bank of Italy Regulations in accordance with article 129 of CRR. Investors 
should note that integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations 
and specified above: therefore no assurance can be given on the potential negative impact that the need to 
integrate the Cover Pool outside the circumstances set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations and specified above 
may have on the interests of the Covered Bondholders.  
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds referencing such 
benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds 
linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject 
to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a 
"benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) 
of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, including, 
without limitation, any Floatin Rate Covered Bonds, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. The euro risk free-rate working group 
for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback 
provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing 
EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant 
contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 
May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and fallback rates.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union approved 
the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards the 
exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements 
for certain benchmarks in cessation and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012. The new framework delegates 
the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the Regulation 
2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning 
of financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a benchmark 
should apply to any contract and any financial instrument as defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65 that is subject

--- Page 37 ---
37 
to the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends 
the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further 
extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the 
Council of the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal 
on 12 February 2021 and entered into force on the following day.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds. Depending on the manner in which the relevant EURIBOR 
rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant 
EURIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference the 
relevant EURIBOR. 
The section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” provides for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or 
any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with 
the Issuer or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and 
Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines 
that amendments to The section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” and the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the 
use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such 
amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders, as 
provided by Condition 6(j) (Floating Rate Provisions – Fallback provisions). 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should consider these matters with their own independent advisers 
when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing 
a benchmark. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult their 
tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if 
withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature 
is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
an additional amount pursuant to Condition 9 (Taxation) subject to customary exceptions including Decree No. 
239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the 
Covered Bondholders or to gross up in relation to withholdings or deductions on payments made by the 
Guarantor. As a result, investors may receive amounts that are less than expected. Perspective investors should 
therefore be aware of the potential negative result of such lack of gross-up or compensation by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor on the expected amounts to be received by the Covered Bondholders. 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident 
Guarantor under the Guarantee. For further details see the section entitled "Taxation".  
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and further amended to allow for 
the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the 
application of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law as it relates to covered bonds has been issued by any 
Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended and supplemented from time 
to time (the “Bank of Italy Regulations”) concerning guidelines on, among others, the valuation of assets, and 
controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation and the liquidity reserve and the requirements for 
applying for the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label.  
Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue further regulations relating to the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot be predicted by 
the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any changes of the rules and/or changes of the interpretation 
and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could give rise to new burdens and obligations 
for the Issuer, with possible negative impacts on the operational results and the economic and financial 
situation of the Issuer and of the Programme. 
Furthermore, the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law has been amended by legislative decree No. 190 of 5 
November 2021 (the "Decree 190/2021"), which transposed into the Italian legal framework Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 and designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the 
covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the Title I-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 
190/2021. . In this respect, the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended by Decree 
190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 
February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. Such 
amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the definition of (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the 
conditions for issuing new issuance programmes and the interim discipline regarding new issues under 
issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 2023; (iv) the possibility also to banks with credit rating 
3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes.  
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did not 
exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower the 
threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Consequently, given the novelty recent amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations and the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law, it is possible that the issuance of further guidelines or implementing regulations relating 
to the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, or the interpretation thereof, may 
have an impact which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, 
with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme before the publication of the Decree 
190/2021, it is uncertain to assess the possible impacts which the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and 
the Bank of Italy Regulations, as recently amended, may have. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return. An investor's total return on an investment 
in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees charged by the nominee service provider and/or 
clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution may charge fees for the opening and 
operation of an investment account, transfers of Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of interest, 
principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any 
such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds, as no assurance can be given as to the potential 
negative effect such changes in fees may have on their return on an investment in Covered Bonds. 
Priority of Payments 
Recent English insolvency and U.S. bankruptcy court rulings may restrain parties from making or receiving 
payments in accordance with the order of priority agreed between them. 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual and/or 
trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of other creditors of 
its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that creditor. In particular, recent 
cases have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a swap counterparty's payment rights in 
respect of certain termination payments upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings or other default on the 
part of such counterparty (so-called "flip clauses").  
The English Supreme Court has held that a flip clause as described above is valid under English law. Contrary 
to this, however, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court has held that such a subordination provision is unenforceable under 
U.S. bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such provision would violate the automatic stay which applies 
under such law in the case of a U.S. bankruptcy of the counterparty. The implications of this conflicting 
judgment are not yet known. 
If a creditor of the Guarantor (such as the Swap Providers) or a related entity becomes subject to insolvency 
proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, and it is owed a payment by the Guarantor, a 
question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in respect of that 
creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of subordination provisions included in 
the Italian law governed Transaction Documents. In particular, based on the decision of the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Court referred to above, there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under U.S. 
bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which 
may act as Swap Counterparty, including U.S. established entities and certain non-U.S. established entities with 
assets or operations in the U.S. (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant 
non-U.S. entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a U.S. state). If a subordination provision included in the 
Transaction Documents were successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction 
outside England and Wales and any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, 
there can be no assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, 
the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above, there is a risk 
that the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition action by the English courts) 
may result in negative rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered 
Bonds is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in 
the light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax reasons  
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to receive the expected 
interest.  
Fixed rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. In such circumstances an investor may not be able 
to obtain the expected return on the sale of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Floating rate risks 
Investment in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk for the Covered Bondholders of fluctuating interest 
rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. In such circumstances, due to varying interest income, investors are 
not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds at the time they purchase them, so that 
their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having a fixed interest rate. If the 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are even 
more exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates at the prevailing time of any such interest 
payment. 
In addition, the Issuer’s ability to issue Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may negatively affect the market value and 
secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds (and vice versa). 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of Covered Bonds specified in the applicable Final Terms may be more than the market value 
of such Covered Bonds as of the issue date, and the price, if any at which a Dealer or any other person willing 
to purchase the Covered Bonds in secondary market transactions may be lower than the issue price.  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. This may 
negatively affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Covered Bonds. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Bondholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Bondholders including Bondholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Label 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)”, as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, provided that the 
Covered Bonds are in compliance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations 
and the CRR, and the Cover Pool comprises of only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and the 
requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Given that the labelling of the 
Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any 
regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds and assess autonomously the 
compliance of the Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory framework. No assurance or representation is 
given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without limitation, whether such assets comply 
with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without 
limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium). Furthermore, no 
assurance is given whether Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond (Premium) will continue to 
maintain such label even after their issuance. 
Risks related to the Guarantor 
VAT Group 
Italian Law no. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”) has introduced new rules regarding the 
creation of a single entity for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential 
Decree no. 633 of 26 October 1972) (“VAT Group Regime”), which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 1 
January 2019. Pursuant to such rules, by virtue of the role it takes on in compliance with the VAT Group Regime, 
the Issuer, in its quality of VAT group representative, assumes the obligations and rights resulting from the 
application of VAT provisions. Therefore, all rights and obligations arising from the application of the VAT 
Group Regime are attributed to the VAT group and shall be exercised and fulfilled by the VAT group 
representative which, in primis, will assume any liabilities arising therefrom. All other entities included in the 
VAT group are jointly and severally liable with the VAT group representative vis-à-vis the Italian Tax Authority 
for the sums due as a result of the liquidation and controlling activities of the Italian Tax Authority. 
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued the circular letter No. 19 (“Circular Letter 19/2018”)

--- Page 42 ---
42 
whereby it has specified – with respect to asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio - 
SGR) - that funds, as pools of segregated assets, would not be held directly responsible for the sums due as 
taxes, interest and penalties as a consequence of the liquidation and controlling activities of the Italian Tax 
Authority, except for the VAT payment obligations specifically related to their assets. Nevertheless, it has not 
been expressly specified that the same limitation applies also to the assets held by a covered bond guarantor. 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. has opted for the new VAT Group Regime in respect of the Issuer’s group 
(including the Guarantor) with effect from 1 January 2019 and for the three-year period 2019-2021, with tacit 
renewal for each subsequent year unless revoked.  
Pending further clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has undertaken to hold 
harmless and indemnify on demand the Guarantor for any costs, expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, fines, 
penalties and other charges which the Guarantor may incur as a result of its participation in the VAT group to 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 
In such a context, the Issuer and the Guarantor have jointly asked for a specific ruling to the Italian Tax 
Authorities on September 2019, in order to obtain clarifications with reference to the potential joint and several 
liability of the Guarantor under the VAT group regime.  
In answering the request, the Italian Tax Authority confirmed that the interpretation expressed with regard to 
the funds in the Circular Letter No. 19/2018 applies also with respect to covered bond guarantors, being also 
their pools of assets segregated by law with the sole aim of servicing payments due to the covered bondholders. 
As a consequence, the segregated pool of assets established by the Guarantor in relation to the Programme is 
deemed to be liable, pursuant to article 70-octies of Presidential Decree No. 633 of 26 October 1972, only for 
the portion of VAT, interest and penalties – due in case of audit or assessment – which arise in connection with 
the management of such pools of assets. Such principles are also consistent with the conclusions reached by 
the Italian Tax Authorithies with the ruling No. 487 of 15 November 2019. 
However, no assurance can be given as to any different interpretation and or provision to be issued in the future 
by the Italian Tax Authority, which could require the Guarantor to incur in costs, expenses, losses, liabilities, 
damages, fines, penalties and other charges as a result of its participation in the VAT group. Such circumstance 
could negatively affect the ability of the Guarantor to comply with its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee and the Transaction Documents. 
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are due for payment 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay any Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, which may be delivered after the occurrence of (i) an Issuer Event 
of Default or (ii) a Resolution Event, unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds by the relevant payment date. Such provision complies with Article 5 of the Directive (EU) 2019/2162, 
pursuant to which the payment obligations attached to Covered Bonds are not subject to automatic acceleration 
(which would be the case if a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered) upon the insolvency or resolution of the 
Issuer. Following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, under the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts as and when the same 
are due for payment on each Interest Payment Date, provided that, in the case of any amounts representing the 
Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the original Maturity Date, the Guarantor may pay 
such amounts on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. Such 
Guaranteed Amounts will be paid subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments or the 
Post Enforcement Priority of Payments, as applicable. In these circumstances the Guarantor will not be obliged 
to pay any other amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds which become payable for any other reason. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when due for payment under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee by service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have a claim under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount of each Covered Bond,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
together with accrued interest and all other amounts then due under the Covered Bonds. Following service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts due from the Guarantor shall be applied by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, and Covered Bondholders 
will receive amounts from the Guarantor on an accelerated basis. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on (a) the amount 
of interest and principal generated by the Portfolio and the timing thereof and (b) amounts received from the 
Swap Providers. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Covered Bond Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of 
enforcement may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the Covered 
Bondholders. If, following enforcement and realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool, creditors of the Guarantor 
have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they 
may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will 
have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. Holders of the Covered Bonds should therefore be aware of the fact 
that, in such circumstances, the Guarantor may not be able to pay interest and repay principal of the Covered 
Bonds in full. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform 
services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Master Servicer has been appointed to 
service Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and the Guarantor Calculation Agent has been appointed to calculate 
and monitor compliance with the Statutory Tests, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the Amortisation Test. 
In the event that any of these parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it 
is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof or pending such realisation (if the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold) the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Master Servicer has failed to administer the Mortgage Loans 
adequately, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The Guarantor is also 
reliant on the Swap Providers meeting their obligations under the Swap Agreements entered into in order to 
hedge the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, as described in the following two 
investment considerations. 
If a Master Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement, then 
the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the Master Servicer and appoint a new master servicer in its place. There can be no assurance 
that a substitute master servicer with sufficient experience of administering mortgages of residential properties 
would be found who would be willing and able to service the Mortgage Loans on the terms of the Master 
Servicing Agreement. Moreover, the substitute servicer may charge higher servicing fees that it agrees to with 
the Guarantor, which servicing fees will be entitled to priority over payments to holders of the Covered Bonds. 
The ability of a substitute master servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other 
things, on the information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability 
to appoint a substitute master servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, 
and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
The Master Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if the Debtors fail to make any payments in a timely 
fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Master 
Servicer under the Master Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the Master Servicer 
or to monitor the performance by the Master Servicer of its obligations.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the performance of the indexations in the Portfolio and 
EURIBOR with a certain designated maturity, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Asset Swap Agreements 
with one or more Asset Swap Providers. In addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate, basis risk, currency 
and/or other risks in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Guarantor has 
entered and is expected to enter into one or more Liability Swap Agreements with one or more Liability Swap 
Providers in respect of each Series.  
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due, or otherwise fails to meet its obligations, under 
any Swap Agreement that may be entered into, then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A Swap Provider, unless otherwise stated in the relevant 
Swap Agreement, is only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with 
its obligations including its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement.  
In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default 
under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Provider may be obliged to make payments to the Guarantor pursuant 
to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by the Guarantor 
to a Swap Provider may in such circumstances incur additional amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which 
would rank senior to the amounts due on the Covered Bonds.  
If the Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of 
amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount due to be paid to the Guarantor under the relevant 
Swap Agreement on the payment date under the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor may be exposed to changes 
in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, 
subject to the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds not being adversely affected, the Guarantor may hedge 
only part of the possible risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under 
the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement is terminated, the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant 
Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make such 
termination payment, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement 
swap agreement with an adequately rated swap provider, nor can there be any assurance that such swap 
provider agrees to enter into a replacement swap agreement on substantially the same terms as the terminated 
swap agreement. In addition the Swap Agreements may provide that notwithstanding the downgrading of a 
Swap Provider and the failure by such Swap Provider to take the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap 
Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the Swap Agreement until a replacement swap provider has been 
found.  
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination payment 
will (other than in circumstance in which the relevant Swap Provider is not the Defaulting Party or the Sole 
Affected Party), following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, rank pari passu and pro rata with amounts 
due to Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, payments by the Guarantor under the Liability Swap 
Agreements and Asset Swap Agreements, including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor 
(other than in circumstances in which the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected 
Party), will rank pari passu and pro rata with amounts due on the Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.  
Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to meet their obligations under the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee, respectively. 
Additionally, the failure of the Guarantor to receive a termination payment from the relevant Swap Provider may 
adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Differences in timings of obligations under the Liability Swaps

--- Page 45 ---
45 
With respect to any Liability Swap Agreements, it is expected that the Guarantor will pay to the relevant Liability 
Swap Provider on each Guarantor Payment Date a fixed rate or a floating rate option such as, for Series of 
Covered Bonds denominated in Euro, a floating rate linked to EURIBOR. Each Liability Swap Provider is expected 
to make corresponding swap payments to the Guarantor on or about the Interest Payment Date of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, which could be monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual. 
Due to the mis-match in timing of payments under the Liability Swap Agreements, on many Guarantor Payment 
Dates, the Guarantor will be required to make a payment to the Liability Swap Provider without receiving a 
payment in return and therefore there can be no netting of payments except on the date when the Liability 
Swap Provider is required to make a payment to the Guarantor. 
If the Liability Swap Provider does not meet its payment obligations to the Guarantor under the Liability Swap 
Agreement and the Liability Swap Provider does not make a termination payment that has become due from it 
to the Guarantor, the Guarantor may have a larger shortfall in funds with which to meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee than if the Liability Swap Provider’s payment obligations coincided with 
Guarantor’s payment obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. As a result, the difference in timing 
between the obligations of the Guarantor under the Liability Swap Agreement and the obligations of the Liability 
Swap Provider under the Liability Swap Agreement could adversely affect the Guarantor’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Sale of Eligible Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
If an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor will be obliged to sell 
Eligible Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor's creditors including 
making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, see "Overview of the Transaction Documents" – "Cover 
Pool Management Agreement". 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Eligible Assets at the times required and there can 
be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which can be obtained for such Eligible Assets, which may affect 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Eligible Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor 
for less than an amount equal to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount for the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of such Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell the Selected Loans for the best price reasonably 
available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
However, the provision of the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount does not assure that the 
Guarantor may realize sufficient proceeds to pay the Covered Bonds in full. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and to apply 
the proceeds deriving from the realisation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured obligations in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as described in the section entitled "Cashflows" 
below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay 
all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction 
Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid 
sooner or later than expected or not at all. Perspective investors should therefore be aware that following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default the Guarantor may not be able to repay all amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Risks related to the underlying 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans in the 
Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for 
instance: 
• 
the Seller selling further Mortgage Loans (or types of loans, which are of a type that have not previously 
been comprised in the relevant Portfolio transferred to the Guarantor); and 
• 
the Seller repurchasing Mortgage Loans in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
Therefore, the information received by the Covered Bondholders may not reflect all and/or the most recent 
statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans. 
However, each Mortgage Loan will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria (see "Description of the Cover Pool 
— Eligibility Criteria") and will be subject to the representations and warranties set out in the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement – see "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Warranty and Indemnity Agreement". In 
addition, the Nominal Value Test is intended to ensure that the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Eligible Cover Pool is at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for so long as 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding and the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide monthly reports that will 
set out certain information in relation to the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement.  
A change in the composition of the Mortgage Loans may lower the quality and may result in a lower income 
received by the Guarantor than originally envisaged, and this could ultimately lead to losses under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and 
on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which 
may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by: 
• 
default by Debtors of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans; 
• 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller; 
• 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool;  
• 
usury Law;  
• 
compounding interest;  
• 
mortgage borrower protection; and  
• 
renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Statutory Tests, 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement, the Amortisation Test and the Eligibility Criteria are intended to ensure 
(although there is no assurance) that there will be an adequate amount of Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool 
and moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds 
following an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and 
accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Eligible Assets could be realised for sufficient 
prices to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The Mortgage 
Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as

--- Page 47 ---
47 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes 
in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and government policies. Other factors in Debtors' individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of Debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce 
and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default by and to the declaration of insolvency and/or the 
opening of the judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale – i.e. bankruptcy) of Debtors, and could ultimately 
have an adverse impact on the ability of Debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a 
borrower to sell a property given as security for Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts 
outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers 
for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. Perspective investors 
should be aware that the above mentioned circumstances may have a negative impact on the future cashflows 
of the Issuer and on its ability to pay interest and principal of the Covered Bonds. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its lending 
criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the Guarantor by the Seller, but originated 
by a person other than the Seller (the "Originator"), will have been originated in accordance with the lending 
criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller's or the Originator's, as the 
case may be, lending criteria will generally consider type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the 
loan-to-value ratio, mortgage indemnity guarantee policies, high loan-to-value fees, status of applicants and 
credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the Seller warranted 
and will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in accordance with the 
Seller's lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by 
an Originator, were originated in accordance with the relevant Originator's lending criteria applicable at the 
time of origination. The Seller retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the 
terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. An Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at any 
time. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage 
Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by Debtors and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and 
the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, it should be noted 
that Defaulted Loans in the Cover Pool will not be considered for the purpose of the calculation of the Statutory 
Tests and the Amortisation Test. 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law is governed by article 58, 
paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Consolidated Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such 
provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of (i) the date of 
the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (La Gazzetta Ufficiale 
della Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the local Companies' 
Registry. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the Debtors against 
the Seller, including rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and 
registration at the local Companies' Registry, having a negative impact on its recoveries and, therefore, its 
ability to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by 
Debtors may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor 
to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. In this respect, it should be noted that the Issuer has 
undertaken, upon occurrence of an Issuer Downgrading Event, to notify on a quarterly basis the Rating Agency 
of the Potential Set-Off Amount. 
Moreover, further to certain amendments to article 4 of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, it is now 
expressly provided by the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-
off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment 
in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana).  
Usury Law

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended by law decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (the "Usury Law") 
introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than rates (the "Usury 
Rates") set every three months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian Treasury. In addition, even where 
the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or remuneration may be held 
to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account the specific circumstances 
of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) the person who paid or 
agreed to pay was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or 
remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain judgements 
issued during 2000, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the Usury Law applied both to 
loans advanced prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury Law.  
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued law decree No. 394 (the “Decree 394”), converted into 
law by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the uncertainty about the interpretation of 
the Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest will be deemed to be usurious only if the interest rate 
agreed by the parties exceeded the Usury Rates at the time when the loan agreement or any other credit facility 
was entered into or the interest rate was agreed.  
According to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), the remuneration of 
any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from time to time applicable. Based on this recent 
evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing 
is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at the time when the terms of the financing were agreed but becomes 
higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. Furthermore, those court precedents have 
also stated that default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account when calculating the 
aggregate remuneration of any given financing for the purposes of determining its compliance with the 
applicable Usury Rate. That interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for determining the 
Usury Rates, considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never took 
into account the default interest rates. On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in an official 
document that default interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the Statutory Usury Rates 
and has acknowledged that there is a discrepancy between the methods utilised to determine the remuneration 
of any given financing (which must include default rates) and the applicable Statutory Usury Rates against which 
the former must be compared. 
To solve such a contrast between different Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) decisions, a recent 
decision by the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 24675 dated 18 
July 2017) finally stated that interest rates which were compliant with the Usury Rate as at the time of the 
execution of the financing agreements but exceeded such threshold thereafter, are lawful also from a civil law 
perspective falling outside of the scope of the Usury Law.  
Moreover, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 18 
September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also default 
interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with the Usury Rates. In 
this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of rate which determined 
the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which 
determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last interpretation 
of the Supreme Court.  
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Receivables and the Mortgage Loan Agreements, the amount payable 
by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders may be subject to reduction, renegotiation or repayment. The 
occurrence of such event shall reduce the amount of collections and recoveries of the Issuer with a negative 
impact of its ability to pay interest and repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
Compound interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued interest 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal proceedings are

--- Page 49 ---
49 
commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code allows 
derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices to the contrary. Banks 
and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a 
quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice. However, a 
number of recent judgements from Italian courts (including judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte 
di Cassazione) have held that such practices may not be defined as customary practices. Consequently if 
Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be 
upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage 
Loans may be prejudiced. Therefore, potential investors should be aware of the potential negative impact of 
application by the merits courts of such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code on the recoveries and cash flows 
of the Issuer. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 
(“Decree No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 
February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date 
on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest 
is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. Law 
No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has 
declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of 
accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Finally, article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest shall 
not produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the principal 
amount. On 8 August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and 
Finance, in his quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated 
Banking Act, has been published. Given the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such 
new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and may have a potential negative 
impact on the Portfolio. Indeed, if Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that such interpretation 
of the Italian civil code would be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns 
generated from the relevant Mortgage Loans may be prejudiced. The occurrence of such event shall reduce the 
amount of collections and recoveries of the Guarantor with a negative impact of its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Mortgage borrower protection  
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant applicable laws and 
regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a 
penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage 
loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under 
mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the 
right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) 
the automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, 
both individuals and businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the 
relevant laws and regulations. 
In addition to the above, following the COVID-19 outbreak in Italy, further measures have been adopted, aimed 
at sustaining income of employees, the self-employed, self-employed professionals, micro and small/medium 
enterprises, including suspension of instalments payment.  
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Portfolio could be subject to suspension of 
payments, as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not be 
predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could affect the ability 
of the issuer to pay timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the activities necessary for the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
servicing of the Portfolio.  
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 126”) 
which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans granted for 
the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and the 
ABI entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of such floating rate mortgage 
loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also 
further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the 
Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be 
recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied 
under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original 
final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated 
or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment 
due after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). 
The difference between the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount 
that the borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to 
a bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 (ten) 
IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage 
loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such 
bank account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank 
account will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from the 
renegotiation, and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable 
on the bank account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a 
fixed amount, on the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The legislation referred to in each subparagraph under section “Mortgage borrower protection” above 
constitutes an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the 
Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required. 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016 (the “Mortgage Legislative 
Decree”), implementing the Directive (EU) 2014/17 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 
2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directive 
2008/48/EC and Directive (EU) 2013/36 and Regulation (EU) 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) 
setting out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of 
the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise 
relating to residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) residential 
mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights on a residential 
immovable assets. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and information 
undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the consumers and provides 
that without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian civil code, the parties may expressly agree in a specific clause 
at the closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the 
agreement (i.e. non- payment of an amount equal to eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) 
the transfer or the sale of the mortgaged assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the 
value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due

--- Page 51 ---
51 
by the debtor in relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or the proceeds deriving 
from the sale of the assets is higher than the remaining amount due by the debtor, the excess amount shall be 
returned to the consumer. According to the Mortgage Legislative Decree the Bank of Italy and the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance shall enact implementing provisions of such decree. In this respect, on 30 September 
2016, the Bank of Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on transparency and correctness in the 
relationships between intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in materia di trasparenza delle 
operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti) of 29 July 2009, 
as subsequently amended, in order to implement the transparency provisions of laid down by the Mortgage 
Credit Directive and by the Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree, while on January 2018 the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance has submitted to public consultation the draft of the Interministerial Decree implementing the 
Mortgage Legislative Decree. The final version of the Interministerial Decree has not yet been published. 
Therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to fully predict its impact. 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Limited secondary market for the Covered Bonds 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and there can 
be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop. The Covered 
Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or entities in the United States of America or 
registered under any securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfers 
thereof as set forth under "Subscription and Sale". If an active or liquid secondary market develops, it may not 
continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may be sensitive to changes in financial markets or it may not 
provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not 
be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to 
realise a desired yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed liquid secondary market. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these 
circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such 
Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Covered 
Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted 
by country specific reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered 
Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may 
impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange 
rate. Governments may use a variety of techniques, such as intervention by a country’s central bank, the 
imposition of regulatory controls or taxes or changes in interest rates to influence the exchange rates of their 
currencies. Governments may also alter the exchange rate or relative exchange characteristics by a devaluation 
or revaluation of a currency. There can be no assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit 
payments of principal or interest denominated in any such Specified Currency. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time

--- Page 52 ---
52 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address the expectation of timely payment of interest and principal 
on the Covered Bonds on or before any payment date falling one year after the Maturity Date. 
According to Fitch, the ratings that may or may not be assigned to the Covered Bonds address the expected 
loss that Covered Bondholders may suffer.  
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Covered 
Bonds. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Covered Bonds will be treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and registered or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the Rating Agency, the 
credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds 
is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional 
support or credit enhancement with respect to the Covered Bonds. As a result, the market value of the Covered 
Bonds may reduce. 
Furthermore, in accordance with the current rating criteria of each of the Rating Agency, the rating of the 
Covered Bonds may be linked, under certain circumstances, to the then current rating of the Issuer. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation, unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation, unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Risks relating to controls over the transaction 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer aimed at, inter alia, 
limiting the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied 
with. Whilst the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the 
relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the 
aforesaid controls are actually performed. Moreover, any failure to properly implement the respective policies 
and controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's ability to perform their obligations 
under the Covered Bonds and, ultimately, negatively affect their ability to pay interest and repay principal on 
the Covered Bonds. 
Risks relating to changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds is based on Italian law (and, in the case of the Swap Agreements 
and the Deed of Charge, English law) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible change to Italian or English law or administrative practice or to the law 
applicable to any Transaction Document and to administrative practices in the relevant jurisdiction or that any 
such change will not negatively impact the structure of the Programme and the treatment of the Covered Bonds. 
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus 
containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to

--- Page 53 ---
53 
reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directive (EU) 2009/65/EC 
and Directive (EU) 2014/59 (the “Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the 
“Regulation”). 
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and introduce 
standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in particular, the new 
Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for 
favorable capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered 
bonds across EU Member States. The Regulation applies from 8 July 2022. 
On 10 February 2022, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation amending liquidity 
coverage rules for covered bond issuers amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (the “LCR Delegated 
Regulation”) to supplement the CRR on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) requirements. The LCR Delegated 
Regulation is applicable since 8 July 2022 to all credit institutions, including those issuing covered bonds, and 
it permits credit institutions to treat liquid assets held as part of the cover pool liquidity buffer as unencumbered 
up to the amount of net liquidity outflows from the associated covered bond programme.  
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) has entered into 
force. It delegated the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 has been transposed into the Italian legal framework by Decree 190/2021, which 
designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds, which 
was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the Title I-bis of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law, as amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, 
the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered 
bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022.  
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 
February 2023, on 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. Such 
amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the definition of (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the 
conditions for issuing new issuance programmes and the interim discipline regarding new issues under 
issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 2023; (iv) the possibility also to banks with credit rating 
3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes. 
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did not 
exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower the 
threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty recent amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations 
and the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus 
possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes may need to 
be reflected in the Programme (including in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to 
continue to be compliant with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, in addition to any other 
regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can be no 
assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction described 
in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable law or regulation, nor 
can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to 
meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Risks relating to the applicable regulatory framework 
The Issuer is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by the 
relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both 
aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and 
practice developments. 
Furthermore and among others, Banco Desio – as a bank - is subject to the Directive (EU) 2014/59, that is the 
so-called Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”), as implemented in the Italian legal framework. 
Moreover, the Issuer is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Issuer, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial and 
banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and consumer 
protection.Although the Issuer undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the 
rules and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities 
could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative impacts on the operational 
results and the economic and financial situation of the Issuer. 
For further details, please see the "Certain regulatory aspects relating to the Issuer" on page 152 of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information, which has 
been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been or 
are filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin: 
(a) 
Issuer’s press release dated 9 May 2023 on the consolidated results as at 31 March 2023, available on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Banco_Desio_consolidated_results_at_31_ma
rch_2023.pdf 
(b) 
Issuer’s press release dated 12 April 2023 on the confirmation by the Bank of Italy of its decision on 
capital at the conclusion of its periodic prudential review process (s.c. SREP), available on the following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Srep_Requirements-
The_Bank_of_Italy_has_announced_its_decision_on_capital_ratios_on_conclusion_of_the_supervisory_re
view_process.pdf 
(c) 
Issuer’s press release dated 30 March 2023 on the confirmation of the ratings assigned to the Issuer, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Banco_Desio-Fitch_confirms_the_rating.pdf 
(d) 
Issuer’s press release dated 17 February 2023 on the closing of a transaction involving the acquisition 
by the Issuer of 48 branches from the BPER Group, available on the following website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Banco_Desio-
Closing_finalised_for_the_acquisition_of_48_branches_from_the_Bper_Group.pdf 
(e) 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/financial-statements-ad-reports-31-december-2022 
(f) 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/Annual_Financial_Report_at_31_December_2021_C
lean_0.pdf 
(g) 
the non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 
December 
2022, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/Desio_OBG_Bilancio_2022_Completo_ENG.pdf  
(h) 
the non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 
December 
2021, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/DESIO_OBG_2021_eng2.pdf 
(i) 
Terms and Conditions the Rules of the Organization of the Covered Bondholders set out under the Base 
Prospectus 
approved 
on 
26 
July 
2022, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/Banco_Desio_OBG_Prospectus_26_07_2022.pdf  
Such documents shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in information which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated financial statements referred to above, together with the audit reports thereon, are 
available both in the original in Italian language and in English language. The English language versions 
represent a direct translation from the Italian language documents. The Issuer and the Guarantor are 
responsible for the English translations of the financial reports incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus as applicable and declare that such is an accurate and not misleading translation in all material

--- Page 56 ---
56 
respects of the Italian language version of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's financial reports. 
Copies of documents containing information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be 
obtained 
from 
the 
registered 
office 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Issuer's 
websites 
(https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/yearly-and-interim-reports 
and 
https://www.bancodesio.it/it/content/documentazione-programma-di-emissione). This Base Prospectus will 
also be available on Euronext Dublin's web site (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
Cross-reference List 
The following table shows, inter alia, the information required under Annex VII, of the Prospectus Regulation 
(in respect of the Issuer and the Guarantor) that can be found in the above-mentioned financial statements 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
 
 
 
 
Press release dated 9 May 2023 headed “Consolidated 
results at 31 March 2023” 
Pages 
26 - 31 
 
Press release dated 12 April 2023 headed “SREP 
Requirements: The Bank of Italy has announced its decision 
on capital ratios on conclusion of the supervisory review 
process ("SREP”)” 
Page 
1 
 
Press release dated 30 April 2023 headed “Banco Desio: 
Fitch confirms the rating” 
Page 
1 
 
Press release dated 17 February 2023 headed “Banco Desio: 
closing finalised for the acquisition of 48 branches from the 
BPER Group” 
Page 
1 
 
Issuer’s Reports and Accounts  
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
Auditors' Report 
Pages   
261 
- 
268 
285 - 
292 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages   
59 
- 
60 
62 - 
64 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Pages   
61 
65 
 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive Income 
Pages   
62 
66 
 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Pages   
63 - 64 
67 - 
68 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages   
65 
69 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes  
Pages 
 
67 
- 
258 
71 - 
282 
 
Direct funding from banks 
Pages 
 
141 
154 
 
Direct funding from customers 
Pages 
 
142 
155 
 
Loans to banks 
Pages 
 
256 
- 
257 
280 - 
281 
 
Loans to Customers 
Pages 
 
257 
- 
258 
281 - 
282

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Indirect funding 
Pages 
 
32 
- 
33 
31 - 32 
 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Pages 
 
149 - 
150 
161 - 162 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Audited non consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
 
 
2021 
2022 
 
Auditors' Report 
Pages 
 
554 
- 
561 
553 - 
559 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 
 
320 - 
328 
337 
- 
345 
 
Income Statement 
Pages 
 
323 
340 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 
 
325 
- 
326 
342-
343 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 
 
327 
344 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 
 
329 
- 
551 
346 - 
550 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor’s Reports and Accounts 
 
 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 
on 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
Page 
33 – 34 of 53  
Income Statement 
Page 
34 of 53 
 
Cash flow Statement 
Page 
35 of 53 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 
36 – 49 of 
53 
 
Audit Report 
Pages 
50 – 53 of 
53 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor’s Reports and Accounts 
 
 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 
on 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
Page 
33 – 34 of 53  
Income Statement 
Page 
34 - 35 of 
53 
 
Cash flow Statement 
Page 
36 of 53 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 
36 – 49 of 
53 
 
Audit Report 
Pages 50 – 53 of 53

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the information not listed in the cross-reference list 
above are not incorporated by reference and are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus.  
Terms and Conditions the Rules of the Organization of the Covered Bondholders set out under the Base 
Prospectus approved on 30 July 2022 
The following table shows, inter alia, the information that can be found in the above-mentioned documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Base prospectus approved on 30 July 2022 
Terms and Conditions of Covered Bonds  
 
 
Pages 66 - 119 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders  
 
Pages 120 - 146 
 
The terms and conditions and the rules of the organisation of the covered bondholders set out under the base 
prospectus 
approved 
on 
30 
July 
2022 
are 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/Banco_Desio_OBG_Prospectus_26_07_2022.pdf 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the information not listed in the cross-reference list 
above are not incorporated by reference and are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus.  
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Covered Bonds on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin, that if there shall occur any adverse change in the business or financial position of the Issuer or any 
change in the information set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, that is material in the 
context of issuance of Covered Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions" and, each of them, 
a "Condition"). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the "Covered 
Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bond will be held by Euronext 
Securities Milan (as defined below) on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption and cancellation for 
the account of each relevant ESM Account Holder. Euronext Securities Milan shall act as depository for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form and title to the bonds be 
evidenced by book entries with Euronext Securities Milan in accordance with the provisions of (i) Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy 
dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter 
alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, these 
Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify 
issue-specific details not known on the date of approval which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, complete the Conditions for the purpose of such Tranche. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. (“Banco Desio” or the "Issuer") has established a Covered Bond 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds") guaranteed by Desio OBG S.r.l. (the "Guarantor"). 
Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Title 1-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the "Securitisation and Covered Bond Law"), and Part III, Chapter 3 of 
the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which 
completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated 19 July 2017 (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time) (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor for the 
purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series 
issued under the Programme and to the Other Issuer Creditors. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be 
collateralised by a cover pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the issue price 
specified in the Final Terms for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a programme 
agreement dated 19 July 2017 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the "Programme 
Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the dealer(s) named therein (the "Dealers"), as supplemented (if applicable) by a 
subscription agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined

--- Page 60 ---
60 
below) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms (the "Subscription Agreement"). In the 
Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as 
representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the "Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders"), as described in Condition 12 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement 
In a mandate agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and Euronext 
Securities Milan, the latter has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain depository and administration 
services in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
(f) 
Master Definitions Agreement 
In a master definitions agreement dated 19 July 2017 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) 
(the "Master Definitions Agreement") between certain of the parties to each of the Transaction 
Documents (as defined below), the definitions of certain terms used in the Transaction Documents have 
been agreed. 
(g) 
The Covered Bonds 
Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to 
the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all references to "each Series 
of Covered Bonds" are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) 
each other Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains outstanding from 
time to time. 
(h) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
The Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, 
these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the "Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders" include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions 
contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(i) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents and are subject to 
their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents and the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction Documents are 
available for inspection by the Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, at the 
Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent (as defined below). 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
Unless defined under Condition 1 (Introduction) above, in these Conditions the following expressions 
have the following meanings: 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Expenses Account, the Quota Capital Account, the Guarantor Payment 
Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account, the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap 
Collateral Securities Account (if any), the Securities Account (if any) and any other account opened from 
time to time in connection with the Programme but excluding any account related to swap collection. 
"Account Bank" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Milan Branch, in its capacity as 
account bank, or any other depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Affected Receivables” has the meaning ascribed to the definition of “Crediti Colpiti” under art. 
8.1(Payment of Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Agents” means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Corporate Servicer. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation Date 
following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the principal amount 
of the issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Arranger" means BNP Paribas.  
“Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 
Event has been revoked.  
“Asset Monitor” means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor, or any other entity that 
may be appointed as such, pursuant to the engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on 19 July 
2017 and to the Asset Monitor Agreement entered on the same date. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the asset monitor agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between, 
inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
"Asset Swap Agreements" means any asset swap agreement that may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and a counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement. 
“Asset Swap Provider” means any counterparty under any Asset Swap Agreement that may be entered 
into. 
“Attività Finanziarie Deteriorate” or “AFD” means any Receivable which has been classified as "attività 
finanziarie deteriorate" pursuant to the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 of 30 July 2008 containing 
the "Matrice dei Conti", as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity which may be 
appointed by the Guarantor, with the approval by Representative of the Covered Bondholders, pursuant 
to Clause 7 (Back-Up Servicer) of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
“Back-up Servicing Agreement” means the back-up servicing agreement entered into, inter alios, by the 
Guarantor and the Back-up Servicer on 29 July 2020 and any other back-up servicing agreement which 
may be entered into by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
"Back-Up Servicer Facilitator" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its capacity as 
back-up servicer facilitator of the Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
“Banco Desio” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means the supervisory instructions of the 
Bank of Italy relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of the 
Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended and supplemented, containing the 
"Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche". 
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered Bonds 
and the establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from time to time. 
“Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time), containing the regulations of the “Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code” (Codice della Crisi d’Impresa e dell’Insolvenza). 
“Business Day” means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means that 
the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is 
a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be brought back to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each Relevant 
Date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the 
calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the Relevant Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date” means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the second Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) the first day of 
the month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month until such time the 
relevant breach of Test has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, management and 
payments agreement, entered into on or about 19 July 2017 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent and the Account Bank, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Cash Manager” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., acting as cash manager pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Cash Manager Report” means the cash manager report provided by the Cash Manager in accordance 
with the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg, with offices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance in respect of the 
Mortgage Loan and excluding Mortgages) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or 
secure the payment and/or repayment of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgages Loan 
Agreements. 
"Collection Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN IT72A0343201600002212123975 and any other Italian collection account which 
shall be opened by the Guarantor upon any entity part of the Desio Group becoming part of the 
Programme as Seller and Subordinated Lender, for the purpose of crediting therein collections pertaining 
to the portfolios transferred to the Guarantor by such entity in its capacity as Seller. 
“Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December.  
“Collection Period” means each quarterly period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of 
January, April, July and October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of March, June, 
September and December and, in the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (and including) 
the Valuation Date and ending on (and including) the 30 September 2017. 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Master Servicer in respect of the Receivables 
comprised in the Cover Pool.  
"Commingling Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an 
amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an 
amount calculated by the Issuer on a monthly basis equal to the maximum of the total amount of 
Collections and Recoveries expected to be credited to the Collection Account on the following 3 (three) 
calendar months and considering a 10 per cent cumulative prepayment ratio. 
“Commission Regulation No. 809/2004” means the Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of 29 
April 2004, implementing the Prospectus Directive, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in schedule 2 (Criteri Comuni per la selezione ed 
identificazione dei Crediti) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement.  
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a clause of 
them. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Consolidated Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its capacity as corporate 
servicer of the Guarantor pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
“Corporate Services Agreement means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about the 
Transfer Date, between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor. 
“Covered Bonds” means each Series of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to be 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Programme Agreement. 
“Covered Bond Guarantee” means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing 
the payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of 
Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond 
Instalment Date, the date falling seven Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment Date; 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is evidenced 
in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets held by the Guarantor 
in accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations. 
“Cover Pool Management Agreement” means the cover pool management agreement entered into on 19 
July 2017 between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, and the Asset Monitor, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Cover Pool for Statutory Tests” means, for the purpose of the calculation of the Statutory Test, the 
aggregate amount of Eligible Assets (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts) included 
in the Cover Pool provided that (i) any Attività Finanziaria Deteriorata (“AFD”) and any Defaulted 
Receivable will be excluded and (ii) any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the 
Latest Valuation exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129 of the CRR, will be calculated up 
to an amount of principal which – taking into account the Latest Valuation of the relevant Real Estate 
Asset – allows the compliance with such percentage limit. 
“CRD IV Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Relevant Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA) " is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
1. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
2. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 








360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y














360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y








--- Page 66 ---
66 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period. 
"Dealer(s)" means BNP Paribas and any other entity which may be nominated as such by the Issuer upon 
execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 (Form of Dealer 
Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement. 
"Debtor" means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage 
Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the payment or repayment of 
amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, inter alia, of having granted any Collateral 







360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y








--- Page 67 ---
67 
Security or having assumed the borrower's obligation pursuant to a Mortgage Loan Agreement under an 
accollo, or otherwise. 
"Decree No. 239" means Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge entered into on 19 July 2017 between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors) in order to create security over the rights of the Guarantor arising 
under the Swap Agreements, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge to be entered into between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and of the 
Other Creditors), as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
"Defaulted Receivable" means a Receivable arising from a Mortgage Loan Agreement included in the 
Cover Pool which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or which has been classified as 
a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Delinquent Receivable” means any Receivable in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more Instalments 
due and not paid by the relevant Debtor for more than 31 days and which has not been classified as 
Defaulted Receivable.  
“Desio Group” means a banking group whose structure includes Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. as 
parent company. 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Downgrade Termination Event” has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Liability Swap Agreement. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series. 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of 
such Series. 
“Eligible Assets” means the assets contemplated under article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law. 
“Eligible Cover Pool” means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets (including any sum standing to the 
credit of the Accounts) included in the Cover Pool provided that (i) any Defaulted Receivable will be 
excluded and (ii) any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the Latest Valuation 
exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129 paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR, will be 
calculated up to an amount of principal which - taking into account the Latest Valuation of the relevant 
Real Estate Asset - allows the compliance with such percentage limit;  
“Eligible Institution” means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of the 
European Union or of the United States (to the extent that United States are a country for which a 0% risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised 
approach), (i) whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated 
at least "F1" by Fitch or (ii) whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least “A" by Fitch or in case of Account Bank the Deposit Rating (if any) is at least 
“A" by Fitch or any other lower rating that do not affect the current rating of the outstanding Covered 
Bonds, provided however that any such bank qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 
129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in the European Union and (b) the exposure vis-à-vis 
such entity have a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, in which case it may qualify at least 
for the the “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR and it being understood that,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
in case the Account Bank is an unrated branch of a rated parent bank, the Deposit Rating (if any) of the 
rated parent bank is not automatically assigned to the unrated branch if the unrated branch operates 
outside the rated parent bank’s country of incorporation. 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments 
(including without limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) which: 
a) 
are denominated in Euro; 
b) 
have a maturity not exceeding the next following Eligible Investment Maturity Date or which are 
repayable on demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty; 
c) 
(except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other financial 
instruments (i) rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of 
the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) rated AA- and/or F1+ by 
Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity 
Date and 365 calendar days; or 
d) 
in the case of a deposits, to the extent that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible Institution at 
its branch located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the relevant maturity is up 
to the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days or (ii) any 
depository institution located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom rated AA- and/or 
F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment 
Maturity Date and 365 calendar days, 
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of Covered 
Bond and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the 
initially invested amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do not consist, 
in whole or in part, actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may any amount 
available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-backed 
securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and (iii) the relevant 
exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of 
exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the european union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-
hundred) days, it may qualify at least for “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the 
CRR. 
"Eligible Investment Maturity Date" means the third Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“ESM Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with 
Article 83-quater of the Financial Law Consolidated Act. 
“EURIBOR” means (i) the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from time 
to time pursuant to the Transaction Documents, or (ii) if such rate is unavailable at such time for Euro 
deposits, then the rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated pursuant to Condition 6 (j) 
(Fallback Provisions). 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt 
the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Euro Equivalent” means has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B- 1210 
Bruxelles. 
“Euronext Securities Mandate Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date between the Issuer and Euronext Securities Milan.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
“Euronext Securities Milan” means Euronext Securities Milan, having its registered office at Piazza degli 
Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“European Economic Area” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Receivables" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Test Calculation Date, those 
Receivables the aggregate Outstanding Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of which 
the Portfolios comprised in the Cover Pool are in excess of any Eligible Assets necessary to satisfy all 
Tests on the relevant Test Calculation Date; minus (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal of those 
Receivables indicated by the Master Servicer as Affected Receivables pursuant to the provisions of clause 
8.1 (Payment of Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement.  
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third party 
creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer Creditors and the Other Creditors) 
arising in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid in order to preserve the existence of 
the Guarantor or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN IT49B0343201600002212123976, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond 
Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Expiry Date" means the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their terms and conditions."Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption 
payments in relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the 
extension of the relevant Maturity Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms.  
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
seven Business Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
"Facility" means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of clause 2 
(Il Finanziamento) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Final Maturity Date” means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in full or 
cancelled.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of 
such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms contained 
in the applicable Transaction Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue Date of the 
applicable Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Financial Law Consolidated Act” or “Financial Law” means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 
1998 as amended from time to time. 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited - Sede Secondaria Italiana. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Further Criteria" means the criteria identified in accordance with clause 2.4.3 (Criteri Ulteriori) of the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available 
Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, 
but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered 
Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable to 
the Covered Bondholders under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer)) and (ii) the Other Issuer 
Creditors pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
“Guaranteed Obligations” means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the Guaranteed 
Amounts. 
“Guarantor" means Desio OBG S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.  
“Guarantor Available Funds” means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal Available 
Funds. 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. acting as guarantor 
calculation agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement; 
“Guarantor Default Notice” means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor and the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
“Guarantor Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of Default).  
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Milan Branch, acting in 
its capacity as guarantor paying agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the 27th day of each January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day 
on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Period” means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the second immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Guarantor Payments Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor and held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT03D0343201600002212123978 or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting and Accounting Standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standard Board (IASB). 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable 
by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than one calendar day. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the 
Guarantor from the Seller (or any other entity prior to its merger by incorporation into the Seller) pursuant

--- Page 71 ---
71 
to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as defined 
in the Consolidated Banking Act or is otherwise declared insolvent; and 
(B) 
in respect of any company, entity, or corporation other than the Issuer that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable procedure of 
judicial liquidation, liquidation, administrative compulsory liquidation, any insolvency 
proceedings pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time (including, inter alia 
and by way of example, pursuant to and for the purposes of the Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code), instrument or measure for the regulation of crisis and insolvency 
(including, without limitation, and merely by way of example, the "concordato preventivo", 
“piano di ristrutturazione soggetto a omologazione”, “accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti”, 
as well as the “piano attestato di risanamento” pursuant to the Business Crisis and 
Insolvency Code), insolvency and/or restructuring procedures or procedures or similar 
instruments/measures pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time (including, 
but not limited to, application for liquidation, restructuring, dissolution procedures, access 
to any of the measures set forth in the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code) or the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are 
subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case 
of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of 
further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a 
legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement (and/or access to) of any of the proceedings under 
(i) above is made in respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are 
otherwise initiated against such company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a 
legal adviser selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed 
in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of 
any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors 
under the Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in 
respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or 
applies for suspension of payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under 
article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or 
corporation (except in any such case a winding-up, corporate reorganization or other 
proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
“Insolvency Official” means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency procedure

--- Page 72 ---
72 
which may be opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment. 
“Insurance Companies” means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
“Insurance Policies” means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in relation to 
each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the intercreditor agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
interest collected by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant Service Provider in respect of the 
Cover Pool and credited into the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Calculation Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant 
Service Provider and credited to the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Calculation Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts (excluding the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account) 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(iv) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(v) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap 
Provider under the Swap Agreements in the nature of interest (other than for the avoidance of 
doubt any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts); 
(vi) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement; 
(vii) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account;  
(viii) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor 
Available Funds and other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any party 
to the Transaction Documents; and 
(ix) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bond or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest Coverage Test) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates determined in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
“Investor Report Date” means the date falling 2 (two) Business Days after each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on 
or prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Master Servicer, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Issuer 
Paying Agent, setting out certain information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool.  
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a Interest Payment Date (or, in case of 
the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date (or, in case of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
"Issuer Downgrading Event" means (i) with reference to the Potential Set-Off Amount, the Issuer being 
downgraded below “BBB-” or “F3” by the Rating Agency and (ii) with reference to the Commingling 
Amount, the Issuer being downgraded below “BB+” (long term) or “B” (short term) by the Rating Agency. 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset the most recent valuation of 
the relevant property performed in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s “New regulations for the prudential 
supervision of banks” (Circular No. 263 of 27 December 2006, as from time to time amended). 
"Liability Swap Agreements" means the swap agreements that may be entered into on or about each Issue 
Date between the Guarantor and a liability swap provider. 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a liability swap provider to the Guarantor pursuant 
to a Liability Swap Agreement. 
“Liquidity Reserve Requirement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.7 (Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Loan Event of Default" means any of the events specified as such in clause 8 (Eventi Rilevanti - 
Decadenza dal Beneficio del Termine) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"LTV" means, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined as the ratio between 
the Outstanding Principal Balance and the Latest Valuation of the relevant Real Estate Assets relating to 
the relevant Mortgage Loan. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from time

--- Page 74 ---
74 
to time. 
"Margin" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Final Terms. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means the master definitions agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into on 5 July 
2017 between the Guarantor and the Seller, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Master Servicer” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. in its capacity master servicer pursuant to 
the Master Servicing Agreement. 
“Master Servicer Quarterly Report” means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Master Servicer 
in accordance with the provisions of the Master Servicing Agreement.  
"Master Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca del 
mandato del Master Servicer) of the Master Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate 
the Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Master Servicing Agreement" means the master servicing agreement entered into on 5 July 2017 
between the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Master Servicer, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time.  
“Maturity Date” means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered Bonds 
become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the Extended Maturity 
Date. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Member State” means a member State of the European Union. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Monthly Master Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Master Servicer on each 
Monthly Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the 
relevant Collection Period, prepared in accordance with the Master Servicing Agreement and delivered by 
the Master Servicer, inter alios, to the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor. 
"Monthly Master Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
date falling on the thirteenth calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
“Monthly Test Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing 
that a breach of Tests has occurred, the 20th day of the month immediately following the date on which 
such Test Performance Report was sent and, thereafter, the 20th day of each month until the end of the 
relevant Test Grace Period in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, or, if any such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
“Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement out of which the 
Receivables arise. 
“Mortgage Loan” means a Residential Mortgage Loan. 
“Mortgages” means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant 
to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in favour 
of the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a Mortgage Loan,

--- Page 75 ---
75 
and/or his/her successor in interest. 
“Negative Carry Factor” means “0.5%” or such other percentage procured by the Issuer on behalf of the 
Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to the Test Calculation 
Agent. 
“Net Present Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present Value Test) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Net Present Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolios), comprising Eligible 
Assets, which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to 
the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Nominal Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Obligations” means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Transaction 
Documents. 
“Offer Date" means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) Business Days prior to 
each Transfer Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, organised 
pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
"Other Creditors" means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Master Servicer, the Back-
Up Servicer Facilitator, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Stitching Corporate Servicer, the Asset Swap Providers, the 
Liability Swap Provider, the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, the Back-up Servicer and any 
other creditors which may, from time to time, be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying Agent, any 
Liability Swap Provider, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor which may from time to time 
be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum of all (i) 
Principal Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due at such 
date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, where 
applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of such 
Series or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II (Meetings of the 
Covered Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders, the principal 
amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of (where applicable) all such Series held by, or by 
any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means any principal balance outstanding in respect of a Mortgage Loan 
or any principal balance outstanding or in respect of a Series of Covered Bond, as the case may be. 
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement on the second Business Day 
prior to each Guarantor Payment Date with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
“Pledged Accounts” means the Swap Collateral Cash Account and any future account that might be 
pledged in the context of the Programme . 
“Portfolio” means the portfolios transferred by Banco Desio to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement it being understood that the Portfolio of the Seller will include other portfolios 
of Eligible Assets transferred to the Guarantor from other sellers merged into the Seller. 
“Portfolio Manager” means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 (Portfolio Manager) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Potential Set-Off Amount” means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an 
amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an 
amount of the Cover Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit 
owed by any such Debtor towards the Seller. Such amount will be calculated by the Test Calculation 
Agent (based on the aggregate information provided by the Master Servicer) on a quarterly basis on each 
Test Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of 
an Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder.  
"Principal Available Funds" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant Service Provider in 
respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the Collection Account net of the amounts applied to

--- Page 77 ---
77 
purchase Eligible Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant 
Service Provider and credited to the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Calculation Date; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement;  
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal and any disinvestments of Eligible Assets;  
(v) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately preceding 
Collection Date; 
(vi) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(vii) 
any payment made under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts 
and payments in the nature of interest;  
(viii) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the 
Collection Accounts; 
(ix) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments; and 
(x) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of 
a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
“Principal Instalment” means the principal component of each Instalment. 
“Priority of Payments” means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments or the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as the case may be. 
“Privacy Law” means (i) the EU Regulation n. 679/2016 (“General Data Protection Regulation” – “GDPR”); 
(ii) the Italian Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, modified or 
supplemented; as well as (iii) any regulations, guidelines and provisions, from time to time applicable, 
concerning the protection of personal data, adopted by the Supervisory Authority or other competent 
authority. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law. 
“Programme Agreement” means the programme agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Dealers, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Programme Amount” means € 3,000,000,000.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
attached to these Conditions. 
"Prospectus" means the prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered Bonds and the 
establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from time to time. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time.  
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 
December 2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche) as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Purchase Price" means, in relation to the Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio transferred by the Seller, 
the consideration paid by the Guarantor to the Seller for the transfer thereof, calculated in accordance 
with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in Condition 7 (f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form set out in schedule 5 
to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, or such other form which may, from time 
to time, be agreed between the Issuer and the Issuer Paying Agent or Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
"Quarterly Master Servicer's Report" means the quarterly report delivered by the Master Servicer on each 
Quarterly Master Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables 
during the relevant Collection Periods prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered 
by the Servicer to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Rating Agency. 
"Quarterly Master Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
the date falling on the 14th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year or if such day 
is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day and (b) following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“Quotaholders' Agreement” means the agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between Banco di Desio 
e della Brianza S.p.A., Stichting Morricone, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Quotaholders” means each of Stichting Morricone and Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A.. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
“Quota Capital Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., IT 44 D 03266 61620 000014006035 for the deposit of the 
Quota Capital. 
 “Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
these Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating Agency" means Fitch. 
“Real Estate Assets” means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure the 
Receivables and each of them the “Real Estate Asset”.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the Mortgage 
Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant Transfer 
Date; 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on the 
Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses (but excluding any collection expenses 
applicable to the Instalments) and in relation to any losses, costs, indemnities and damages and 
any other amount due to the Seller in relation to the Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan 
Agreements, including penalties and any other amount due to the Seller in the case of prepayments 
of the Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance related thereto, including the rights 
in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other possible expenses incurred in 
connection with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in relation to the Mortgage Loans 
up to and as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in respect 
of the Mortgage Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to any liens 
(vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o 
garanzie personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the 
fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with 
the Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee granted in favour of the Seller in connection 
with the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
“Receivables In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any Receivable which has one or more 
instalment that has become due and payable by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained 
unpaid for more than one calendar day. 
“Receiver” means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver appointed in accordance with clause 
7 (Appointment of Receiver) of the Deed of Charge. 
“Records” means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Recoveries” means any amounts received or recovered by the Master Servicer or by each Service Provider 
in accordance with the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Loans and 
any Deliquent Receivable. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other clearing system (other 
than Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been 
so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders. 
"Relevant Dealer(s) " means, in relation to a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement 
(whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and 
the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its 
capacity as representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Conditions and the Final Terms of 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Reserve Fund Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank IBAN IT26C0343201600002212123977, or such other substitute account as may 
be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Reserve Fund Amount" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a 
Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of the net amount due 
to the Liability Swap Provider or the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if 
Liability Swap Agreements are not in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts 
accruing will be the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Liability Swap 
Agreements are in place for a portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing 
will be the sum of (i) for the portion of the Series covered by the Liability Swap Agreement, the 
higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider and the amount due to the Covered

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest amounts accruing will 
be the proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series) in each case as calculated 
by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the 
service of an Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the 
second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant Calculation Date in respect of the items 
(First)(a) to (Third) (each inclusive) of the Pre- Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
plus  
(ii) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order 
to create an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement are met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
"Residential Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan" means the loans secured by residential mortgage meeting the requirements 
of article 129, paragraph 1, letter d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bond Law (as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any mortgage loan agreement out of which Receivables 
arise and secured by mortgage over Residential Assets. 
“Retention Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
“Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” or "Rules" means the rules of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own 
capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Master Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Stichting Corporate Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, any Asset Swap Provider(s), any Liability 
Swap Provider(s), the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, together with any other entity 
acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Securities Account” means the account which may be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets represented by bonds, 
debentures, notes or other financial instruments in book entry form in accordance with and subject to 
the conditions of the Cash, Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Securitisation and Covered Bond Law” means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as amended from 
time to time. 
“Security” means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
“Security Interest” means:  
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or other account 
may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect discharge or 
any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(c) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Seller” means Banco Desio pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which at the 
relevant time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
“Specific Criteria” means (i) with respect to each Initial Portfolio, the criteria listed in Schedule 3 to the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement, or (ii) with respect to each New Portfolio, the criteria listed in Annex 
A of the relevant Transfer Notice of the New Portfolio. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" means with respect to the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent Piazza Lina Bo 
Bardi 3, Milan, with respect to the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent and Issuer Paying Agent Via 
Rovagnati, 1, Desio (MB), Italy, and with respect to the Guarantor Calculation Agent and Corporate 
Servicer Via V. Alfieri, 1, Conegliano (TV), Italy . 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Statutory Tests” means such tests provided for under article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and namely: (i) the Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the 
Interest Coverage Test, as further defined under Clause 2 (Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Tests) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Stichting Corporate Servicer” means Wilmington Trust Sp Services (London) Limited. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Euronext Dublin. 
“Subordinated Lender” means the Seller, in its capacity as subordinated lender pursuant to the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan" means each loan made or to be made available to the Guarantor under the Facility 
or the principal amount outstanding for the time being of that loan, in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into between the 
Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor. 
“Subscription Agreements” means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date 
of each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Substitute Master Servicer" means the successor to the Master Servicer which may be appointed by the 
Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a Master Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 (Back-up 
Servicer) of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to such term it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, Liability Swap Agreement and any 
other swap agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Transaction Documents aimed at: 
(i) altering the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of a Swap Provider if compared to the 
position of the Covered Bondholders, (ii) changing a payment date under a Swap Agreement; (iii) 
providing a reduction or cancellation or increase in the payments due under a Swap Agreement; (iv) 
altering the currency for each relevant payment under a Swap Agreement; (v) extending the termination 
date under the Swap Agreement and (vi) modifying this definition.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
“Swap Collateral” means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Providers to the Guarantor 
in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap Collateral 
Securities Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral securities account and any 
other collateral account that may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with an account 
bank on which each Swap Collateral in the form of cash and/or securities and will be posted in accordance 
with the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Cash Account” means the Euro denominated collateral account established in the name 
of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT77E0343201600002212123979, or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts” means, in respect of a Swap Agreement, an amount (which will be 
transferred directly and outside the Priorities of Payments to the relevant Swap Provider as calculated in 
accordance with the Swap Agreement) equal to the amount (i) by which the value of the Swap Collateral 
provided by the Swap Provider to the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement (and accrued interest 
and any distributions received in respect thereof) exceeds the Swap Provider’s liability (if any) under the 
Swap Agreement upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement (such liability for the avoidance of 
doubt shall be calculated prior to any netting of an Unpaid Amount and shall be determined in 
accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement except that, for the purpose of this definition only, 
the value of the collateral will not be applied as an unpaid amount owed by the Guarantor to the Swap 
Provider) or (ii) which the Swap Provider is otherwise entitled to have returned to it from time to time 
under the terms of the Swap Agreement including any Return Amount as defined in the credit support 
annex forming part of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account which may be established in 
the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
“Swap Providers” means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and the 
providers of any other swap agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
“Test Calculation Agent” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., acting as test calculation agent or 
any other institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Test Calculation Date" means the date which falls 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor 
Payment Date. The first Test Calculation Date will fall on 24 October 2017. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the breach of a 
test is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the 1st Monthly Test Calculation Date. 
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered, not later than each Test Calculation Date 
(or Monthly Test Calculation Date, after the occurance of a breach of Test), by the Test Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
"Total Commitment" with respect to the Subordinated Lender, has the meaning ascribed to such term 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
“Tranche” means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final Terms 
relates, each such tranche forming part of a Series. 
“Transaction Documents” means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Master Servicing Agreement, 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the 
Quotaholders' Agreement, the Stichting Corporate Services Agreement, the Conditions, each Final Terms, 
the Deed of Charge, the Deed of Pledge, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Back-up Servicing 
Agreement and any other agreement entered into from time to time in connection with the Programme. 
“Transfer Agreement” means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New Portfolio 
entered into in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Transfer Date” means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, 5 July 2017; and (ii) with respect to New 
Portfolios, the date designated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Transfer Notice” means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be sent by the 
Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Unpaid Amount” has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Liability Swap Agreement. 
“Valuation Date” means (a) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, 5 July 2017 and (b) with reference to 
New Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 5 
July 2017 between the Seller and the Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation), any premium 
payable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction 
Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the relevant 
Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) shall, 
where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the terms of such 
Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional 
party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a 
single Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other subsidiary

--- Page 85 ---
85 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
of Euro 100,000 (or, where Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Euronext Securities 
Milan in accordance with Article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended, through the authorised institutions listed in Article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The 
Covered Bonds will at all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book 
entries in accordance with the provisions of Article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 and the joint regulation, regarding post training systems, of CONSOB and the Bank of 
Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. The Covered Bonds will be held by Euronext Securities 
Milan on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of 
the relevant ESM Account Holder. The ESM Account Holder will be act as depository for Clearstream and 
Euroclear. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and 
powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered 
Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf, provided that, pursuant to article 7-
quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, further to enforcement of the Guarantee, the 
Covered Bondholders shall participate to the final distribution of the Issuer’s assets in respect of any 
residual amount due to them with any other unsecured creditor including – pursuant to article 7-
quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law – any derivative transaction counterparty. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds when due for payment 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due from the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions or from the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) the Interest

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 8 (Payments) up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date or, as the case may be, 
the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, has notified the 
Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 8 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered 
Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest 
Period will be, subject to Condition 6(j) (Fallback Provisions), determined by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined 
by the Guarantor Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent were acting as Guarantor Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any maximum rate of interest or minimum rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount

--- Page 88 ---
88 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, will, as soon as practicable 
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub unit” means, in the case of 
any Specified Currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such Specified Currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such Specified Currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, then the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, 
calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, as the case may be, and each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/ or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. The 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, will be entitled to recalculate 
any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error, wilful default or gross negligence) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Master Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Fallback Provisions 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(iii) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j)(c) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond 
(being the Paying Agent, or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms), any Paying Agent 
or the Covered Bondholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in the case of the Rate of Interest on Covered 
Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate 
Provisions as being applicable in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has 
not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Condition 6(j)(i) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 6(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 6(j)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(j)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread

--- Page 90 ---
90 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, including but not 
limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with 
any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued 
by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(v) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the 
competent regulatory authority, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered 
Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other Transaction Documents to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together with the 
Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders, be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by 
the execution of an amendment agreement to the Transaction Documents) and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided 
that if, in the opinion of the Covered Bondholders doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights 
and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in these Conditions or the 
Transaction Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt, any amendment to the Transaction 
Documents), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of any amendment agreement to the 
Transaction Documents), subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction by the 
Issuer. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
(v) 
Notices

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent and the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Covered 
Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) to 
6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following 
six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for, the Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Covered Bondholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and Condition 8 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Covered 
Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf determines 
that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, then (subject as 
provided below and article 7-terdecies, paragraph 2 of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law), 
payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred 
until the Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any 
Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be shall notify the relevant holders of 
the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), any relevant Swap Provider(s) and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and 
in any event at least three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Guarantor to 
pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any 
such party. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds as a result of the occurrence of the Maturity 
Extension Trigger will not affect any order of priority applicable in case of compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or liquidation of the Issuer nor any Priority of Payments. 
The Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy of the deferral of the Maturity Date until the Extended Maturity 
Date. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying 
or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments) pro rata in partial payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each 
such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the 
balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date 
during such extended period up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier, the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Final Redemption Amount is paid in full. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the 
date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding 
by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which

--- Page 94 ---
94 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds were then due; or 
2. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Listing 
Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the 
expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 7(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption and instalment redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or if they are redeemed in instalments pursuant to the relevant 
Final Terms and the Conditions, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities Milan and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be 
reflected in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at 
their discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of any Covered Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, a duly completed Put Option Notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in the form 
obtainable from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be. The Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition

--- Page 95 ---
95 
7(f), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder 
at such address as may have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as 
any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as 
the case may be in accordance with this Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder and not the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the holder of 
such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in this 
Condition 7 and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase Covered Bonds 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price and any Covered Bonds so purchased may be held or 
resold or may be surrendered in accordance with Condition 7(h) (Cancellation). The Guarantor shall not 
purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Extension of principal instalments 
If an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of 
Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in instalments and the Issuer has failed to pay a Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount on the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has 
insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to such Covered Bond Instalment Amount in full on the applicable Covered Bond 
Instalment Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below), payment by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee of each of (a) such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and (b) all 
subsequently due and payable Covered Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred until the Extended 
Instalment Date provided that no Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred to a date falling 
after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the applicable 
Covered Bond Instalment Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of the relevant 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify 
the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall not affect the validity 
or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall notify the relevant holders of the 
Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), any relevant Swap Provider(s), the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least three Business Days prior 
to a Covered Bond Instalment Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Amount pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness

--- Page 96 ---
96 
of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on each Interest Payment Date following the 
applicable Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date until the applicable Extended 
Instalment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after 
paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments) pro rata towards payment of an amount equal to the relevant Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount together with interest accrued thereon up to (and including) such date.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and shall be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date from the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date until the Extended 
Instalment Date or, if earlier, the date on which the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount is paid in 
full. 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date 
will (subject to any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the Guarantor to pay 
the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will (subject to 
any applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, each 
subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible that 
a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to a 
date falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
(k) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered Bondholders immediately before the 
giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond of 
any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the Covered Bonds 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has 
become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment Date 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in 
accordance with the instructions of Euronext Securities Milan, by the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Euronext Securities 
Milan are credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised 
brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered 
Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of 
the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext 
Securities Milan and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Covered Bondholders in respect of such 
payments.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(c) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Business Day in the 
Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest 
or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed (i) by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or (ii) pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof or pursuant to the provisions of the intergovernmental 
agreement entered into by and between Italy and the United States on 10 January 2014, ratified by way 
of Law No. 95 on 18 June 2015, published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 
2015 (“FATCA”) unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law (including pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA). In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta 
sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, as amended from time to time with respect to any Covered 
Bonds and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 have not been 
met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due to 
the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, 
to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a 
non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or 
(iii) 
where the Covered Bondholder would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with any 
statutory requirements; 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 
1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time; or  
(v) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Covered 
Bonds; or 
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, in a Member State of the EU; or 
(vii) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in

--- Page 98 ---
98 
respect of such Covered Bonds by making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax 
authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non/residence or other similar 
claim for exemption; or 
(viii) 
where such withholding is required by FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic 
of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. For the purposes of this paragraph (b), the Issuer will not be 
considered to become subject to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States should the Issuer be required 
to withhold amounts in respect any withholding tax imposed by the United States on any payments the 
Issuer makes. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor:  
If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever 
nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any 
additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default:  
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and payable on 
any Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and such breach is not 
remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days, 
in case of amounts of principal or redemption, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: a material breach by the Issuer of any obligation under or in respect 
of the Covered Bond (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or under any of the Transaction 
Documents (other than any obligation pursuant to paragraph (i) (Non-payment) above or (vii) 
(Breach of Tests) below) to which it is a party occurs which is not remedied within 30 days after 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) above occurs in respect of any 
other Series of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued 
in respect of the Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business (because of the loss of 
its banking licence or otherwise); or 
(vii) 
Breach of Tests: any of the Tests other than the Liquidity Reserve Requirement are breached and 
are not remedied within the Test Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor demanding payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and specifying, in case of 
the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 resolution) above, that the Issuer Event 
of Default may be temporary, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, having exercised 
its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
(b) 
Effect of an Issuer Default Notice:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice upon the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not issue any further Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
(A) 
interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at 
the time and in the manner provided under the Conditions, subject to and in accordance 
with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of Payments; 
(B) 
the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement) shall be entitled to request from the Issuer an amount up to the 
Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be used to 
make payments in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee;  
(C) 
if (i) the right of the Guarantor under letter (b) above is in any way challenged or revoked 
and (ii) a Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders has been passed pursuant to 
which the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable by the Issuer, at their 
Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest thereon and the Guarantor will no 
longer be entitled to request from the Issuer the amount set out under letter (b) above; 
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor or any third party appointed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall sell the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 resolution) 
above, the effects listed in items (i) (No further Series of Covered Bonds), (ii) (Covered Bond Guarantee) 
and (iii) (Disposal of Assets) above will only apply for as long as the Suspension Period will be in force 
and effect. Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during 
the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again responsible 
for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
Issuer cross-default 
Neither an event of default in respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer (including other debt 
securities of the Issuer) nor acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an Issuer Event 
of Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of 
Default, provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders serves a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor, such Guarantor Default 
Notice will accelerate each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any 
interest and/or principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee and such breach is 
not remedied within the next following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 
Business Days, in case of amounts of principal or redemptiont, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach of any obligation under the Transaction Documents 
by the Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations referred to in letter (i) above) which is 
not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written 
notice thereof to the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice (provided that, in 
case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 event Cure Notice), the Amortisation Test is breached 
and is not remedied within the Test Grace Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full force and 
effect or it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the case of the Guarantor Event of 
Default under letter (iii) (Breach of other obligation) above shall, if so directed by a Programme 
Resolution, serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice: 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable at 
their Early Termination Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest and will rank 
pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, 
shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount, 
together with accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than 
additional amounts payable under Condition 11(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer)) in accordance with 
the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of assets: the Guarantor or any third party appointed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall immediately sell all assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and without 
further notice subject to having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, take such 
steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings 
or steps unless requested or authorised by a Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
(f) 
Guarantor cross-default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve on 
the Guarantor a Guarantor Default Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect 
of each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. However, an Issuer Event of 
Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default. 
(g) 
Determinations, etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10 by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall (in the absence of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) 
no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions hereunder. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years (in respect 
of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
12. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 101 ---
101 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance 
of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until 
repayment in full or cancellation of the Covered Bonds of any Series. Pursuant to the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall 
at all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made 
by the Covered Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment 
In the Programme Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, in these 
Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders), in the Intercreditor 
Agreement, in the Mandate Agreement and in the other Transaction Documents, and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Issue 
Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) 
on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and (to the 
fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time 
to time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered 
Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable in respect of any loss, 
liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders 
as a result of the performance by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties 
or the exercise of any of its rights under the Transaction Documents. 
13. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and in connection with the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, acts solely 
as an agent of the Issuer and, following service of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, 
as an agent of the Guarantor and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and its initial Specified 
Offices are set out in these Conditions. The Guarantor Calculation Agent (if not the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be or) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and to appoint a successor Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or the Guarantor Calculation Agent; provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times procure that the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, operates in an EU member state such that it will not 
be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any 
other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26–27 November

--- Page 102 ---
102 
2000; and 
(iii) 
if a Guarantor Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(iv) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of 
a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a paying agent 
having its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be or 
in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue 
further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds. 
15. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders and, in general, to each of the Seller, 
the Other Issuer Creditors and the Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, 
which will be payable in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. The Covered Bondholders, 
the Seller, the Other Issuer Creditors and the Other Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor 
only to the extent of the Guarantor Available Funds, including any amounts realised with respect to the 
Cover Pool, in each case subject to and as provided in the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other 
Transaction Documents. 
(b) 
Non Petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the 
general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled 
to proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce 
the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by 
the Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce 
the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security or (except for the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and/or the Security; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents, 
have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against the Guarantor for the purpose 
of obtaining payment of any amount due from the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
at least until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari passu 
thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in 
relation to the Guarantor; and

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priorities of Payments not being 
complied with. 
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Euronext Securities Milan 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Euronext 
Securities Milan, shall be deemed to have been duly given if given through the systems of Euronext 
Securities Milan. 
(b) 
Notices through Euronext Dublin 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and the rules of such exchange so require, shall be deemed to 
have been duly given if published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) 
and shall also be considered sent for the purposes of Directive 2004/109/EC. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the first date on which publication in made in accordance with the rules and regulation of the 
Euronext Dublin. 
(c) 
Other publication 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method of giving 
notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its sole opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to 
market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of 
such other method is given to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
17. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
per cent being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
These Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection, thereof are 
governed by Italian law. All other Transaction Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of, or in connection, thereof are governed by Italian law, save for the Swap Agreements and the Deed 
of Charge, which are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in relation 
to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act and 
the Bank of Italy Regulations.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series issued 
under the Programme by Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. is created concurrently with the issue and 
subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series to be issued and is governed by these Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ("Rules"). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds 
of whatever Series. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be: 
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or under its control or have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not be released until a the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, which is to be issued not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting 
(or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption), of 
confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the 
release thereof by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, to the Issuer and Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifying that the 
Holder of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person on its behalf 
has notified the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on 
each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(b) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing 
between those amounts in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and 
against, each resolution; and 
(c) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with a clearing 
system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, for the purpose of obtaining from the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate on 
terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the 
Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is required; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 
8 (Chairman of the Meeting);

--- Page 106 ---
106 
"Cover Pool" has the meaning given to it in the Master Definitions Agreement; 
"ESM Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with 
Article 83-quarter of the Financial Law Consolidated Act; 
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of 
the votes cast or, in the case of a resolution pursuant to Condition 10(b)(ii)(c) (Effect of an Issuer Default 
Notice – Covered Bond Guarantee), by a majority of not less than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
"Holder" or "holder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds; 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or 
demands; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment); 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these 
Rules (ii) to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take action pursuant to Condition 
10(b)(ii)(c) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice – Covered Bond Guarantee), Condition 10(d)(iii) (Guarantor 
Event of Default – Breach of other obligation) or Condition 10(d)(iv) (Guarantor Event of Default – 
Enforcement) or to appoint or remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 
26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration); or (ii) to direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to take other action stipulated in the Conditions or the Transaction Documents as requiring 
a Programme Resolution. 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed 
to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or, in the case of a proxy appointed under a 
Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 
48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and 
who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and the Programme 
Resolutions, collectively; 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange rate specified 
in any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if there is no 
exchange rate specified or if the Swap Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate; 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document; 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer 
of a Voting Certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting:

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a ESM Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly 
by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in respect of 
such Blocked Covered Bonds; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons being 
or representing the holders of at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds for the time being outstanding, the holders of which at any relevant time are entitled to participate 
in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these Rules, whether contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered 
Bondholders; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and the places where the Issuer 
Paying Agent has its Specified Office; and 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the 
Conditions to which these Rules are attached. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be 
a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title 
of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile 
of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any Transaction 
Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been transferred; 
and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate 
Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and of 
Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 25 (Meetings and Separate Series) and Articles 28 (Duties and 
Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the 
Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each 
Series. However, for the purposes of this Clause 2.3: 
2.3.1 
Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Resignation) and 27 (Resignation of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders); and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 
25 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall 
apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the 
expressions "Covered Bonds" and "Covered Bondholders" shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder, whatever Series of the Covered Bonds he holds, is a member of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights 
of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect 
the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its ESM 
Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy 
and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time; or 
4.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain a Voting Certificate from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, or require the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as 
the case may be to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for Covered Bonds to be (to the 
satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be) held to its 
order or under its control or blocked in an account in a clearing system (other than Euronext Securities 
Milan) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
4.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction issued pursuant to this Article 4 shall be valid until the 
release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
4.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the person named therein as Holder 
or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a ESM Account Holder), the bearer thereof (in the 
case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be), and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be) shall be deemed to be the Holder of 
the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting to which such 
Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
4.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of 
the same Covered Bonds. 
4.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the usual 
practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND VOTING CERTIFICATE 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting 
only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent, or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised (or otherwise acceptable) copy of each Block Voting 
Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction

--- Page 109 ---
109 
or of each Holder or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate shall be produced at the Meeting but the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block 
Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of the Covered Bonds 
named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in relation to a 
meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a requisition in writing signed 
by the holders of not less than five per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds 
for the time being outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes 
default for a period of seven days in convening such a meeting upon requisition by the Covered 
Bondholders the same may be convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
requisitionists. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the 
holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, or 
separate meetings if in its opinion there is a conflict of interest among the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall apply thereto mutatis 
mutandis. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, 
and the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
Meetings may be held in case Voters are located in different places and are connected via audio-
conference or video-conference, provided that: 
(a) 
the Chairman can ascertain and verify the identity and legitimacy of those Voters, monitor the 
Meeting, acknowledge and announce to those Voters the outcome of the voting process; 
(b) 
the person drawing up the minutes can clearly hear the meeting events being the subject-matter 
of the minutes; 
(c) 
each Voter attending via audio-conference or video-conference can follow and intervene in the 
discussions and vote the items on the agenda in real time; 
(d) 
the notice of the Meeting expressly states, where applicable, how Voters may obtain the 
information necessary to attend the relevant Meeting via audio-conference and/or 
videoconference equipment; and 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Meeting is deemed to take place where the Chairman and the person 
drawing up the minutes will be. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant 
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant 
Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer. 
7.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that Voting Certificates for the purpose of such 
Meeting may be obtained from a ESM Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation 
issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time and 
that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, or appointing Proxies under a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting 
Instruction, Covered Bondholders must (to the satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be) be held to the order of or placed under the control of the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or blocked in an account with a clearing 
system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not complied with 
if the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote are represented at such Meeting and the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
8.1.1 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed 
for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which, 
the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same 
person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the 
business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and 
determines the mode of voting. 
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist 
in any given matter, and may appoint one or more-vote counters, who are not required to be Covered 
Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM 
9.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, two or more persons holding or representing at least 
one third of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to attended and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, 
two or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, 
whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or

--- Page 111 ---
111 
9.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided 
below), two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the holders of which 
are entitled to attend and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or 
representing Covered Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
9.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 31.4 
(Obligation to act) and Article 32.4 (Obligation to exercise powers), only be capable of being 
effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(A) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, 
where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in 
respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(B) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(C) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(D) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Deeds of Pledge or the Deed of 
Charge (except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
of any Series); 
(E) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or 
substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(F) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3; 
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be two or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less than two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing not less than one-third of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding. 
provided that, if in respect of any Covered Bonds the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be has received evidence that the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of Covered Bonds then outstanding is held by a single Holder and the Voting Certificate or 
Block Voting Instruction so states, then a single Voter appointed in relation thereto or being 
the Holder of the Covered Bonds thereby represented shall be deemed to be two Voters for the 
purpose of forming a quorum. 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
10.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present: 
10.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the requisition of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall 
be dissolved; and 
10.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not less 
than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as the Chairman determines 
or (ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the Meeting (if such notice

--- Page 112 ---
112 
sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); provided that, in any case: 
(a) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(b) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders together so decide. 
10.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after 
the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any 
particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not less than 
13 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed 
by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior 
consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time 
and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have 
been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 
Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a 
quorum except that: 
12.1.1 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which 
the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes. 
12.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give 
notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 10 
(Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
13.1 
Voters; 
13.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
13.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
13.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
13.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
13.6 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of 
hands.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or 
rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes 
cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more-Voters, whatever the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter(s). A poll may be taken 
immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the 
election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand 
for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result 
of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the 
terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted 
and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 
on a poll every Voter who is present shall have one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 or such 
other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another 
currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Covered Bonds it holds or represents. 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all 
the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Chairman has been notified in writing 
of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in

--- Page 114 ---
114 
relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an 
adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened 
which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when 
it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers exercisable 
by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject 
of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any of 
them; 
18.2.2 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered 
Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or 
otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Transaction Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
18.2.3 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents which 
shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
or of any Covered Bondholder; 
18.2.4 
direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to issue an Issuer Default Notice as a 
result of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Issuer Event of Default) or a Guarantor 
Default Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(d) 
(Guarantor Event of Default); 
18.2.5 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders from any Liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation 
to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
18.2.6 
waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or (if relevant) 
any other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, the Covered 
Bonds or any other Transaction Document or any act or omission which might otherwise 
constitute an Event of Default; 
18.2.7 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
18.2.8 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in compliance 
with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document; 
18.2.9 
to appoint any persons (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which 
the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution. 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take action pursuant to Condition 10(b)(ii)(c) (Issuer Event of Default – Covered 
Bond Guarantee) or Condition 10(c)(iii) (Guarantor Event of Deafault – Breach of other obligation) or 
Condition 10(d)(iv) (Guarantor Event of Default – Enforcement) or to appoint or remove the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and 
Remuneration) or to take any other action required by the Conditions or any Transaction Documents to 
be taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is passed 
by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series of Covered 
Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may 
be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be 
binding upon all Covered Bondholders of any such Series, whether or not present at such Meeting and 
or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of 
all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at 
the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be 
published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be (with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not 
passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided 
by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie 
evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in 
respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly 
convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having 
been duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION

--- Page 116 ---
116 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 15 (Limited 
Recourse and Non Petition) and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing 
individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee (hereinafter, a "Claiming Covered Bondholder"), then such Claiming Covered Bondholder 
intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of his/her intention. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall inform 
the other Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of such prospective individual 
actions and remedies and invite them to raise, in writing, any objection that they may have by a specific 
date not more than 30 days after the date of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders' notification 
and not less than 10 days after such notification. If Covered Bondholders representing 5 per cent. or 
more of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds then outstanding object to 
such prospective individual actions and remedies, then the Claiming Covered Bondholder will be 
prevented from taking any individual action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a 
reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the terms of this Article 23). 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one 
Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
24.1.1 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a 
separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
24.1.2 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series 
so affected; 
24.1.3 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed 
to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
24.1.4 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply 
as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to 
the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro in the 
case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more 
than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such Meeting or any poll resulting

--- Page 117 ---
117 
therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Covered 
Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each 
person present shall have one vote for each Euro 1.00 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of 
Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Programme 
Resolution in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of the first 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
26.2 
Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any 
other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant 
to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act; or 
26.2.3 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in Article 2399 
of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered Bondholders and, if 
appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Programme Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.3 (Programme Resolution) or resigns pursuant to Article 27 
(Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full 
repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds. 
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for 
any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of 
its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions 
required in connection with the Covered Bonds. 
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders an

--- Page 118 ---
118 
annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed 
either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate 
fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day-to-day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority 
of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar 
months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason 
for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. 
The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 
(Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, 
provided that if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a 
qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction 
Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is 
responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its advisers) to 
propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and 
authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
28.3.1 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders; 
28.3.2 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by 
power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of 
persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject to such 
regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not 
in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission 
or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be 
responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the 
appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and 
shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of 
any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
28.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules and 
any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given 
retrospectively. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law. The Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for any loss, costs, damages, expenses or other 
liabilities that may result from the exercise or non-exercise thereof except insofar as the same are 
incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful misconduct (dolo). 
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is entitled 
to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right (but 
not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Covered Bondholders' 
instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it 
with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific Limitations). 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its sole discretion determine whether or not a 
default in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these 
Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and if the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable 
of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered 
Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in 
addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
29.2.1 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of 
which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, 
until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice 
to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor 
Event of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
29.2.2 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, 
the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or 
express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled 
to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents 
are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
29.2.3 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under 
any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of 
these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
29.2.4 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or 
pursuant hereto or thereto or request and/or obtain any legal opinion in connection therewith, 
and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility 
for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever 
for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered or 
obtained at any time in connection with the Programme; 
(iii) the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the Master 
Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets contained 
in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Master 
Servicer and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
29.2.5 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue 
of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled 
thereto; 
29.2.6 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by 
any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction Document or any certificate, 
document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
29.2.8 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction 
Document; 
29.2.9 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure 
in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any 
part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable 
of being remedied or not;

--- Page 121 ---
121 
29.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Mortgage Loans 
contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or 
any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any Liability with respect to any loss or damage arising 
from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or 
any Transaction Document; 
29.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each 
Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising 
from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, 
in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction 
of, any particular territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it 
is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series 
would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion 
without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such Covered Bondholders holding not less than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
29.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests 
of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor but if, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between 
their interests the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the 
interest of the Covered Bondholders; 
29.2.18 shall not (unless and to the extent ordered so to do by a court of competent jurisdiction) be 
under any obligation to disclose to any Covered Bondholders, any Other Creditor or any other 
person any confidential, financial, price sensitive or other information made available to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, by the Guarantor or any other person 
in connection with these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents, and 
none of the Covered Bondholders, Other Creditors nor any other person shall be entitled to 
take any action to obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any such 
information; 
29.2.19 shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, duty or 
discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial 
to the interest of the Covered Bondholders if, along with other factors, it has accessed the view 
of, and, in any case, with prior written notice to, the Rating Agency, and has ground to believe 
that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by such 
exercise. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its 
rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the valuation of the Rating Agency 
regarding how a specific act would affect the rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative

--- Page 122 ---
122 
of the Covered Bondholders shall so inform the Issuer and the Guarantor, which will have to 
obtain the valuation at Issuer’s expense on behalf of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders wishes to seek and obtain 
the valuation itself; 
29.2.20 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested 
in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating to the 
transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be 
brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a 
result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall 
require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any 
right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of 
such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably 
assured; and 
29.2.21 shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense directly or indirectly 
suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholder, any Other Creditor 
or any other person as a result of any determination, any act, matter or thing that will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders as a whole or the interests 
of the Covered Bondholders of any Series. 
29.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds 
are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
29.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do anything 
which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take 
risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, 
in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of 
any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it 
expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a 
consequence of such action. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in 
its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or 
any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or rating agency 
or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, 
advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, 
certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not 
authentic and, in circumstances where in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to obtain such advice on any other basis is not practicable, notwithstanding any limitation of or cap on 
liability in respect thereof. 
30.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor

--- Page 123 ---
123 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as 
sufficient evidence 
30.2.1 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
30.2.2 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate 
unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or 
express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
30.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes 
have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even 
though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or 
the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction 
was not valid or binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
30.4 
Certificates of ESM Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, 
may fully rely on the certificates issued by any ESM Account Holder in accordance with the regulation 
issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time, which 
certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.5 
Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate 
and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at any 
particular time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its 
records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
30.6 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or 
the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document, 
30.6.1 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for 
under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
30.6.2 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.6.3 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in 
respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities 
incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express 
notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
30.7 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating

--- Page 124 ---
124 
any auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
Modification 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time and without the 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series concur with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for this purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such modification relates to a 
Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the sole 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be expedient to make 
provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that such 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series;  
31.1.2 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, 
minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law, 
including the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and the relevant implementation;  
31.1.3 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is to correct a manifest error or an error 
established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
31.1.4 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which may reasonably 
deemed necessary in order to ensure that the Programme, the Covered Bonds, the Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents comply and will continue to comply with the provisions 
referred to under article 7-viciesbis of Law 130 and the relevant implementing regulation in 
order to use the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders acknowledges and agrees that at the Issuer request, 
pursuant to Condition 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments) it will be obliged together with the Guarantor, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders, subject (to the extent 
required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, or non-objection from, the competent regulatory authority to concur with the Issuer in effecting 
any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an amendment agreement to the 
Transaction Documents). 
31.2 
Swap Basic Term Modification 
Any Swap Basic Term Modification must be previously approved in writing by the relevant Swap Provider. 
The relevant Swap Provider agrees to subscribe any other amendment of the Transaction Documents to 
which is party which have been agreed with the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with these Rules. 
31.3 
Binding Nature 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the Covered 
Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be 
notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
31.4 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occured as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 125 ---
125 
may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers it 
appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
31.4.1 
a certificate from the Arrangers: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in any 
way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Document that is required to reflect 
such intention; and 
31.4.2 
confirmation from the relevant credit rating agencies that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those 
assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31.5 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and any other party in making any modifications to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the 
other Transaction Documents if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and then only if it is 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without the 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and, without prejudice to its rights in 
respect of any subsequent breach, condition, or event but only if, and in so far as, in its opinion the 
interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series then outstanding shall not be materially 
prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 
authorise or waive, any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee these Rules or the other 
Transaction Documents; or 
32.1.2 
determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such for the purposes of the Transaction Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, or, waiver or determination may be given on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding 
on all Covered Bondholders and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, shall be 
notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as soon as 
practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with the provisions of the conditions relating 
to Notices and the relevant Transaction Documents. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this 
Article 32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by a Programme Resolution, but so that no 
such direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made. 
32.4 
Obligation to exercise powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any breach or

--- Page 126 ---
126 
proposed breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Guarantee, these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents or determine that any Issuer Event 
of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as such if it is so directed by a Programme 
Resolution and then only if it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
32.5 
Notice of waiver 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and other document been agreed 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, has covenanted 
and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent 
not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, 
charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands (including without limitation 
legal fees and any applicable value added tax or similar taxes) properly incurred by or made against the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has delegated any power, authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or purported 
exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise 
in relation to the preparation and execution of these Rules and the Transaction Documents, including 
but not limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and 
other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with any 
action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other 
person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Transaction Documents 
except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or 
wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction 
Documents, the Covered Bonds, the Conditions or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 
The Deed of Pledge 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights granted by 
the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. The beneficiaries of the Deed 
of Pledge are referred to in this Article 35 as the "Secured Bondholders". 
35.2 
Rights of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
35.2.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured Bondholders, 
shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Secured Bondholders' 
interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the pledged claims and rights, and 
shall be entitled to give instructions, jointly with the Guarantor, to the respective debtors of 
the pledged claims to make the payments related to such claims to any account opened in the 
name of the Guarantor and appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2 
The Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to any amount

--- Page 127 ---
127 
deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to any such account opened in 
the name of the Guarantor and appropriate of such purpose which is not in accordance with 
the provisions of this Article 35. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or 
application of, cash deriving from time to time from the pledged claims under the Deed of 
Pledge except in accordance with the provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is 
entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its 
capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also 
in the interests of the Other Issuer Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil 
Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Mandate Agreement, to exercise, in the 
name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all 
of the Guarantor's rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions 
and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendments, will be completed for 
each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not 
form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive (EU) 2014/65 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, the “MiFID II”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (iii) or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended or superseded, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds, or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK, has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]1  
[MIFID II product governance / target market investors – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person 
                                                          
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Covered Bonds due [Maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
Desio OBG S.r.l. 
under the Euro 3,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 25 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus 
dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, (as amended from time to time, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
These 
Final 
Terms 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the 
Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for 
viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and on the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.bancodesio.it/.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the prospectus dated 26 July 2022, which are incorporated by 
reference in the prospectus dated 25 July 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered 
Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and 
superseded (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 25 
July 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms are available for viewing on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). Full information on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, including the 
supplement[s]] 
[is/are] 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and on the website of the Issuer at https://www.bancodesio.it/.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.)

--- Page 130 ---
130 
1. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
 
 
(iii)  
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[] 
[The Covered Bonds will be consolidated, 
form a single Series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with the [Series [●] 
Tranche [●] Covered Bonds due [●] issued 
on [●], ISIN Code [●]] on the Issue 
Date]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[] %. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [plus integral multiples []] (as referred to 
under Condition 3) (Include the wording in 
square 
brackets 
where 
the 
Specified 
Denomination is €100,000 or equivalent 
plus multiples of a lower principal amount.)  
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
6. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year.]  
8. 
 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] (as referred to in 
Condition 3 
 
Extended Instalment Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to Covered Bond 
Instalment Amounts under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]

--- Page 131 ---
131 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] % Fixed Rate] 
[Specify reference rate] +/– [Margin]% 
Floating Rate] 
 (further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
[14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount] 
 
11. 
 
Change of Interest 
[Change of interest rate may be applicable 
in case an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Investor Put (as referred in Condition 7(f))]  
[Issuer Call (as referred in Condition 
7(d))][(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph [17]/[18]below)] 
13. 
 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds [and Covered Bonds 
Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]  
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred in 
Condition 5)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date.  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN Convention or Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention] 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for 
the 
definition 
of 
“Business 
Day”]/not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in/on] 
[]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi)  
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year/Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
15. 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred to 
in Condition 6)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, 
rather than Interest Payment Dates, will only 
be relevant if the Business Day Convention 
is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest 
Payment Dates are alternatives. If the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar 
Convention, 
insert 
“Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention] / [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] / [FRN Convention or Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent (no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent 
is to perform this function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate:[•] month [[EURIBOR]] 
 
•      Reference Banks 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
(For 
example, 
11.00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro) 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[][the first day of the Interest Period] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][]% per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] 
/ [30/360] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 7)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of Covered Bonds and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] 
17. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bonds: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
18. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of Covered 
Bonds 
[] per Calculation Amount (as referred in 
Condition 5 (a)) [Note that the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
principal amount of the Series] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
applicable] 
19. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Covered Bonds 
Guarantor Event of Default: 
[Not 
Applicable/[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount](as referred in Condition [7])  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
20. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates] 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION (Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Desio OBG S.r.l. 
 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
 
 (i) 
Listing 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 (ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Euronext Dublin with effect 
from []]/[Not Applicable].

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected]] to be rated]/[The 
following ratings assigned to the Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:][Not applicable] 
 
 
Fitch: [] 
[●]: [] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating if this has 
previously been published by the rating 
provider) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Covered Bonds of the 
type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Each of Fitch / [●] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating 
agencies 
as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
513/2011 
and 
Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit 
rating agencies (as amended from time to 
time, the "EU CRA Regulation") as set out 
in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation published on the website of 
the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to the EU CRA 
Regulation (for more information please 
visit the European Securities and Markets 
Authority webpage) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervisio
n/credit-rating-agencies/risk) / [●] is 
established in the UK and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as amended by 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
513/2011 
and 
Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit 
rating agencies, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended from time to time, 
the "UK CRA Regulation")] / [have not 
been issued or endorsed by any credit

--- Page 136 ---
136 
rating agency which is established in the 
European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating 
agencies 
as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
513/2011 
and 
Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit 
rating agencies (as amended from time to 
time, the "EU CRA Regulation") / have not 
been issued or endorsed by any credit 
rating agency which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
462/2013 on credit rating agencies, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from 
time to time, the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
(Include 
the 
relevant 
wording 
as 
applicable depending on the relevant 
rating agency assigning a rating to the 
Covered Bonds issued) 
[[Fitch] / [∙] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating 
agencies 
as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
513/2011 
and 
Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 on credit 
rating agencies, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation ").] / 
[[Fitch] / [∙] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating 
agencies 
as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
513/2011 
and 
Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 on credit 
ragin agencies, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency 
established 
in 
the 
UK 
and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
3. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER – USE OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 (i) Reasons for the offer – Use of proceeds 
General funding purposes of the Desio

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Group  
 (ii) Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[.]  
4. 
 
EUROPEAN COVERED BOND (PREMIUM) 
LABEL 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Label in 
accordance with Article 129 of the CRR 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Arranger/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Arranger/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and [its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
 
6. 
 Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
7. 
 Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR / specify other Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]/[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
CFI 
[], [as published on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(“ANNA”) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]  
 
FISN 
[], [as published on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(“ANNA”) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]  
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names 
and 
Specified 
Offices 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/[Not applicable] 
 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
Any notice delivered to Covered Bondholders

--- Page 138 ---
138 
notices for the purposes of Condition 
16 (Notices): 
through the clearing systems will be deemed 
to have been given on the [second] [business] 
day after the day on which it was given to 
Euroclear and Clearstream. 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be held in a form which would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
(i.e. 
issued 
in 
dematerialised 
form 
(emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Euronext Securities Milan in 
accordance with article 83-bis of Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended, through the authorised 
institutions listed in article 83-quater of such 
legislative decree) and does not necessarily 
mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognized 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
21. 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):     
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address]  
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
 
 
 
22. 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Arranger: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
 
23. 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation 
S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
24. 
 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly 
does not constitute "packaged" products, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
25. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly 
does not constitute "packaged" products, or 
the Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a KID will be prepared in the 
UK "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should 
be specified.)

--- Page 140 ---
140 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer for general funding 
purposes of the Desio Group, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
BANCO DESIO AS ISSUER AND SELLER  
1. 
History and development of the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer was the parent company of the Desio Group.  
The Issuer was founded on 4 August 1909. 
Company name 
The Issuer's company name is Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A.  
Place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number  
The Issuer is on the Business Register of Monza and Brianza, Italy, at entry No. 01181770155. The Issuer is 
also on the Register of Banks held by the Bank of Italy at entry No. 3440.5. 
Date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer, except where indefinite  
The Issuer is a joint-stock company incorporated by deed of Mr. Innocente Arnaboldi, Notary public, with 
Record No. 4503/6221 of 4 August 1909. The Issuer has been originally incorporated as a “società commerciale 
cooperativa in nome collettivo” named “Cassa Rurale di Desio”, and was turned into a “società anonima 
cooperativa a capitale illimitato” named “Cassa Rurale di Depositi e Prestiti in Desio” with resolution of the 
extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of December 20, 1920. Subsequently, the Issuer was turned into a “società 
anonima” named “BANCO DI DESIO” with resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of March 21, 
1926, and acquired the current corporate name “BANCO DI DESIO E DELLA BRIANZA – Società per Azioni” on 
December 31, 1967, upon the merge with “Banca della Brianza S.p.A.”. 
The Issuer is the parent company of the “Gruppo Banco di Desio e della Brianza” (Desio Group or Banco Desio 
Group). 
The duration of the Issuer is set, pursuant to Article 3 of its Articles of Association, up to 31 December 2100 
and may be extended. 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, 
website address and address and telephone number of its registered office. 
Banco Desio is a joint-stock company incorporated in Desio, Italy and operating under the Italian law. The 
address of the Issuer's registered office is Via Rovagnati, 1, Desio, Italy, phone +39 0362 6131.  
Declaration of the Financial Reporting Manager 
The Financial Reporting Manager of the Issuer, Mauro Walter Colombo, declares pursuant to paragraph 2 of 
Article 154-bis of the Financial Law Consolidated Act that the accounting information contained in this Base 
Prospectus agrees with the supporting documents, books of account and accounting records. 
Credit ratings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has been rated “BB+” (long-term issuer default rating) and “B” 
(short-term issuer default rating) by Fitch. 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities and principal categories of products sold and/or services 
provided  
A) 
Credit intermediation activities 
Within credit intermediation, the Issuer's operations consist in funding and lending, from and to retail, 
corporate and private banking customers, as well as from and to banks. 
The Issuer has diversified the range of financial products it supplies, making them fit to meet the customers' 
specific requirements. The Bank's traditional customers are mainly individuals and households, small and 
medium enterprises.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
The Issuer's strong bond with the main areas of operations, as well as the quality of the products and services 
it provides, have led to significant customer retention. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's consolidated funding, including funding from banks, came to Euro 
16,084,575 thousand (Euro 16,316,377 thousands as at 31 December 2021), of which Euro 12,703,225 
thousands (equal to 79.0%) from customers and Euro 3,381,350 thousands from banks.  
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank's consolidated loan portfolio, including loans to banks and debt securities, 
came to Euro 11,740,783 thousands (Euro 13,242,876 thousands as at 31 December 2021), of which loans to 
customers accounted for Euro 11,480,616 thousands and loans to banks for Euro 260,167 thousands.  
Funding from customers 
The Issuer's direct funding is made through current accounts, bonds, repurchase agreements, saving deposits 
and deposit certificates. Short-term technical forms are mainly current accounts, while a significant portion of 
medium- and long-term ones consists of bonds. The following table shows the breakdown by technical form 
of the Issuer's consolidated direct funding as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. 
 
 
(Data in Euro/000)  
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
10,058,896 
10,124,243 
Saving deposits 
321,502 
434,619 
Repurchase agreements 
503,113 
207,735 
Mortgages with Cassa Depositi e Presiti (*) 
Leasing debts 
187,383 
53,709 
117,040 
51,817 
Other payables 
42,471 
42,963 
Due to customers  
11,167,074 
10,978,417 
Bonds 
1,531,574 
1,515,294 
Other securities (deposit certificates) 
4,577 
6,971 
Debt securities in issue 
1,536,151 
1,522,265 
Bonds measured at fair value  
0 
0 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
through profit and loss 
0 
0 
Total Funding from customers 
12,703,225 
12,500,682 
 
Funding from banks 
The Bank carries out intermediation activities with Italian and non-Italian banks, based on its requirements. 
The following table shows the breakdown by technical form of data relating to the Issuer's consolidated funding 
from banks, as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively.  
(Data in Euro/000)  
 
 
 
31 December 
31 December 2021

--- Page 143 ---
143 
2022 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
88,136 
56 
Saving deposits 
0 
9,750 
Other loans (Long Term Repo) 
288,220 
0 
Other payables 
0 
0 
Due to banks 
376,356 
9,806 
Due to central banks 
3,004,994 
3,805,889 
Total Funding from banks 
3,381,350 
3,815,695 
 
Loans to Customers 
The Issuer's consolidated loan portfolio is composed of short-term and medium-/long-term cash loans. The 
Issuer's Customers mainly belong to the retail segment. Loans to customers, excluding debt securities, came 
to Euro 11,480,616 thousands as at 31 December 2022 from Euro 11,127,757 thousands as at 31 December 
2021. 
The following table shows the breakdown by technical form of consolidated data relating to the Issuer's loans 
to customers, as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. 
(DATA IN EURO/000)  
 
 
 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 2021 
Current accounts 
943,142 
911,200 
Repurchase agreements 
0 
0 
Mortgage loans 
7,899,701 
7,943,255 
Credit cards, personal loans and assignments of 
onefifth of salary 
1,208,434 
980,345 
Finance leases 
146,292 
151,439 
Factoring 
93,614 
76,935 
Other loans 
987,802 
827,202 
Impaired assets 
201,631 
237,381 
Loans 
11,480,616 
11,127,757 
Debt securities 
2,546,215 
2,757,165 
Total Loans to customers 
14,026,831 
13,884,922 
 
Loans to banks 
The following table shows the breakdown by technical form of consolidated data relating to the Bank's loans to 
banks, as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. 
(Data in Euro/000) 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December

--- Page 144 ---
144 
2021 
Restricted deposits 
9,390 
53,209 
Other loans 
108,748 
108,845 
Due from banks 
118,138 
162,054 
Compulsory reserve 
83,020 
1,921,557 
Due from central banks 
83,020 
1,921,557 
Debt securities 
430,931 
361,642 
Total Loans to banks 
632,089 
2,445,253 
 
B) 
Financial intermediation activities  
The Issuer may carry out proprietary trading and trading on behalf of customers in financial markets. In this 
way, the Issuer concomitantly pursues two objectives, that is to say, effective financial planning in management 
and optimization of financial risks associated to the money market, currency and bond portfolios, as well as 
high effectiveness of service to its network and, therefore, to its customers. The Issuer also operates in selling 
derivative products to hedge customers' interest rate and exchange rate risks, as well as in trading of exchanges 
on behalf of customers. 
C) 
Indirect funding  
The Issuer operates in the sector of assets under management with a wide range of products and services 
including securities asset management and collective investment schemes mainly through the provision of 
advisory services and execution of orders on behalf of clients, as well as through portfolio management. 
Moreover, the Issuer distributes life insurance policies. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's consolidated indirect funding came to Euro 17,082,615 thousands, 
accounting for 57.5% of total funding and decreasing by Euro 935,420 thousands (down by 5.2%) from Euro 
18,018,035 thousands as at 31 December 2021. 
The following table shows the data relating to the Bank's indirect funding, for both assets under management 
and under administration, as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. 
(Data in Euro/000)  
 
 
 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 2021 
Assets under administration 
3,093,362 
3,203,624 
Assets under management 
7,041,965 
7,829,840 
Ordinary customer deposits 
10,135,327 
11,033,464 
Institutional customer deposits 
6,947,288 
6,984,571 
Total Indirect deposits 
17,082,615 
18,018,035 
 
D) 
Leasing, factoring and bancassurance 
The Issuer provides its customers with so-called “parabanking” products and services, such as leasing and 
factoring (only towards public administration) contracts, as well as insurance products through cooperation 
agreements with specialized intermediaries.  
Leasing

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Alba Leasing S.p.A. 
Factoring (only towards public administrations) 
Banca Sistema S.p.A. 
Bancassurance (Life and non-life) 
Helvetia Group: Helvetia Italia S.p.A., Helvetia Vita S.p.A. (Life) – Chiara Assicurazioni S.p.A. (non-life) 
E) 
Distribution network 
The Issuer provides services through a complex and integrated multichannel network. As at 31 December 2022, 
this network consisted of the following channels: 
- 
n. 232 branches 
- 
n. 55 financial consultants 
- 
n. 51 employees of Fides Spa (consumer credit market) 
Indication of new products and/or new services, if significant 
The Issuer has not introduced any products that are not included in categories usually marketed and amount 
to a significant contribution to profit margins.  
Principal markets 
As at 31 December 2022, the Desio Group was operating in the North of Italy and in the Central Italy.  
 
Region 
N. of branches 
Lombardia 
99 
Piemonte 
13 
Liguria 
5 
Emilia Romagna 
10 
Veneto 
12 
Northern Italy 
139 
Toscana 
12 
Umbria 
41 
Marche 
10 
Abruzzo 
2 
Lazio 
28 
Central Italy 
93 
TOTAL 
232 
 
As at 31 December 2022, the workforce consisted 2,056 employees for the Parent Company Banco di Desio e 
della Brianza SpA and of 2,115 employees for the Desio Group. 
 
3. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Brief description of the Desio Group of which the Issuer is part and of the Issuer's position within the Desio 
Group  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Desio Group is comprised of the following companies: 
 
Non-Bank Parent Company: 
Brianza Unione di Luigi Gavazzi e Stefano Lado S.A.p.A.  
 
Parent Company: 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A.  
 
Companies belonging to the Desio Group: 
Fides S.p.A. 
Desio OBG S.r.l. 
The Issuer's dependence upon other entities within the Desio Group of which it is part of 
The Issuer does not depend on any other entity within the Desio Group (nor is subject to any management and 
coordination by the company controlling the same (Brianza Unione di Luigi Gavazzi e Stefano Lado S.A.p.A.). 
Brief description of the Desio Group of which the Issuer is the Parent Company 
An organizational chart showing the structure of the voting capital of the Desio Group as at the date of approval 
of the Base Prospectus is given below.  
Brianza Unione di Luigi Gavazzi e Stefano Lado S.A.p.A.  
 
50.41 %  
 
 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ON EXPECTED TRENDS  
Negative changes in the Issuer's prospects 
After publication of the Desio Group's latest Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 
December 2022, which were subjected to audit, no substantial negative changes in the Desio Group's prospects 
have occurred.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Trends, uncertainties, claims, commitments or known facts that could generate impacts on the Issuer's 
prospects 
The year 2022 was a year of marked change. The war in Ukraine has brought unexpected geopolitical instability 
back to the borders of Europe, amplifying already existing tensions, also due to the consequences of the global 
spread of Covid 19. The supply chains, already previously stressed by the pandemic, suffered another serious 
setback due to the sanctions against Russia, with repercussions particularly felt in Europe in terms of energy 
(natural gas in particular) and cereal supplies. The European institutions (European Commission, European 
Council and European Parliament), the European and Italian Supervisory Authorities (EBA, BCE/SSM, Bank of 
Italy, ESMA, Consob) and the international bodies (IASB, Basel Committee) have adopted a series of measures 
and guidance intended to help banks to mitigate the economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and of war in 
Ukraine. 
Considering the climate of considerable uncertainty resulting from this situation, in preparing the consolidated 
financial statements at 31 December 2022, the Issuer has taken into account the recommendations contained 
in a series of documents published by various international institutions (ESMA, EBA, ECB-SSM, IFRS Foundation), 
aiming to strike a balance between the need to avoid excessively procyclical assumption in the models used to 
estimate expected credit losses during the health emergency and the need to ensure that the risk to which 
Group is (or will be) exposed are adequately reflected in the accounting and prudential evaluations. In the 
current situation, in the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2022 we provide all of the 
information elements on the main balance sheet items for which the application of certain accounting standards 
necessarily implies the use of estimates and assumptions with an effect on their book values. The content of 
the explanatory notes takes account of the instructions contained in Consob Notes 1/21 dated 16 February 
2021 and 3/22 dated 19 May 2022, which is still applicable, the ESMA document entitled “European common 
enforcement priorities for 2022 annual financial reports” dated 28 October 2022, which are discussed in “Part 
A – Accounting policies” and “Part E - Information on risks and related hedging policy” of the Consolidated 
explanatory notes. 
Instead, the first quarter of the 2023, has been characterized by two extraordinary operations. 
The first, named as “Lanternina Transaction” whit legal effect on 20 February 2023, consist in the acquisition 
of two business unit, comprising a total of 48 former BPER Banca (formerly Carige) and former Banco di 
Sardegna bank branches, which led to a growth of approximately Euro 1.3 billion in loans to customers and 
direct deposits due from banks and positively affected the growth in indirect deposits from ordinary customers 
which as at 31 March 2023 increased by around Euro 1.9 billion compared to 31 December 2022.  
The second, whit legal effect on 28 March 2023 between Banco Desio and Worldline SA Group, is a strategic 
agreement concerning payment systems, which provides in particular for (i) the transfer to Worldline Italia of 
Banco Desio's business unit relating to the acquiring activity in the payment systems sector carried out with 
respect to about 15,000 merchants, for a total of about 19,000 POS (point of sales) and a volume of about Euro 
2 billion in transactions, and (ii) a long-term partnership (5+5 years), in which Worldline becomes Banco Desio's 
exclusive acquiring partner and the latter, maintaining the relationship with its customers, distributes 
Worldline's acquiring products and services. 
Further information are available on the Issuer's website: https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/yearly-and-
interim-reports. 
5. 
PROFIT FORECAST OR ESTIMATE  
This Base Prospectus does not include any profit forecasts or estimates. 
6. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGERS AND MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BODIES  
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The list of the members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer as at the date 
of approval of the Base Prospectus and the offices held in other companies.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Board of Directors 
NAME AND SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BANCO 
DESIO 
OFFICES HELD IN OTHER COMPANIES 
Stefano Lado 
Chairman of the Board 
of directors and member 
of 
the 
Sustainability 
Committee 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee 
 Director and General partner of Brianza Unione 
di Luigi Gavazzi e Stefano Lado Sapa 
 Director and member of the Management 
Committee of Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei 
Depositi 
Alessandro Decio 
Chief Executive Officer 
and 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive Committee 
- 
Director of Fides SpA 
- 
Director of Anthilia Capital Partners SGR 
S.p.A.  
Graziella Bologna 
Director and member of 
the 
Executive 
Committee 
  
Paola Bruno 
Director, Chairman of 
the 
Control 
Risk 
Committe and member 
of 
Nomination 
Committee. 
- 
Director of Clessidra Private Equity SGR 
Agostino Gavazzi 
Director and Chairman 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committee 
 Chairman and General partner of Brianza Unione 
di Luigi Gavazzi e Stefano Lado Sapa 
Gerolamo Gavazzi 
Director and member of 
Executive 
Committee 
since 4 October 2021. 
 
Tito Gavazzi 
Director, Member of the 
Control, Risk Committee 
and 
Nomination 
Committee. 
 Director and General partner of Brianza Unione 
di Luigi Gavazzi e Stefano Lado Sapa  
 Director of Fides SpA 
Alessandra Maraffini 
Director, Chairman of 
the 
Sustainability 
Committee, member of 
Control Risk Committe 
and 
Related 
Parties 
Committee 
 
Valentina Casella  
Director, Chairman of 
Remuneration 
Committee 
and 
Chairman 
of 
Related 
Parties 
Committee, 
member 
of 
Sustainability 
Committee 
Director of Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A. 
-Director of Italmobiliare S.p.A. 
Laura Tulli 
Director, Chairman of 
Nomination Committee, 
Chairman of Tulli Acque Minerali S.r.l. and other

--- Page 149 ---
149 
member 
of 
Remuneration 
Committee and Related 
Parties Committee 
Offices in Family’s farms 
 
 
Board of Auditors  
NAME AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BANCO 
DESIO 
OFFICES HELD IN OTHER COMPANIES 
Emiliano Barcaroli 
Chairman of the Board of 
Auditors 
 auditor / legal auditor, member of Board of 
auditors, administrator, liquidator at numerous 
companies. 
 
Rodolfo Anghileri 
Standing Auditor  
 Chairman of the Board of Auditors of Brianza 
Unione di Luigi Gavazzi e Stefano Lado Sapa 
 Chairman of the Board of Auditors of Fides SpA  
Stefania Chiaruttini 
Standing Auditor 
 Chairman of the Board of Auditors of United 
Ventures SGR, United Ventures One Sicaf 
Euveca. 
 Indipendent Director of Fiera Milano S.p.A. 
 Director of Illimity SGR 
Stefano Antonini 
Alternate Auditor 
- 
auditor / legal auditor, member of Board 
of auditors, administrator, liquidator at 
numerous companies. 
Erminio Beretta 
Alternate Auditor 
 
auditor / legal auditor, member of Board 
of auditors, administrator, liquidator at 
numerous companies. 
Re Silvia 
Alternate Auditor 
 
auditor / legal auditor, member of Board 
of auditors, administrator, liquidator at 
numerous companies. 
 
All the Directors and Auditors listed above are domiciled for the office at the Issuer's registered office and shall 
be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for 31 December 2025. 
All members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Auditors meet the integrity and professional 
requirements provided for by the legislation and regulations currently in force.  
All members of the Board of Auditors are on the Register of Auditors. 
General Management 
NAME AND SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BANCO 
DESIO 
OFFICES HELD IN OTHER COMPANIES 
Alessandro DECIO 
CEO and 
General Manager 
- 
Director of Fides SpA; 
- 
Director of Anthilia Capital Partners SGR 
S.p.A.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and control bodies 
The fact that the members of Banco Desio administration, management and control bodies hold similar offices 
in other companies might cause potential conflicts of interests. Therefore, such potential conflicts of interests 
are managed in compliance with Articles 2391 and 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code, as well as with Article 36 
of Law No. 214/2011. 
Furthermore, the Issuer adopted a regulation (“Internal Procedure for transactions with related parties”) aimed 
at ensuring the transparency and formal and substantial correctness of transactions with related parties and 
associated persons, as well as the safeguards on conflicts of interest relating to the Board of Directors, the 
Board of Statutory Auditors and the Top Management of the Issuer. In accordance with the provisions of the 
Consob regulation on the subject and the current Bank of Italy legislation, the Internal Regulation for 
transactions with related parties and associated persons - approved by the Board of Directors - defines the 
processes of deliberation and supervision of transactions of greater and lesser importance with such persons. 
The provisions of the procedure also include the discipline of the Related Parties Committee (“Comitato per le 
operazioni con parti correlate e soggetti collegati”). 
7. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Entities controlling the Issuer 
As at the date of approval of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer was controlled by Brianza Unione di Luigi Gavazzi 
e Stefano Lado S.A.p.A. (which holds 50,41 % of the Issuer's share voting capital). The other qualifying 
shareholders of the Issuer (within the meaning of the notion of qualifying shareholders set forth under art. 120 
of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of February 24, 1998 (the “Italian Financial Law”) were Avocetta SpA (8,41%) 
and Vega Finanziaria SpA (7.38%). 50.01% of “Vega Finanziaria S.P.A.” voting rights are held by Mr. Lado Stefano. 
Arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer 
No arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent time result in a change in control of the Issuer, 
are known to the same Issuer. 
8. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFIT AND LOSSES 
Financial information relating to past years 
The information concerning the financial position and income of the Desio Group included in this Base 
Prospectus are taken from the Desio Group consolidated Financial Statements period ended 31 December 2022, 
which were approved by the Extraordinary and Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer on 27 April 2023. 
The Desio Group's consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022 approved by the Board of 
Directors on 9 February 2023 were prepared considering the Issuer's draft separate financial statements as at 
31 December 2022, approved without substantial changes by the General Meeting of the Issuer's Shareholders 
held on 27 April 2023. 
However, data for 2022 have been compared to those for 2021. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Desio Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are referred to in 
this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation and are available on the Issuer's 
website: https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/yearly-and-interim-reports.  
Auditing of the annual financial report and accounts 
Statement that the financial report and accounts referring to past years and contained in this Base Prospectus 
have been audited

--- Page 151 ---
151 
The Issuer states that both the separate and consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022 and 
2021 have been audited by the Independent Auditors, which expressed their opinion and made no remarks 
through specific reports, on 23 March 2023 (with regard to both the separate and consolidated financial 
statements as at 31 December 2022) and on 23 March 2022 (with regard to both the separate and consolidated 
financial statements as at 31 December 2021), respectively; the Independent Auditors' reports are referred to 
in this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation along with the relevant consolidated 
financial statements (see Paragraph 11.1 above). 
Indication of other information in the Base Prospectus which has been audited by the Independent Auditors 
The Base Prospectus does not contain financial information that has been audited by the Independent Auditors 
other than the financial information taken from the Desio Group consolidated financial statements as at 31 
December 2022 and 2021. 
Age of the latest audited financial information and accounts contained in the Base Prospectus 
The latest audited financial information referring to the Issuer and included in Base Prospectus have been taken 
from the Desio Group consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022.  
Interim financial reporting  
Between the date of publication of the Issuer separate financial statements and the Desio Group Consolidated 
Financial Statements and the date of publication of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has published the Interim 
Financial Report (on a consolidated basis) as of 31 March 2023. 
Without prejudice to the above, it is pointed out that the Issuer prepares and publishes consolidated half-year 
financial 
reports 
of 
the 
Desio 
Group. 
These 
reports 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/yearly-and-interim-reports. 
For interim financial reporting of the Desio Group of which the Issuer is part, investors are invited to consult 
the documentation made available on the website: https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/yearly-and-interim-
reports. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
As at 31 december 2022, Issuer’s (consolidated) petitum provision for liabilities and contingencies totalled Euro 
150,715,754 thousands, less than the provision of Euro 155,809,740 thousands recognized in the financial 
statements as at 31 December 2021. In setting up this provision, the Issuer considered: (i) potential liabilities 
associated to single proceedings and (ii) the reference accounting standards, which establish that provisions 
for liabilities shall be made when probable and quantifiable. 
Net provisions for liabilities and contingencies (including provisions for legal and tax disputes) totalled Euro 
11,507,896 thousands in 2022, more than Euro 9,915,251 thousands on the previous year. The Issuer does 
not deem these proceedings significant, when taken singularly. 
Between the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and the reporting date of the latest report and consolidated 
financial statements approved by the Issuer and audited, i.e. as at 31 december 2022, no events occurred which 
caused significant changes from the position reported above. 
Significant changes in the Issuer's financial or business position 
Between the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and the reporting date of the latest report and consolidated 
financial statements approved by the Issuer and audited, i.e. as at 31 December 2022, no event had occurred, 
which caused significant changes in the Issuer's financial and business position. 
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
The Issuer has not signed material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business, which could result in any Desio Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to holders of the financial instruments to be issued.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
10. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Group’s 2021-2023 Business Plan 
In execution of its capital management strategy, the Desio Group completed a program of NPL sales, particularty 
significant in recent years, with reference to both loans classified as non-performing and loans classified as 
UTP. The additional disposal transactions competed during the year led to a further reduction in the NPL Ratio 
(gross non-performing loans/gross loans ratio) to 3.3%, confirming a level in line with the best in the Italian 
banking panorama. 
The non performing exposures managed by the NPL Management unit of the Issuer (UTP+ non-performing 
loans) at 31 March 2023 had a total gross residual value (GVA) equal to Euro 427,337 thousand (of which 
54.85% UTP and 45.15% non-performing loans). 
11. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY ASPECTS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Banking Resolution under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Brrd) 
Banco Desio – as a bank - is subject to the Directive (EU) 2014/59, that is the so-called Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (“BRRD”), as implemented in the Italian legal framework.  
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the 
Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the “BRRD Decrees”), 
both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 November 2015. 
According to these provisions of law, in the event that the following conditions are met, the relevant bank shall 
be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of Italy, which operates in cooperation 
with the EU resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board) has determined that the bank is failing or is likely 
to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure 
of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest 
(that is, it is necessary for the achievement of and is proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives 
referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD and winding up of the bank under normal insolvency proceedings would 
not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent). In this context, an institution is considered as failing 
or likely to fail, alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of the capital 
requirements necessary to maintain its authorization to carry out banking activities; (b) its assets are, or are 
likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay 
its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public financial support in order to 
recover (except in limited circumstances). 
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to apply, 
on a stand-alone basis or in combination, the following tools:  
 
the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on commercial 
terms (except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect the effectiveness 
of the sale of the business tool or impose a material threat to financial stability): (a) the shares of the 
bank under resolution; and (b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
 
incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may transfer 
to the bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control): 
(a) the shares of the bank under resolution and (b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
 
the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or liabilities of 
a bank or of a bridge institution (e.g., impaired assets, such as non-performing exposures) to one or 
more asset management vehicles with a view to maximizing their value through the sale or orderly 
winding down; and 
 
bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally, (a) write-down the bank’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) and Tier 2 (“T2”) instruments; (b) write-down 
the eligible liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); (c) convert eligible liabilities into equity

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(shares or other instrument of ownership). 
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the bank’s 
creditors according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the corresponding Italian 
implementing rules) stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur losses greater than he would have 
incurred under normal insolvency proceedings (the so called “no creditor worse off” principle). 
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to the 
highest – is the following:  
 
holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
 
holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments;  
 
holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes; 
 
holders of senior non-preferred notes;  
 
holders of senior notes;  
 
depositors qualifying as large firms; and 
 
depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs.  
The deposits within 100,000 Euros are protected by the Italian Deposit Guarantee Schemes. 
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) are a new category 
of instrument introduced in Italy by the Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing Directive (EU) 2017/2399. 
They constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred obligations, ranking junior to senior notes 
(or equivalent instruments), pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and in priority to any 
subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, partially 
or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the “General Bail-In Tool”).  
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities in the 
form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and 
which, according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from the application of the 
General Bail-In Tool (infra). 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability and subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial 
support through additional financial stabilization tools. These consist of the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance 
with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute 
to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of 
non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses taken in accordance with the priority 
of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (“BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption”).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets 
the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the a relevant entity or, in certain circumstances, its group 
will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary 
public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the 
purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial 
stability. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and “eligible 
liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. “Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” or “MREL”). The aim is that the minimum amount should be 
proportionate and adapted for each category of bank on the basis of their risk or the composition of their 
sources of funding and to ensure adequate capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post 
resolution. The final draft regulatory technical standards published by the European Banking Authority (EBA) in 
July 2015 set out the assessment criteria that resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL for 
individual firms. The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a 
minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to supervision by the 
ECB) or to the Single Resolution Board (the SRB) for banks subject to direct supervision by the ECB.  
Although the bail-in powers are not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the rights of Covered 
Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee), the determination that securities issued by the Banco 
Desio Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and 
may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Banco Desio Group’s control. This 
determination will also be made by the relevant Italian resolution authority and there may be many factors, 
including factors not directly related to the bank or the Banco Desio Group, which could result in such a 
determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of 
a bail-in power may occur which would result in a principal write off or conversion to other securities, including 
equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the relevant Italian resolution authority will be obliged to consider in 
exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued by the 
Banco Desio Group may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential 
exercise of any such power and consequently its potential effect on the Banco Desio Group and the securities 
issued by the Banco Desio Group. Potential investors in the securities issued by the Banco Desio Group should 
consider the risk that a holder may lose all or part of its investment, including the principal amount plus any 
accrued interest, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon. 
With specific reference to the Covered Bonds, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not 
met out of the assets of the Cover Pool or the proceeds arising from it (and the Covered Bonds subsequently 
rank pari passu with senior debt), the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity 
on any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in Covered Bondholders losing some or all of 
their investment. In the limited circumstances described above, the exercise of any power under the BRRD or 
any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Covered Bondholders, 
the price or value of their investment in any relevant Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under any relevant Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, on 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(“Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860”) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the 
application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was published on the 
Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules specifying further the 
exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution authority may exclude, 
or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the write down or conversion powers where the 
bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
Furthermore, under resolution, the resolution authorities have relevant ancillary power aimed at ensuring a

--- Page 155 ---
155 
smooth resolution of the bank. In particular, they are entitled to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt 
instruments (such as senior notes, non-preferred senior notes and subordinated notes) issued by the bank 
under resolution or to amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
In general terms, the resolution authority is also entitled to cancel or modify the terms of any contract to which 
the bank under resolution is a party, to suspend the bank’s contractual obligations or to substitute a recipient 
as a party. 
On the other hand, the application of a resolution measure shall not, per se (i.e., provided that the bank 
continues to perform its obligations under the relevant agreements), make it possible to: (i) exercise any 
termination, suspension, modification, netting or set-off rights; (ii) obtain possession, exercise control or 
enforce any security over any property of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-default 
provisions; or (iii) affect any contractual rights of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-
default provisions. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in any case, the BRRD Decrees introduced strict limitations on the 
possibility to exercise the rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in case of resolution.  
As to the financing of the resolution action, the resources may be provided by the national Resolution Funds 
and the Single Resolution Funds. However, in accordance with the burden-sharing principle, the intervention 
of such funds is only admitted where a contribution to loss absorption and recapitalization equal to an amount 
not less than 8% of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank under resolution, measured at the time 
of the resolution action, has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other instruments of ownership, 
the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write down, conversion or 
otherwise. In any case, the contribution of the resolution funds shall not exceed 5% of the total liabilities 
including own funds of the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the resolution action. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal to amend certain provisions of the 
BRRD. The proposal includes an amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further harmonising the 
creditor hierarchy as regards the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured debt in resolution and 
insolvency. A new class of so called “senior non-preferred debt” was proposed to be added that would be 
eligible to meet the TLAC and MREL requirements. This new class of debt will be senior to all subordinated 
debt, but junior to ordinary unsecured senior claims. 
The proposal of the European Commission resulted in the adoption of Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 December 
2017 amending the BRRD with regard to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy 
which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 December 2017 and must be 
transposed into national law by the Member States by 29 December 2018. In this regard, the Italian Law no. 
205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions 
pertaining to “non-preferred" senior debt instruments. 
The envisaged amendments to the BRRD should not affect the existing stocks of bank debt and their statutory 
ranking in insolvency pursuant to the relevant laws of the Member State in which the bank is incorporated. 
In addition, the EBA has issued its final draft regulatory technical standards which further define the way in 
which national resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL. According to the SRB work programme 2020, 
during this year, the number of binding external MREL decisions is expected to reach 114, while 340 internal 
MREL decisions for relevant legal entities are envisaged. 
These proposals were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 entering into 
force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions apply as of 28 June 2021, allowing for smooth 
implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of significant 
revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2), entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD2 provides that Member 
States are required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements

--- Page 156 ---
156 
relating to the implementation of the total loss absorbency capacity standard (“TLAC”) applying from January 
2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, 
with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package 
includes, amongst other things: 
(a) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, 
criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and 
additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(b) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not 
G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion; 
(c) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(d) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. Changes to the 
BRRD under BRRD2 will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in 
certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the BRRD2 
provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL, the resultant 
shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be counted towards meeting the 
combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, the BRRD2 envisages a nine-
month grace period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of regulatory capital 
instruments and employees take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the Single Resolution Board published a non-binding policy named “Minimum Requirements 
for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, aiming at helping to ensure 
that MREL is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution plans for all types of banks, as well as 
promoting a level playing field across banks including subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. Such 
policy addresses the following topics: 
 
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to MREL 
calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Reform Package; 
 
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: (i) Pillar 
1 Banks are subject to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement that must be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that are subordinated 
to all claims arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution authorities shall ensure that 
the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are equal to at least 8% of total liabilities and own 
funds (TLOF); and (iii) non Pillar 1 Banks arewill be subject to a subordination requirement only upon the 
decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach of the No Creditor Worse Off principle, following a 
bank-specific assessment carried out as part of resolution planning; 
 
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively expand the 
scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, and it may waive 
subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal MREL at certain conditions. In 
addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibility to permit the use of guarantees to meet the 
internal MREL within the Member State of the resolution entity; 
 
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain types of 
cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the resolution entity to 
comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive the internal MREL of the legal 
entities that are part of the cooperative network; 
 
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how liabilities issued

--- Page 157 ---
157 
under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual recognition; and 
 
transition arrangements: the policy explains the operationalisation of transitional periods up to the 2024 
deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 2023, also stating 
that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on the MREL tailored to that 
bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in raising MREL-eligible liabilities). 
In July 2020, the EBA published a statement on resolution planning in in the light of COVID-19. The EBA states 
that it aims to reaffirm that resolution planning is crucial in time of uncertainty to ensure that resolution is a 
credible option in case of failure. The focus of the statement is ensuring that the current situation is effectively 
taken into account by resolution authorities while maintaining a "through the cycle" approach and ensuring that 
resolvability objectives are achieved. 
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal provisions of 
the revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRMR and CRR) in reply to questions raised by NCAs, 
addressing the following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain distributions; (ii) powers to suspend payment 
or delivery obligations; (iii) selling of subordinated eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities; (v) bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-in; (vii) write down or 
conversion of capital instruments and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of certain contractual terms in early 
intervention and resolution; and (ix) contractual recognition of resolution stay powers. As pinpointed by the 
same Commission, the notice merely clarifies the provisions already contained in the applicable legislation, 
while it does not extend in any way the rights and obligations deriving from such legislation nor introduce any 
additional requirements of the concerned operators and competent authorities. 
In April 2021, Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and TLAC has been 
published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC disclosure according – 
respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; (ii) draft uniform reporting templates, 
instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according – respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the 
BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, 
while Title II shall apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point 
(h) of Article 447 of CRR, and as of the date of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance with 
the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in accordance with 
Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the Directive (EU) 2013/36 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 and the Regulation (EU) 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 (jointly the 
“CRD IV Package”), which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (“SREP”). The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, 
strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital 
commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key 
purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity 
to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those 
revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. On 23 July 2020 the 
EBA issued the Final Report of the Guidelines “on the pragmatic 2020 supervisory review and evaluation process 
in light of the COVID-19 crisis”, aimed at making available to competent authorities a special procedure for the 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) for the year 2020. In particular, they identify how flexibility 
and pragmatism could be exercised in relation to the SREP framework in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Following the results of the SREP performed by the Bank of Italy, the Issuer has been required to meet, on a 
consolidated basis, a minimum CET1 Ratio of 7.60 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 9.30 per cent. and a 
minimum Total Capital Ratio of 11.50 per cent. to be applied for year 2023. 
The covered bond Directive and Regulation

--- Page 158 ---
158 
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending CRR have been 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. They apply from 8 July 2022. The Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 has been transposed into the Italian legal framework by Decree 190/2021, which designated the 
Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds, which was entrusted 
with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the Title I-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
as amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued 
starting from 8 July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 
February 2023, on 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. Such 
amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the definition of (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the 
conditions for issuing new issuance programmes and the interim discipline regarding new issues under 
issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 2023; (iv) the possibility also to banks with credit rating 
3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public supervision 
and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 provides 
for a number of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and the bankruptcy 
remoteness tools. The Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements of the liquidity reserve 
concerning the cover pool and introduces the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond 
structures in order to facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the 
Directive provides the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of covered bond 
issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for obtaining the authorisation 
to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a covered bond programme. 
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did not 
exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower the 
threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for additional 
requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In particular, the 
Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up to a 
maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing 
institution, without the need to consult the EBA. The Regulation also requires a minimum level of 
overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s insolvency 
or resolution.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction 
Desio OBG S.r.l. has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the Covered 
Bonds. 
Desio OBG S.r.l. was incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a limited liability company incorporated under 
Article 7-septies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, with Fiscal Code and registration number with 
the Register of Enterprises of Treviso-Belluno no. 04864650264, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA BANCO DESIO” - VAT 
number 10537880964, and part of the Banco di Desio e della Brianza group, enrolled under No. 3440 in the 
register held by the Bank of Italy in accordance with article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act (the “Banco 
Desio Group”). 
Desio OBG S.r.l. was founded on 27 February 2017 and its duration shall be until 31 December 2100. 
Desio OBG S.r.l. has its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, Conegliano (TV), Italy and the telephone number 
of the registered office is +390438360900 and the fax number is +39 0438 360962. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of Desio OBG S.r.l. is Euro 10,000. 
Guarantor Legal Entity (“LEI”)  
81560029A817A3152836 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Desio OBG S.r.l. is to purchase from banks, against payment, receivables and 
securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, in compliance with Article 7-septies of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bond Law and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated loans granted or 
guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued by such banks 
or other entities.  
Desio OBG S.r.l., indeed, will grant the Covered Bonds Guarantee to the benefit of the Covered Bondholders, of 
the counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the purpose to cover the risks inherent the purchased 
credits and securities and of the counterparts of other ancillary contracts, as well as to the benefit of the 
payment of the other costs of the transaction, with priority in respect of the reimbursement of the others loans, 
pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law.  
Since the date of its incorporation, Desio OBG S.r.l. has not engaged in any business other than the purchase 
of the Portfolio and the entering into of the Transaction Documents and other ancillary documents. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, Desio OBG S.r.l. shall not, without the consent of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in 
any business (other than acquiring and holding the assets backing the Covered Bonds Guarantee, assuming the 
Subordinated Loan, issuing the Covered Bonds Guarantee and entering into the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party), pay any dividends, repay or otherwise return any equity capital, have any subsidiaries, 
employees or premises, consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its property or assets 
to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the Conditions or the Intercreditor Agreement) or guarantee 
any additional quota. 
Desio OBG S.r.l. will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The directors of the Guarantor are:  
NAME AND SURNAME  
OFFICE HELD IN THE GUARANTOR 
OFFICES 
HELD 
IN 
OTHER 
COMPANIES

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Carlo Maria Rebay 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 Independent Auditor 
Alberto Re 
Director 
 Head of Finance at Banco di 
Desio e della Brianza 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing Director 
 Head of Financial Institutions 
Structured Credit at Banca 
Finanziaria 
Internazionale 
S.p.A. 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Via V. Alfieri, 1, Conegliano, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
No Board of Statutory Auditors has currently been appointed. 
Auditors 
The current independent auditors of Desio OBG S.r.l. is KPMG S.p.A., Via Vittor Pisani 25, Milan. 
KPMG S.p.A. is a member of Assirevi, the Italian professional association of auditors and as required by article 
17 “Setting up the Register” of Ministerial decree no. 145 of 20 June 2012 “Regulation implementing article 
2.2/3/4/7 and article 7.7 of Legislative decree no. 39 of 27 January 2010, implementing Directive 2006/43/EC 
on statutory audits of annual accounts and consolidated accounts (12G0167)”, KPMG S.p.A. is included in the 
Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministery for Economy and Finance. 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interest or other 
duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Quotaholders of Desio OBG S.r.l. are (i) Stichting Morricone, a foundation (stichting) incorporated under 
Dutch law, which owns a portion equal to 40% of the quota capital of Desio OBG S.r.l., and (ii) the Issuer, which 
owns a portion equal to 60% of the quota capital of Desio OBG S.r.l.. Desio OBG S.r.l. belongs to the Banco di 
Desio e della Brianza group. In order to avoid abuses, certain mitigants have been inserted in the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement, as better described in the following paragraph. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of Desio OBG S.r.l. will approve the payments of 
any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by Desio OBG S.r.l. prior to the date on which all amounts 
of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the Other Creditors have been paid in 
full. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position, and Profits and 
Losses 
The following tables set out non-consolidated balance sheet and income statement information relating to 
Desio OBG S.r.l. The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year. Such 
information is reproduced from the non-consolidated financial statements of Desio OBG as at and for the years 
ended 31 December – 2021 and 2022. The financial statements of are prepared in accordance with Italian law 
governing financial statements. 
Figures in Euros 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2022 
Total assets ..................................................................................... 
1,486,395,162 
1,665,922,463 
Net profit for the year ...................................................................... 
0.00 
0.00

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 – Emphasis of Matter 
The following paragraph relating to emphasis of matter is included in the financial statements of the Guarantor 
as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: “Attachment No. 1 of explanatory 
notes to the financial statements where Directors indicate that the Company's sole activity is the purchase of 
receivables by taking on loans under Italian Law No. 130 of April 30, 1999, as a part of transactions for the 
issue of covered bonds. As explained by the Directors, the Company has reported the financial assets purchased 
and the other transactions carried out as part of transactions for the issue of covered bonds in explanatory 
notes in compliance with Italian Law No. 130 of April 30, 1999, whereby receivables relating to each transaction 
are accounted for separately for all intents and purposes from those of the company and from those of other 
transactions. Our opinion is not qualified in relation to this matter” 
The reason for this emphasis of matter is that the Guarantor is a company incorporated under Italian law with 
the exclusive corporate purpose of purchasing assets in the context of covered bonds programmes. As such, 
the Guarantor is regulated by Italian Law No. 130 of April 30, 1999 (the “Securitisation Law”), which provides 
for the segregation of the assets of special purpose vehicles. In particular, the assets of the Guarantor 
purchased in the context of the Programme are segregated according to the Securitisation Law from (i) general 
assets of the special purpose vehicle (i.e., its quota capital) and (ii) any assets which the Guarantor may purchase 
in the context of any programme or transaction other than the Programme. The paragraph “Emphasis of matter” 
is about aspects already reported in the financial statements (or in the explanatory notes) but important for 
their full understandability. Moreover, the emphasis of matter explicitly clarifies that there are no specific 
remarks or qualifications on this aspect by the Independent Auditors because specifically required by the 
Securitisation Law. 
Capitalization and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalization of Desio OBG S.r.l. as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 10.000 Euro. 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
Desio OBG’s quota capital is equal to Euro 10.000 and has been fully paid-up by the relevant Quotaholders. 
Total capitalization and indebtedness  
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bonds Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with 
the Subordineted Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, Desio OBG S.r.l. has no borrowings or 
indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, 
liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent 
liabilities.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry 
out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with the 
Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office 
established in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 and shall be independent from the Issuer and 
any other party to the Programme and from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed also to the 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
BDO Italia S.p.A., incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale 
Abruzzi 94 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Milan no. 
07722780967. BDO Italia S.p.A. is included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for 
Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 167911. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about the Issue Date, as subsequently amended, with the 
Issuer, the Issuer has appointed BDO Italia S.p.A. as Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the 
relevant information from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of 
the eligibility criteria set out under Article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the Bank of 
Italy Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR with respect to the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) 
the compliance with the internal limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets set out under Article 7-novies of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations; (iii) the calculation performed by 
the Test Calculation Agent in respect of the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test 
and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement and the compliance with the limits set out under Articles 7-undecies 
and 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, with respect to the Covered Bonds issued and 
the Eligible Assets included in the Portfolios as determined in the Statutory Tests, in the Asset Coverage Test 
and in the Liquidity Reserve Requirement; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided 
by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) the segregation of the Eligible Assets 
included in the Portfolio according to article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (vi) the correct 
application and notification of the extension of the maturity of the OBG issued as required by Article 7-terdecies 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law; (vii) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the 
information provided to investors pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
The engagement letter is in line with the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations in relation to the monitoring 
activity and reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Board of Statutory Auditors 
(collegio sindacale) of the Issuer.  
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to 
the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, as 
more fully described under "Overview of the Transaction Documents — Asset Monitor Agreement".

--- Page 163 ---
163 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On 19 July 2017, the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the 
Covered Bond Guarantee pursuant to which the Guarantor agreed to issue, for the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors, a first demand, unconditional, irrevocable and autonomous 
guarantee to support payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme and other payments due to the Other Issuer Creditors. Under the Covered Bond Guarantee the 
Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become due 
and payable but which would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations 
of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law 
and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders will enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee: (i) following (a) the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or (b) the occurrence of a Resolution Event unless the Issuer has 
fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered Bond on the relevant payment date; and (ii) following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts shall be made by the Guarantor on the dates scheduled and for the amounts 
determined in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that, should a resolution pursuant to article 74 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act be issued in respect of the Issuer, although such event constitutes an Issuer Event 
of Default, the consequences thereof will only apply during the Suspension Period. Following an Article 74 
Event: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that such event may be temporary; and 
(ii) 
in accordance with Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the Guarantor shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds within the Suspension Period at 
their relevant due date provided that it shall be entitled to claim any such amounts from the Issuer. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice, informing such parties that the Article 
74 Event has been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again be responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties thereto have also agreed that, upon enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor shall be entitled to request from the Issuer — also prior to any payments are 
effected by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee — an amount up to the Guaranteed Amounts, in 
order to secure the Issuer obligations to the subrogation right of the Guarantor. Any sum so received or 
recovered from the Issuer will be used to make payments in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee. The 
parties have also agreed that the Guarantor shall no longer be entitled request to the Issuer payment of such 
amounts if a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Covered Bonds have been otherwise accelerated pursuant to the Conditions. 
The service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will result in the 
acceleration of the right of the Covered Bondholders of each Series of Covered Bonds issued to receive payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will demand the immediate

--- Page 164 ---
164 
payment by the Guarantor of all Guaranteed Amounts. Payments made by the Guarantor following the service 
of a Guarantor Event of Default shall be made pari passu and on a pro-rata basis to the Covered Bondholders 
of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the recourse of the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Issuer Creditors to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the Guarantor Available 
Funds. 
Furthermore, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that as of the date of administrative 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer or following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to 
the Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance with the provisions of 
Article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
against the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Guarantor Available Funds, 
provided that, pursuant to Article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, further to 
enforcement of the Guarantee, the Covered Bondholders shall participate to the final distribution of the Issuer’s 
assets in respect of any residual amount due to them with any other unsecured creditor including - pursuant 
to Article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law - any derivative transaction counterparty. 
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or there is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to the Covered Bondholders' 
and Other Issuer Creditors' rights against the Issuer pursuant to article 2900 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 17 July 2017, each of the Seller and BPS and the Guarantor entered into a Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law under which each of the Seller and BPS granted or 
will grant to the Guarantor a term loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to the relevant Total Commitment, 
for the purposes of (i) funding the purchase by the Guarantor of Eligible Assets from the Seller pursuant to the 
terms of the relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement and (ii) crediting into the Reserve Fund Account an amount, or establishing a cash 
reserve, which will be sufficient in order to comply with the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. As a consequence 
of the Merger, as defined under the Section headed “Banco Desio as Issuer and Seller”, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement entered into by BPS has been terminated. 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Lender has acknowledged its undertakings (i) 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, to transfer further Eligible Assets to the Guarantor and to 
make available to the Guarantor further Term Loans in order to fund the purchase of such assets, and (ii) 
pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, to make available to the Guarantor further Term Loans in 
order to fund any settlement amounts of the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio or any New Portfolio which 
may be due by the Guarantor under the relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement or in order to allow the 
Guarantor to credit into the Reserve Fund Account an amount, or establishing a cash reserve, which will be 
sufficient in order to comply with the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
The obligation of the Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Lender) to advance a Term Loan to the Guarantor 
under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement will be off-set against the obligation of the Guarantor to pay 
to the Seller the purchase price for the Eligible Assets funded by means of the relevant Term Loan. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date and subject to the Subordinated Lender having paid to the Guarantor any 
shortfall amount, the Guarantor will pay to the Subordinated Lender the amount of the Premium, if any, payable 
to the Subordinated Lender on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority

--- Page 165 ---
165 
of Payments and the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Interest and Premium, if any, payable in respect of a Term Loan shall be payable on each Guarantor Payment 
Date following the Drawdown Date (as defined under the Subordinated Loan Agreement) of that Term Loan, 
subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, each Term Loan shall be repaid on each Guarantor Payment 
Date subject to the written request of the relevant Subordinated Lender and the Issuer, according to the Pre 
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then Guarantor Available Funds, 
provided that such repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test 
and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Term Loans shall be repaid within the limits of the 
Guarantor Available Funds subject to the repayment in full (or, prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
the accumulation of funds sufficient for the purpose of such repayment) of all Covered Bonds. 
Governing law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement 
On 5 July 2017 each of the Seller and BPS and the Guarantor entered into the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreements, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which, each of the Seller and BPS will assign and 
transfer to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor will purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from the Seller, an 
Initial Portfolio and New Portfolios of Eligible Assets that shall form part of the Cover Pool, in accordance with 
articles 4 and Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and article 129, par. 1, lett. (d) of CRR (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time). 
As a consequence of the Merger, as defined under the Section headed “Banco Desio as Issuer and Seller”, the 
Master Loan Purchase Agreement entered into by BPS has been terminated.  
Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein, the Seller 
(i) may or shall, as the case may be, assign and transfer, without recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor and 
the Guarantor shall purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from the Seller, New Portfolios which shall form 
part of the Cover Pool held by the Guarantor, if such transfer is required under the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests, it being understood 
that, in accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, in case of 
violation of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement, the Seller will have the obligation to transfer, and the Guarantor 
to purchase, exclusively Liquidity Assets; and (ii) may transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, and the 
Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller such New Portfolios, in order to supplement the Cover Pool in 
connection with the issuance of further Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement or in order to ensure the adequacy of the Cover Pool already transferred to the 
Guarantor. 
In addition to (i) and (ii) above, under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement, prior to the delivery to the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice, the Seller may 
transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, which will fund the purchase price thereof through the principal 
collections then standing to the credit of the relevant Collection Account. 
The Purchase Price payable for the Initial Portfolio has been determined pursuant to each Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. Under each Master Loans Purchase Agreement the relevant parties thereto have acknowledged that 
the Purchase Price for the Initial Portfolio shall be funded through the proceeds of the first Term Loan under 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. The Purchase Price for each New Portfolio will be equal to the aggregate 
amount of the Individual Purchase Price of all Receivables comprised in such New Portfolio as at the relevant 
Transfer Date.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
In case the Purchase Price is paid with the principal collections then standing to the credit of the relevant 
Principal Collection Account and, upon the settlement procedure set out above, the Guarantor is required to 
pay amounts to the Seller in excess of the Purchase Price already paid, such amounts will be deducted from the 
amounts due to the Seller as repayment of the outstanding Term Loans and, to the extent no such amounts are 
available, through the proceeds of an appropriate Term Loan to be made available by the Seller as Subordinated 
Loan Provider pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
The initial Seller has sold to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased from the Seller, the Receivables 
comprised in the Initial Portfolio, which meet the Common Criteria (as described in detail in the section headed 
“Description of the Cover Pool”) and the specific criteria (as described in detail under the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement). Receivables comprised in any New Portfolio to be transferred under the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement shall meet, in addition to the Common Criteria, the specific criteria and/or any further criteria. 
Pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Seller will have the right to repurchase individual Receivables (including Defaulted Receivables) transferred to 
the Guarantor under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor will, prior to disposing of the Eligible Assets pursuant 
to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, offer to sell the Eligible Assets to the Seller at a price 
equal to the minimum purchase price of the relevant Eligible Assets as determined pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. If the Guarantor should subsequently propose to transfer such assets for a price lower 
than the minimum purchase price as determined pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, it shall 
again offer such assets to the Seller on the same terms and conditions offered by such third parties before 
entering into a transfer agreement with the latter. 
Governing law 
The Master Loan Purchase Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 5 July 2017, each of the Seller and BPS and the Guarantor entered into a Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
pursuant to which each of the Seller and BPS has given certain representations and warranties in favour of the 
Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself, the Portfolio transferred and to be transferred by it pursuant to the 
relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Real Estate Assets over which the relevant Mortgages are 
established and certain other matters in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds and has agreed to indemnify 
the Guarantor in respect of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that may be incurred, inter alia, in connection 
with the purchase and ownership of the relevant Portfolio. 
As a consequence of the Merger, as defined under the Section headed “Banco Desio as Issuer and Seller”, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement entered into by BPS has been terminated.  
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by the Seller as to 
matters of law and fact affecting the Seller including, without limitation, that the Seller validly exists as a legal 
entity, has the corporate authority and power to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is party and 
assume the obligations contemplated therein and has all the necessary authorisations for such purpose. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement sets out certain representations and warranties in respect of the 
Portfolio to which it relates, including, inter alia, that, as of the date of execution of the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, the Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio (i) are valid, in existence and in compliance with 
the criteria set forth under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, and (ii) relate to Mortgage Loan Agreements 
which have been entered into, executed and performed by the Seller in compliance with all applicable laws, 
rules and regulations. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Guarantor, its officers or agents or any of its permitted assigns from and against any and all damages, losses,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
claims, costs and expenses awarded against, or incurred by such parties which arise out of or result from, inter 
alia, any representation and warranty given by the Seller under or pursuant to the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement being false, incomplete or incorrect. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Master Servicing Agreement 
On 5 July 2017, the Master Servicer and the Guarantor entered into the Master Servicing Agreement, as amended 
from time to time pursuant to which the Guarantor has appointed Banco Desio as Master Servicer of the 
Receivables. The Master Servicer will act as the "soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei 
servizi di cassa e di pagamento" pursuant to the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and will be responsible 
for the receipt of the Collections acting as agent (mandatario con obbligo di rendiconto) of the Guarantor. In 
such capacity, the Master Servicer shall also be responsible for ensuring that such operations comply with the 
provisions of articles 2.3, letter (c), and 2.6 bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
As a consequence of the Merger, as defined under the Section headed “Banco Desio as Issuer and Seller”, the 
Sub-Servicing Agreement entered into by BPS has been terminated.  
Pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement the Master Servicer will transfer, and will procure that the Seller 
will transfer, the interest and principal collections with respect to the Receivables credited on the relevant 
account pertaining to the Seller to the Collection Account held with the Account Bank within the immediately 
following Business Day. 
The Master Servicer has undertaken to deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent and the Corporate Servicer, the Monthly 
Servicer's Report and the Quarterly Servicer's Report prepared on the basis of the information reported by the 
Master Servicer. 
The Master Servicer has represented to the Guarantor that it has all skills, software, hardware, information 
technology and human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards required by the Master 
Servicing Agreement in relation to the respective responsibilities. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Master Servicer's appointment and appoint a successor master servicer if 
certain events occur (each, a "Master Servicer Termination Event"): namely: 
(i) 
failure (not attributable to force majeure) to deposit or pay any amount required to be paid or deposited 
which failure continues for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of a written notice from the 
Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(ii) 
failure to observe or perform duties under specified clauses of the Master Servicing Agreement and the 
continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of written notice from the 
Guarantor; 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Master Servicer; 
(iv) 
it becomes unlawful for the Master Servicer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the 
Master Servicing Agreement; 
(v) 
the Master Servicer is or will be unable to meet the current or future legal requirements and the Bank of 
Italy's Regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a covered bonds transaction; 
Upon the occurrence of a Master Servicer Termination Event, the Master Servicer, if so requested by the 
Substitute Master Servicer or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, will immediate communicate to 
the relevant Debotrs the appointment of the Substitute Master Servicer and, as appropriate, will instruct the 
Debtors to pay any amount due in respect of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool directly into the relevant

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Collection Account. The Master Services has acknowledged that the Guarantor will use reasonable endeavours 
to appoint, also with the cooperation of the Back-up Servicer Facilitator, a back-up Servicer, within 45 days 
from the date on which the Master Servicer's long-term rating has been downgraded below "BBB-" by the Rating 
Agency.  
In the event that the short-term rating of unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the Master Servicer 
falls below "F3" by the Rating Agency, or in the event that the long-term rating of unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of the Master Servicer falls below "BBB-" by the Rating Agency, the Master 
Servicer shall immediately give notice of such event to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Rating Agency, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, and the Guarantor, and shall procure and maintain a first 
demand guarantee issued by an Eligible Institution, so to guarantee the obligations of the Master Servicer to 
transfer the Collections pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement, provided that, in the event the 
Commingling Amount is considered for the calculation of the Nominal Value Test in accordance with the 
provisions of Clause 2.3 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, and in case such test is satisfied, the Master 
Servicer shall not be obliged to realise the aforementioned activity.  
Governing law 
The Master Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law.  
 
Back-up Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to the Back-Up Servicing Agreement entered into on or about 29 July 2020, between Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A., as Back-Up Servicer, Banco Desio, as Master Servicer and the Guarantor, the Back-Up 
Servicer has agreed to be appointed and act as substitute Master Servicer under the same terms and conditions 
as those on which the Master Servicer was appointed under the Master Servicing Agreement (excluding for the 
fees for acting as substitute Master Servicer which have been agreed separately on the Back-Up Servicing 
Agreement). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Back-Up Servicing Agreement, the Back-Up Servicer has represented and 
warranted, inter alia, that it satisfies the requirements for a Back-Up Servicer provided for by the Back-Up 
Servicing Agreement.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Back-Up Servicing Agreement, starting from the appointment of Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. as substitute servicer, the Master Servicer has undertaken (i) to cooperate with the Back-
Up Servicer for a period of 12 (twelve) months, and (ii) to provide the Back-Up Servicer with a remote access to 
its information systems. 
Governing law 
The Back-up Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law.  
 
Programme Agreement 
For a description of the Programme Agreement, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Intercreditor Agreement 
On 19 July 2017, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors entered into the Intercreditor Agreement, as amended 
from time to time. Under the Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as to the application of the proceeds 
from Collections in respect of the Cover Pool and as to the circumstances in which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will be entitled, in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, to exercise certain of the 
Guarantor's rights in respect of the Cover Pool and the Transaction Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Creditors have agreed, inter alia: to the order of priority of payments

--- Page 169 ---
169 
to be made out of the Guarantor Available Funds; that the obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered 
Bondholders and, in general, to the Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor; and that 
the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the 
Guarantor Available Funds. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting 
pursuant to the Conditions, in relation to the management and administration of the Cover Pool. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Asset Monitor Agreement  
On 19 July 2017, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Test Calculation Agent and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, whereby each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor has appointed the Asset Monitor to perform the services set out therein — please see "The Asset 
Monitor" below. 
The appointment by the Guarantor will become effective only subject to, and with effect from, the delivery of 
an Issuer Default Notice, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the 
Asset Monitor will provide the services to the Guarantor up to the date on which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholder will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to the Issuer and, upon delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, to the Guarantor, to verify, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by 
the Test Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the 
Test Calculation Agent in relation to the Statutory Tests, the Amortisation Test and the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, with a view to confirming whether 
such calculations are accurate. Upon occurrence, as the case may be, of particular market conditions or situation 
regarding the Issuer that may affect the regularity of the Programme or the investors’ protection, the frequency 
of the verification of the Statutory Tests, the Amortisation Test and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement under 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement may be increased to a monthly frequency upon request of the Issuer 
(or, following the Issuer Event of Default, upon request of the Guarantor with the consent of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders) provided that the Asset Monitor has been previously informed. 
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services also for the benefit 
and in the interests of the Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the services under the appointment of the 
Issuer) and the Covered Bondholders and accepted that upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, it will receive 
instructions from, provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on its behalf. 
In addition, on or prior to each relevant date as set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has 
undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Issuer the Asset Monitor Report (as defined under the Asset Monitor Agreement). 
The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may, until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default without 
any prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, revoke the 
appointment of the Asset Monitor, in either case by giving not less than three months' (or earlier, in the event 
of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the Asset Monitor (with a copy to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency and the Calculation Agent). The Asset Monitor may resign from 
its appointment under the Asset Monitor Agreement, upon giving not less than three months' (or such shorter 
period as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, provided 
that the Issuer and the Guarantor shall give prior notice of such resignation to the Rating Agency and subject 
to and conditional upon certain further conditions set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement  
On 19 July 2017, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller the Master Servicer, the Account Bank, the Calculation 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders entered into the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, as amended from time 
to time. 
Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement: 
(i) 
the Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, the 
Collection Accounts, the Reserve Fund Account, the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Expenses Account, 
and the Guarantor Payments Account and to provide the Guarantor with certain reporting services together 
with account handling services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of such 
Accounts pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement;  
(ii) 
the Securities Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account may be opened upon prior written 
request from the Guarantor; with the Account Bank (for so long as it qualifies as an Eligible Institution) or, 
with the prior written consent of the Representative of the Noteholders, with any other Eligible Institution; 
(iii) prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Issuer Paying Agent and following to the delivery of 
an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor Paying Agent have agreed to provide the Guarantor (and, prior to 
the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Issuer) with certain payment services together with certain 
calculation services pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
and 
(iv) the Guarantor Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services.  
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) revoke its 
appointment of any Agent under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement by giving not less 
than three months' (or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants by the relevant Agent or - 
in case of the Account Bank or the Principal Paying Agent only - the loss of the status of Eligible Institution) 
written notice to the relevant Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Rating Agency), regardless of whether an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
Any Agent may resign from its appointment under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, 
upon giving not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Issuer and the Rating Agency subject to and conditional upon certain conditions set out in 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement the Guarantor has appointed Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as Back-Up Servicer Facilitator. 
Governing law 
The Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Cover Pool Management Agreement  
On 19 July 2017, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent,

--- Page 171 ---
171 
the Seller and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which they have agreed certain terms regulating, inter 
alia, the performance of the Tests with respect to the Cover Pool and the calculation of the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement and the purchase and sale by the Guarantor of assets included in the Cover Pool. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds 
and until the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms, the Seller has undertaken to procure that 
on any Test Calculation Date each of the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is met with 
respect to the Cover Pool forthe Statutory Tests, and the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement are met in accordance with the relevant provisions. In addition, on each Test Calculation Date 
following the service of an Issuer Default Notice (and on any date on which the Amortisation Test is to be 
performed) (provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), but prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify that the Amortisation Test is met with respect 
to the Cover Pool. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify if each of the Statutory Tests, Asset Coverage Test and Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement is met on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test Calculation Date 
any of the Statutory Tests, Asset Coverage Test and Liquidity Reserve Requirement was breached, on any 
following Monthly Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period. All of the following Statutory 
Tests shall be met with respect to the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests.  
The Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency and the Asset 
Monitor, not later than the Test Calculation Date (or Monthly test Calculation Date, as applicable) a report 
setting out the calculations carried out by it in respect to the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement and (to the extent carried out pursuant to Clause 3.1 (General undertaking to 
ensure Amortisation Test is met) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement) the Amortisation Test and other 
information (the "Test Performance Report"), it being understood that the Test Performance Report shall be 
provided no later than the Monthly Test Calculation Date in case of occurrence of any event described under 
Clauses 4.2 and 4.5 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. Such Test Performance Report shall specify the occurrence 
of a breach of the Statutory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test and/or Liquidity Reserve Requirement and/or 
the Amortisation Test and the Portfolio with respect to which a shortfall has occurred, identified on the basis 
of the Seller which transferred it to the Guarantor. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify each Test on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any 
such Test Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Calculation Date 
until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period. 
If the Test Calculation Agent notifies the breach of any Test and/or the Liquidity Reserve Requirement in 
accordance with Clause 4.2 (Breach of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, during the period 
starting on the date on which the breach is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the 1st (first) 
following Test Calculation Date (the "Test Grace Period"), the Guarantor (i) will purchase Eligible Assets, to be 
transferred by the Issuer in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure, also taking into account the information 
provided by the Test Calculation Agent in the Test Performance Report notifying the relevant breach, that as of 
the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the 
Cover Pool or (ii) shall take all necessary actions provided under the Transaction Documents so that as of the 
Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test Grace Period, the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is satisfied. 
For the purpose of allowing the Guarantor to fund the purchases referred to above, the Seller, in its capacity as 
Subordinated Lender, has undertaken to advance to the Guarantor a Term Loan in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement in an amount equal to the purchase price to be paid by the Guarantor for the 
Eligible Assets to be transferred by the Seller or to the amount necessary for the Guarantor to comply with the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement, also acknowledging that the Total Commitment set out from time to time under

--- Page 172 ---
172 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall not be a limitation with respect to the Seller's obligation to advance the 
Term Loans to the Guarantor in order to fund the purchase price for the relevant Eligible Assets. 
At any time prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets which are 
in compliance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter (b), of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law (the 
“Liquidity Assets”) included in the Cover Pool may not be in excess of the threshold set out under Article 129, 
paragraph 1(a), of the CRR. Should the result from any Test Performance Report show that the aggregate 
amount of Liquidity Assets included in the Cover Pool is in excess of the thresholds set out under Article 129, 
paragraph 1(a), of the CRR, then the Seller may, but shall not obliged to, transfer to the Guarantor New 
Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in order to cure such excess. In the meantime, the Liquidity Assets in excess of 
the limits set out in Article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR will not be computed for the purpose of the Tests. 
The Guarantor will not be allowed under the Cover Pool Management Agreement to purchase Eligible Assets 
from any other entities that are not part of the Banco Desio Banking Group. 
The Issuer, in its capacity as Subordinated Lender, undertakes to advance to the Guarantor a Term Loan in 
accordance with the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement in an amount equal to the purchase price to be 
paid by the Guarantor for the Eligible Assets to be transferred by the Issuer. 
Following the notification by the Test Calculation Agent that: 
a) 
on a given Test Calculation Date, the Statutory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the 
Amortisation Test have been breached; and 
b) 
after the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach has not been remedied in accordance 
with Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement during 
the applicable Test Grace Period,  
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will deliver, as the case may be: 
(i) 
an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or  
(ii) 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, if an Issuer Default Notice has already been served 
(provided that, should such Issuer Default Notice consist of an Article 74 Event, it has not served an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and the Amortisation Test is breached. 
Upon receipt of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall dispose of the assets 
included in the Cover Pool. The Issuer will not issue further Series of Covered Bonds following the breach of 
the Statutory Test and/or the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test which have not been cured or 
otherwise remedied. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor (also through the Master Servicer, pursuant to article 2.5.2 of the 
Master Servicing Agreement) will sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate the Eligible Assets included in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with this Clause 5, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to buy such 
Eligible Assets pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of 
Default consists of an Article 74 Event, such provisions will only apply for as long as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
The Eligible Assets to be sold or liquidated will be selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis by the Master 
Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor and so to ensure that the ratio between the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Cover Pool and the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of Covered Bonds remains 
unaltered both prior to and following the sale or liquidation of the relevant Selected Assets and repayment of 
the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (any such Eligible Assets, the "Selected Assets"). 
Before offering Selected Assets for sale or liquidating them, the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected Assets 
have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance which is as close as possible to: 
a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, multiplied by 1+

--- Page 173 ---
173 
(Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds/365)); minus 
b) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Payment Account and the Reserve Fund 
Account; minus 
c) 
the principal amount of any Eligible Assets consisting of deposits,  
excluding, with respect to items (b) and (c) above, all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor 
Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the applicable Priority of Payments (the "Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance"). 
The Guarantor through the Portfolio Manager - which may be appointed by the Guarantor upon the service of 
an Issuer Event of Default on the Issuer and the Guarantor - will offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate 
them for the best price or proceeds reasonably available but in any event for an amount not less than the 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance (the "Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount"). 
If the Selected Assets have not been sold or otherwise liquidated in an amount equal to the Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date 
(if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or the Extended Maturity 
Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds, and the Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to the credit of the Collection 
Account, the Payment Account and the Reserve Fund Account available to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds (after taking into account all payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then the 
Guarantor through the Portfolio Manager will offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate them for the best 
price reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount and provided that the Guarantor will sell or liquidate further Selected Assets as are necessary 
to generate proceeds at least equal to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale or otherwise liquidate part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a "Partial 
Portfolio"). Except in circumstances described under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the sale price or 
liquidation proceeds of the Partial Portfolio (as a proportion of the Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount) shall be at least equal to the proportion that the Partial Portfolio bears to the relevant portfolio of 
Selected Assets. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Event of Default on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor will through a 
tender process (to be carried out by the Guarantor Corporate Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) appoint a 
portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager") of recognised standing on a basis intended to incentivise the 
Portfolio Manager to achieve the best proceeds for the sale or liquidation of the Selected Assets (if such terms 
are commercially available in the market) and to advise it in relation to the sale to purchasers (except where 
the Issuer is buying the Selected Assets in accordance with its right of pre-emption under the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement) or liquidation of the Selected Assets. The terms of the agreement giving effect to the 
appointment of the Portfolio Manager in accordance with such tender, as well as the terms and conditions of 
the sale of the Selected Assets, shall be approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, provided 
however that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall never be responsible against any person 
whatsoever for the selection of, and the performance of the activities entrusted with, the Portfolio Manager so 
appointed. 
Following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice consisting of an Article 74 Event, the obligation of the 
Guarantor to sell or liquidate Selected Assets, as described above, shall cease to apply starting from the date 
on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and 
the Asset Monitor an Article 74 Event Cure Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Following the delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor shall immediately sell or liquidate all assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
procedures described above and the proceeds thereof will be applied as Guarantor Available Funds, provided

--- Page 174 ---
174 
that the Guarantor (or, in the absence, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) will instruct the Portfolio 
Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that such sale or liquidation is carried out as quickly as 
reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Management Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
The Swap Agreements 
Liability Swap Agreements 
The Guarantor may enter into one or more Liability Swap Agreements on or about the Issue Date of a Series of 
Covered Bonds with one or more Liability Swap Providers to hedge certain interest rate, currency and other 
risks in respect of amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds issued on that 
Issue Date. The aggregate notional amount of the Liability Swap Agreements entered into on each Issue Date 
shall be linked to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Liability Swap Agreements, on each Guarantor Payment Date, it is expected that the Guarantor will 
pay to the Liability Swap Provider an amount calculated by reference to the notional amount of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds multiplied by either a fixed rate or Euribor, possibly increased by a margin. In return, 
the Liability Swap Provider would pay to the Guarantor on the payment dates elected in the relevant confirmation 
an amount calculated by reference to the notional amount multiplied by a rate linked to the interest rate 
applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  
It is intended that each Liability Swap Agreement would terminate on the date corresponding to the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series and may or may not take account of any extension of the 
Maturity Date under the terms of such Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Liability Swap 
Agreement. 
Asset Swap Agreements 
Some of the Mortgage Loans in the portfolio purchased by the Guarantor from each of the Seller and BPS from 
time to time will pay a variable rate of interest and other Mortgage Loans will pay a fixed rate of interest. The 
Guarantor may enter into an Asset Swap Agreement to mitigate variations between the rate of interest payable 
on the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio and EURIBOR and to ensure sufficient funding of the payment obligations 
of the Guarantor. 
 
Mandate Agreement 
On 19 July 2017, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into a mandate 
agreement (the "Mandate Agreement"), pursuant to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
be authorised, subject to a Guarantor Default Notice being delivered to the Guarantor or upon failure by the 
Guarantor to exercise its rights under the Transaction Documents and, subject to certain conditions, to 
exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, in the interest of the Covered Bondholders and for the 
benefit of the Other Creditors all the Guarantor's right with reference to certain Transaction Documents. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Deed of Pledge 
On 19 July 2017, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors entered 
into the Deed of Pledge under which, without prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantee and other

--- Page 175 ---
175 
right provided by the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Deed of Charge, if any, securing the 
discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the Guarantor 
has pledged in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors all monetary claims and rights and 
all the amount arising (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) 
to which the Guarantor is or will be entitled to from time to time pursuant to certain Transaction Documents, 
with the exclusion of the Cover Pool and the Collections. In addition, pursuant to the Deed of Pledge, the 
Guarantor has undertaken to create a pledge (or other equivalent security under any applicable jurisdiction) for 
the benefit of Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors over any claim, deriving from (i) any deed or 
agreement, in addition to the Transaction Documents executed after the date of the Deed of Pledge within the 
context of the Programme and from which any right or claim may derive to the Guarantor, (ii) any further 
account opened by the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, and (iii) any Eligible 
Investments made in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, as well as 
any amount on account of principal, interest, profit or other amount deriving therefrom, including any amount 
on account of principal, interest, profit or other amount resulting from the realisation or liquidation thereof. 
The security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge will become enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law. 
 
Deed of Charge 
The Guarantor may enter into the Deed of Charge with the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant 
to which, without prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantees and other rights provided by the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Deeds of Pledge securing the discharge of the Guarantor's 
obligations to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the Guarantor will charge and assign in favour 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors all of its right, title, benefit and interest under the Swap Agreements, including the benefit of any 
guarantees thereunder, and right or title on or to any asset subject to English law. The security created pursuant 
to the Deed of Charge will become enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Charge will be governed by English law. 
 
Corporate Services Agreement 
On 5 July 2017, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor have entered into a corporate services 
agreement with the Guarantor Corporate Servicer (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain corporate and administrative services to the 
Guarantor 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Stichting Corporate Services Agreement 
Under the terms of the stichting corporate services agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between 
the Stichting Corporate Servicer, Stichting Morricone and the Guarantor (the “Stichting Corporate Services 
Agreement”) certain rules shall be set out in relation to the financial services to, and the management and 
administration of the Stichting Morricone and its rights and obligations in the context of the Securitisation as 
well as with respect to its remuneration for such activities.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
The Stichting Corporate Services Agreement and all non contractual obligations arising out or in connection 
with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Italian law. 
Governing law 
The Stichting Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
 
Quotaholders' Agreement 
For a description of the Quotaholders' Agreement, see "The Guarantor".

--- Page 177 ---
177 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if earlier, following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders, as follows: 
• 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
• 
the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are periodically performed with the intention of 
ensuring that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds; 
• 
the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is periodically performed with the intention of ensuring that the 
Liquidity Reserve is in an amount equal to or greater than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity 
Outflow expected in the next following 180 days; 
• 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, for the purpose of testing the 
asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds;  
• 
a Reserve Fund Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash flow from 
Interest Available Funds and Principal Available Funds, in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have 
sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to the Covered 
Bond or the Liability Swap Agreements (if any); and 
• 
the swap agreements that may be entered into in order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other 
risks, in respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts when 
they become due for payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
See "Cashflows" further, as regards the payment of amounts payable by the Guarantor to Covered Bondholders 
and the Other Issuer Creditors following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Compliance with the Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Seller must ensure that, on each Test 
Calculation Date prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests 
described below. If on any Test Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests or the 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement, then (i) the Seller will sell Eligible Assets to the Guarantor for an amount 
sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Test Calculation Date, in accordance with the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement, to be financed through the 
proceeds of the Subordinated Loans to be granted by the Seller, or (ii) the Issuer will take all necessary actions 
provided under the Transaction Documents to allow the Liquidity Reserve Requirement to be met on the next 
following Test Calculation Date, in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Statutory Tests and Liquidity Reserve Requirement 
The Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. In order to ensure that the statutory tests provided for under 
Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and under the Bank of Italy Regulations (the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
"Statutory Tests") are satisfied and that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds, the 
Seller must ensure that the three tests set out below are satisfied on a continuous basis. In order to ensure that 
the requirement provided for under Article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and under 
the Bank of Italy Regulations (the "Liquidity Reserve Requirement") is satisfied, the Seller must ensure that the 
requirement set out below is satisfied on a continuous basis. 
 
Nominal Value Test 
The outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests from time to time owned by 
the Guarantor (for the avoidance of doubts, this amount includes the aggregate amounts standing to the credit 
of the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account (in relation to the 
principal component only)) up to the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Euro 
Equivalent amount of the aggregate principal notional amount of all Covered Bonds at the same time 
outstanding (the “Nominal Value Test”).  
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date the Nominal Value Test was breached, on any following Monthly Test Calculation Date until 
the end of Test Grace Period, that the Nominal Value Test is met with respect to the Cover Pool for Statutory 
Tests. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall consider the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool for Statutory 
Tests as an amount equal to the "Nominal Value", which will be calculated, on each Test Calculation Date or 
Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, by applying the following formula 
A + B + C 
where, 
"A" stands for the "Nominal Value Test Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" of each Mortgage Loan 
in the Cover Pool for Statutory as at the relevant Test Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, 
as the case may be, defined as the lower of:  
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan as 
calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case 
may be; and 
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan multiplied by M,  
 
where  
a) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Receivables nor AFD, M = 0.80; 
b) 
for all Residential l Mortgage Loans that are Defaulted Receivables or AFD, M = 0; and  
"B" stands for the aggregate amount standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts, the Reserve Fund 
Account and the Guarantor Payments Account (as principal amount) and the principal amount of any 
Eligible Assets; and 
"C" stands for the aggregate of Eligible Investments. 
It is understood that any Eligible Swap Agreement is excluded from the calculation of the Nominal Value 
Test. 
 
Net Present Value Test

--- Page 179 ---
179 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify, on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, the Net Present Value Test was breached, 
on any following Monthly Test Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the Net Present 
Value Test of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests. 
For the purpose of the calculation of the Net Present Value Test above, the "Net Present Value of the Cover Pool 
for Statutory Tests" is an amount equal to: 
A+B-C+D 
where, 
"A" stands for the product of: 
(a) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(b) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor under 
or in respect of the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests;  
"B" stands for the product of: 
(a) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(b) 
the expected payments to be sent to or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the 
Eligible Swap Agreements;  
"C" stands for the product of: 
(a) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(b) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Eligible Swap Agreements in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments as well as, pursuant to Article 7-undecies of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, all other operational costs to be sustained by the 
Guarantor including perspective the maintenance and the management costs due in case of 
liquidation of the Porgramme (as detailed in the Test Performance Report);  
"D" stands for any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of (i) the Receivables 
and not yet applied under the relevant Priority of Payments;  
 
where: 
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Test 
Calculation Agent on each Test Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Tests are to 
be carried out pursuant the Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
 “Euro Equivalent” means at any date, in relation to any amount or payment referred to a loan, a bond, an 
agreement or any other asset the amount or payment referred to such loan, bond, agreement or asset at such 
date denominated in Euro where the exchange rate correspond to (i) the current exchange rate fixed by the 
MasterServicer in accordance with its usual practice at that time for calculating that equivalent should any 
currency hedging agreement be not in place or (ii) the exchange rate indicated in the relevant currency hedging 
agreement be in place. 
 “Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Test Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the best market practice and calculation based on market instruments. 
 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date the Interest Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Test Calculation Date until

--- Page 180 ---
180 
the end of the relevant Test Grace Period that the Interest Coverage Test is met with respect to the Cover Pool 
for Statutory Tests: 
The Interest Coverage Test will be considered met if, on each Test Calculation Date or Monthly Test Calculation 
Date, as the case may be, the Net Interest Collections from the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests (until the latest 
Maturity Date of the outstanding Covered Bonds) is at least equal to, or higher than, the interest payments 
scheduled to be due in respect of the Outstanding Principal Balance of all the Covered Bonds (the “Interest 
Coverage Test”), where:  
“Net Interest Collections from the Cover Pool” means, on each Test Calculation Date and Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be, an amount equal to the positive difference between (provided that such 
calculation shall be performed on the basis of prudent criteria to be coherent with the applicable accounting 
principles):  
A-B 
“A” is equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of 
the Cover Pool for Statutory Tests in each and all respective Calculation Periods (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible 
Investments of principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Cover Pool for 
Statutory Tests in each and all respective Calculation Periods) and any amount of interest accrued 
on the Collection Accounts, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account and 
any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Collection Accounts, the Reserve Fund 
Account and the Guarantor Payments Account in each and all respective Calculation Periods, 
provided that such calculation shall be performed on the basis of prudent criteria to be coherent 
with the applicable accounting principles; 
(b) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under any Eligible Swap Agreements 
prior to or on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(c) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under any Eligible Swap 
Agreements;  
“B” stands for the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered 
Bonds, and including payments under the Eligible Swap Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor 
Payment Dates. 
 
 Asset Coverage Test  
Starting from the Initial Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled 
or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor,  
the Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Calculation Date until the 
end of the relevant Test Grace Period, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least 
equal to the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the 
“Asset Coverage Test”). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, the “Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
A+B+C -Y-W - H - Z 
where 
“A” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible 
Cover Pool as at any given date, calculated as the lower of:  
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal of the relevant Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as 
at the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied 
by M (where M is equal to (a) 80 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In 
Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are more 
than 90 days In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) zero for all Defaulted 
Receivables),  
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance 
of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period: 
(A) 
a Residential Mortgage Loan or any security relating thereto was, during the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the representations and warranties contained in 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or 
otherwise cured such breach, to the extent required by the terms of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement (any such Residential Mortgage Loan an “Affected Loan”). In this 
event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) 
will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of 
the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period); and/or 
(B) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or the Master 
Servicer was, in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Master 
Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the 
resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation 
Period in respect of such Residential Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by 
the Test Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (A) above and 
to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller 
and/or the Master Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss 
a “Breach Related Loss”); 
AND 
(ii) 
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Residential Mortgage Loans 
in the Eligible Cover Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Residential Mortgage Loan 
shall be calculated as the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal of the relevant Residential 
Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, and 
(2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N 
(where N is equal to (a) 100 per cent. for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent for Residential Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 
days In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) zero for all Defaulted Receivables), 
 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), 
calculated as described in item (i)(A) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as 
described in item (i)(B) above,  
the result of which multiplied by the Asset Percentage.  
It being understood that in the event the Issuer chooses not to apply such other percentage figure of the 
Asset Percentage lower than 88 per cent (as defined under item (b) of the relevant definition), this will 
not result in a breach of the Asset Coverage Test. On 29 July Banco Desio communicated to the other 
Parties that in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, as of the date thereof the Asset 
Percentage is equal to 80%. 
For the purpose of the computation of the item A above, the Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans 
shall include the Outstanding Principal with reference to the relevant Valuation Date of any New Portfolio 
sold after the last day of the Collection Period and prior to the relevant Test Calculation Date (or Monthly 
Test Calculation Date, as the case may be), to the extent that (i) the calculation are made during a Test 
Grace Period or (ii) a Series of Covered Bonds has been issued or is to be issued during the same period 
of time and all the steps required under the relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement for the purposes 
of the purchase of the New Portfolio by the Guarantor having been taken and the relevant notice of 
assignment having been published in the Official Gazette and registered in the companies' register before 
the relevant Issue Date. 
“B” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts, the 
Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account as at the end of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up 
to a maximum nominal amount which cannot exceed, taking into account “C” below, 15 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date; 
“C” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Asset and/or Eligible 
Investments as the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication with the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts under “B” above) and up to a maximum nominal amount 
which cannot exceed, taking into account “B” above, 15 per cent. of the nominal amount of the aggregate 
Cover Pool as at such date; 
 “Y” is equal to the Potential Set-Off Amount; 
“W” is equal to the Commingling Amount; 
“H” is equal to the aggregate amount of the principal instalment of each Mortgage Loan which have been 
deferred in accordance with a Payment Holiday, as long as the relevant Mortgage Loan has a Payment 
Holiday, meaning that (a) during the Payment Holiday for each Mortgage Loan is equal to a fixed amount 
calculated as the sum of the principal component of each deferred instalment and that (b) after the end 
of the Payment Holiday the amount is equal to zero; 
“Z” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all 
Covered Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount 
of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor.  
In addition to the above, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Calculation Date that, in 
accordance with Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the overcollateralization 
of the Cover Pool complies with Article 129 of the CRR. 
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of (a) its interest 
and principal instalments or (b) its principal instalments in accordance with (i) the application of moratoria

--- Page 183 ---
183 
provisions from time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations 
and national consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the 
agreement reached by the Servicer and the Debtors. 
Liquidity Reserve Requirement  
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date that the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is 
met with respect to the Eligible Cover Pool.  
The Liquidity Reserve Requirement will be considered met if the Liquidity Reserve is in an amount equal to or 
greater than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow expected in the next following 180 days. 
The “Liquidity Reserve” will be equal to the amount of Eligible Assets comprised in the Eligible Cover Pool which 
are in compliance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, including 
the Reserve Fund Amount. 
The result of verification of the Liquidity Reserve Requirement will be set out in each Test Performance Report 
to be prepared and delivered by the Calculation Agent.  
Should the result from any Test Performance Report show that the Liquidity Reserve Requirement is breached, 
then the Seller may, but shall not obliged to, transfer to the Guarantor New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in 
order to cure such excess or alternatively, the Seller may repurchase Eligible Assets other than Liquidity Assets. 
Amortisation Test 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default 
Notice), the Cover Pool contains sufficient assets to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. The Amortisation Test will be considered met if, on the relevant Calculation Date, the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date. If the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount is less than the Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds, then 
the Amortisation Test will be deemed to be breached and if such breach is not remedied by the relevant Seller 
(or failing which, the Issuer) by the immediately following Monthly Test Calculation Date, a Guarantor Default 
Notice will be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor causing the 
acceleration of the Covered Bonds and a demand for enforcement of the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Test 
Calculation Agent, whilst Covered Bonds are outstanding, will immediately notify the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of any breach of the Amortisation Test. Following a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor will be required to make payments in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
A+B+C-Z 
where, 
"A" stands for the "Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" of each Residential Mortgage Loan in the 
Eligible Cover Pool as at the relevant Calculation Date, defined as the lower of: 
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal of each Residential Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period multiplied by M; and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan multiplied by M, 
(iii) 
where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent., for all Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In Arrears or 
not In Arrears, (b) 85per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 days In Arrears but 
are not yet Defaulted Loans and (c) 70 per cent. for all Defaulted Loans, 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately

--- Page 184 ---
184 
preceding Collection Period: 
(I) 
a Residential Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, an Affected 
Loan. In this event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) 
will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal of the relevant 
Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calcualtion Period) 
multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent., for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are 
up to 90 days In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent. for all Residential Mortgage Loans that 
are more than 90 days in Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) 70 per cent. for all 
Defaulted Receivables; and/or 
(II) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material representation 
and warranty under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or the Master Servicer was, in any 
preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Master Servicing Agreement. In 
this event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be 
deemed to be reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor 
in the immediately preceding Collection Period in respect of such Residential Mortgage Loan (such 
financial loss to be calculated by the Test Calculation Agent without double counting with the 
reduction under (I) above and to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the 
Guarantor by the Seller and/or the Master Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial 
loss); 
"B" stands for the aggregate of principal amount standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts, 
Reserve Fund Account and Guarantor Payments Account and the principal amount of any Eligible Assets 
at the end of the preceding Collection Period; 
"C" stands for the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer in respect 
of the Cover Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period which have not been 
provisioned as at the relevant Calculation Date to acquire further New Portfolio or otherwise provisioned 
in accordance with the Transaction Documents; and  
"Z" stands for the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) then 
outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds multiplied 
by the Negative Carry Factor. 
 
Reserve Fund Account 
The Reserve Fund Account is held in the name of the Guarantor for the purpose of setting aside, on each 
Guarantor Payment Date, the relevant Reserve Fund Amount. Such Reserve Fund Amount will be determined on 
each Calculation Date in an amount sufficient to ensure that, in the event that a payment is required to the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor would have sufficient funds set aside and readily 
available to pay (A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a 
Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of the net amount due to the Liability 
Swap Provider or the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Liability Swap Agreements 
are not in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due the 
Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a portion of a Series 
of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the portion of the Series covered 
by the Liability Swap Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider and the amount 
due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest amounts accruing 
will be the proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series) as calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice,

--- Page 185 ---
185 
the aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant 
Calculation Date in respect of the items (First)(a) to (Third) of the Pre- Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments, as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; plus (C) any additional amount that the Issuer 
has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order to create an additional stock to procure that the 
Statutory Tests are met with respect to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
CASHFLOWS  
As described above under "Credit Structure", until an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make payments when 
due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any corresponding payment from the Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and distribution of amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders of priority, the "Priority of 
Payments") (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer Event 
of Default (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) following a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
interest collected by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant Service Provider in respect of the Cover 
Pool and credited into the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Calculation Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant 
Service Provider and credited to the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Calculation Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts 
(excluding the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account) during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(iv) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(v) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and any principal payments under the Swap 
Agreements; 
(vi) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account;  
(viii) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available 
Funds and other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(ix) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Principal Available Funds" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant Service Provider in respect 
of the Cover Pool and credited to the Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible 
Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Master Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement;  
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal and any disinvestments of Eligible Assets;

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(v) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately preceding 
Collection Date; 
(vi) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(vii) 
any principal payment payable under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts;  
(viii) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the Collection 
Accounts; 
(ix) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments ; and 
(x) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments 
Prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor and the Issuer or service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, the Interest Available Funds shall be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (the 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments") (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of 
the Guarantor (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have been 
insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an amount as will 
bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Master Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the Back-Servicer Facilitator, the Stitching 
Corporate Servicer, the Account Bank, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Cash Manager, the Listing Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent 
and the Issuer Paying Agent; 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay any amounts due and payable to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments 
due and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or 
the relevant Swap Provider has become the Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade 
Termination Event (as defined in the Liability Swap Agreement)) other than the swap principal; 
(v) 
Fifth, to transfer to the Reserve Fund Account the relevant Reserve Fund Amount; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to allocate to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the amounts, if any, allocated on 
the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date and on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date 
pursuant to item (a) First of the Pre Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, net of any 
amount already allocated under this item Sixth on any previous Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vii) 
Seventh, to pay any Base Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement provided that the Statutory Test, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Requirement 
Test are satisfied on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(viii) 
Eighth, to pay any payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any Swap Provider not paid under 
item Fourth above; and 
(ix) 
Ninth, to pay any Premium Interest due to the Subordinated Loan Provider under the Subordinated Loan

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Agreement, provided that the Statutory Test and the Asset Coverage Test are satisfied on such 
Guarantor Payment Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty 
directly pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and not under the Priority of Payments.  
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments 
Prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, all Principal Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (the 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments") in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full: 
(i) 
First, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) to (e) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not sufficient to make the payments 
in full on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ii) 
Second, to acquire Eligible Asset (other than those funded through the proceeds of each Subordinated 
Loan); 
(iii) 
Third, to pay any swap principal due to any Swap Provider; 
(iv) 
Fourth, to repay each Subordinated Loan advanced by the Subordinated Loan Provider under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, provided the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are complied 
with (after such payment) and the Subordinated Loan Provider has requested the repayment of each 
Subordinated Loan pursuant to clause 6.2 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement; and 
(v) 
Fifth, to the extent that the Subordinated Loan Provider has not received amounts as repayment of each 
Subordinated Loan under item (d) Fourth above, to deposit, pursuant to clause 6.2.2 of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, the relevant amounts in the Collection Account. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty 
directly pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and not under the Priority of Payments. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date after the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor Available Funds shall 
be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date at the direction of the Guarantor 
in making the following payments or provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to 
the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of 
the Guarantor owed to third parties (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account have been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an 
amount as will bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable to the Master Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the Account Bank, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Back-Servicer Facilitator, the Stitching Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Cash Manager, the Listing Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent and the 
Guarantor Paying Agent; 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amounts, other 
than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the period 
commencing on (and including) such Guarantor Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date (the "Guarantor Payment Period") (i) to any Swap Provider

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap 
Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider has become the Sole Affected Party 
following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event (as defined in the Liability Swap Agreement)); 
and (ii) on the Covered Bonds;  
(v) 
Fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amounts in 
respect of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Period (i) to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due 
and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole 
Affected Party); and (ii) on the Covered Bonds;  
(vi) 
Sixth, to deposit in the Reserve Fund Account any cash balances until the Covered Bonds have been 
repaid in full or sufficient amounts have been accumulated to pay outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(vii) 
Seventh, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to the Swap Providers not 
paid under item Fourth or Fifth above; 
(viii) 
Eighth, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Transaction Documents, to the extent 
not already paid or payable under other items above; 
(ix) 
Ninth, to pay any principal due and payable to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; and 
(x) 
Tenth, to pay any Base Interest and Premium Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Application of Moneys following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default  
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor in making the 
following payments or provisions in the following order of priority (the "Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments") 
(in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor owed to third parties (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account have been insufficient to pay such amounts); 
(ii) 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the remuneration due to any Receiver 
and any proper costs and expenses incurred by it; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable to the Master Servicer, the Back-up Servicer, the Back-Servicer Facilitator, the Stitching Corporate 
Servicer, the Account Bank, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Cash Manager, the Listing Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor 
and the Paying Agent; 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) any amounts 
due and payable to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider 
has become the Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event (as 
defined in the Liability Swap Agreement)); and (ii) any interest and any Outstanding Principal Amount due 
under all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any Swap Provider not paid 
under item Fourth above; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Transaction Documents, to the extent 
not already paid or payable under other items above;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
(vii) 
Seventh, to pay any amount outstanding payable to the Subordinated Loan Provider under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
ACCOUNTS 
The Guarantor will open and, subject to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and the Master Servicing Agreement, shall at all times maintain, until the date upon which all Series 
of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their Conditions, the following accounts with the Account Bank: 
(i) 
the Collection Account; 
(ii) 
the Expenses Account; 
(iii) 
the Reserve Fund Account; 
(iv) 
the Guarantor Payments Account; and 
(v) 
the Swap Collateral Cash Account. 
The Guarantor has opened and will at all times maintain, until the date upon which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their 
Conditions, the Quota Capital Account. As this Agreement, the Quota Capital Account is opened with Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
The Guarantor undertakes to pay or deposit or cause to be paid or deposited, as the case may be: 
1. Collection Account 
(i) 
the amounts deriving from the Mortgage Loans, Eligible Assets, transferred to the Guarantor by 
the Seller; and 
(ii) 
any amounts received by the Guarantor from each Asset Swap Provider (if any) under the Asset 
Swap Agreements, if any, other than Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 
(iii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, any amounts payable under item Fifth of the Pre Issuer Event 
of Default Principal Priority of Payments, 
to the Collection Account; 
2. Expenses Account 
(i) 
on or about the Issue Date of the first Series of the Covered Bonds, the Retention Amount, and  
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the amount needed to fund the difference (if positive) between 
the Retention Amount and the balance of this account will be credited, 
3. Quota Capital Account 
the quota capital of the Guarantor, to the Quota Capital Account; 
4. Reserve Fund Account 
(i) 
the Reserve Fund Amount due under item Fifth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice; 
(ii) 
any Guarantor Available Funds to be applied in accordance with item Sixth of the Guarantee Priority 
of Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date after the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice but 
prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice; 
(iii) any amount equal to the Term Loan advanced by the Seller to the Guarantor in order to comply 
with the Liquidity Reserve Requirement; 
(iv) any amounts received under any Transaction Documents (other than amounts deriving from the 
Cover Pool or paid under the Asset Swap Agreements (if any) and credited in accordance with point 
(a) and (b) above); and 
(v) 
the proceeds of any sale of Eligible Assets,

--- Page 192 ---
192 
to the Reserve Fund Account; 
5. Guarantor Payments Account 
(i) 
any amounts received by the Guarantor from each Liability Swap Provider (if any) under the 
Liability Swap Agreements, if any, other than Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; and 
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date immediately preceding an Interest Payment Date, a Maturity 
Date and/or an Extended Maturity Date or an Extended Instalment Date, the amounts specified 
in the Payments Report in order to make payments of the amounts due by the Guarantor, 
to the Guarantor Payments Account; 
in each case in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
and the Master Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is comprised of (i) the Portfolio, which is in turn comprised of Mortgage Loans and related 
collateral assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement and (ii) any other Eligible Assets held by the Guarantor. 
The Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio acquired by the Guarantor (the "Portfolio"), consists of Mortgage 
Loans sold by the Seller to the Guarantor from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement, as more fully described under "Overview of the Transaction Documents — Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement". 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the 
Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible Assets, 
which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions 
of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of Loans and their Related Security and the transfer of any other Eligible Asset to the Guarantor will 
be subject to various conditions (the "Eligibility Criteria") being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date (except 
as otherwise indicated). The Eligibility Criteria with respect to each asset type will vary from time to time but 
will at all times include criteria so that Italian law requirements are met. 
The following assets (attivi idonei or "Eligible Assets") are considered eligible under Article 129, par. 1, lett. (d) 
of CRR (as amended and supplemented from time to time): loans secured by residential property up to the 
lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 80% of the value of the 
pledged properties. 
Eligibility Criteria for Mortgage Loans applicable to Portfolios  
Under the relevnt Master Loans Purchase Agreements, Banco Desio and the Guarantor have agreed the following 
common criteria (the “Common Criteria”) (see "Overview of the Transaction Documents — Master Loans 
Purchase Agreements" above) that will be applied in selecting the Mortgage Loans that will be transferred 
thereunder to the Guarantor: 
Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans that, as of the relevant Valuation Date, complied with the following 
criteria: 
(1) 
which are residential mortgages in respect of which (i) the relevant outstanding principal amount added 
to the outstanding principal amount of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same real 
estate property, does not exceed 80% of the current value of the real estate property securing the loan 
in compliance with the provisions of Article 129, par. 1, lett. (d) of CRR (as amended and supplemented 
from time to time), or (ii) if there is more than one real estate asset securing the relevant mortgage loan, 
at least one of such assets shall be a residential property whose ratio between the outstanding principal 
amount added to the outstanding principal amount of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the 
same property does not exceed 80% of the current value of the residential property; 
(2) 
in respect of which the consolidation period applicable to the relevant mortgage has elapsed and the 
relevant mortgage is not subject to appeal pursuant to Article 166 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency 
Code and, where applicable, Article 39, paragraph 4, of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993; 
(3) 
which have been disbursed or are owned by Banco Desio; 
(4) 
which are governed by Italian law; 
(5) 
which are in bonis;

--- Page 194 ---
194 
(6) 
in respect of which the debtor has paid at least one instalment (also considering an interest instalment 
only); 
(7) 
which provide for all payments on behalf of the debtor to be made in Euro; 
(8) 
providing for a repayment by monthly, bimonthly, quarterly or semi-annual installments; 
(9) 
which have been fully disbursed; 
(10) 
which have been granted to an individual or more individuals jointly; 
(11) 
which bear a floating interest rate (including a floating interest rate with a cap) determined from time to 
time by Banco Desio, or a fixed, or a mixed, or an optional interest rate 
(12) 
secured by a “substantially first lien” mortgage ("substantially first lien" meaning a first lien mortgage or 
a mortgage with a lien degree other than first but with respect to which the obligations of any higher 
ranking mortgages have been fully satisfied); 
(13) 
whose residual outstanding principal amount on the relevant Valuation Date does not exceed than Euro 
10 million. 
For the purpose of this section: 
“Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time), containing the regulations of the “Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” 
(Codice della Crisi d’Impresa e dell’Insolvenza). 
"Residential Mortgage Loan" means the mortgage-backed loans on residential property, provided that the real 
estate asset is placed in an Admitted State. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
"Admitted States" means, pursuant to Article 7-quinquies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, States 
belonging to the European Economic Area and the Swiss Confederation.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY  
The following is a general description of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law (as defined below) . It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of the legislation described below or of the other considerations relating 
to the Covered Bonds arising from Italian laws and regulations. Furthermore, this overview is based on Italian 
Legislation as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with 
retroactive effect. This description will not be updated to reflect changes in laws. Accordingly, prospective 
Covered Bondholders should consult their own advisers as to the risks arising from Italian legislations that may 
affect any assessment by them of the Covered Bonds. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law 
The legal and regulatory framework with respect to the issue of covered bonds in Italy comprises the following: 
• 
Title 1-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
"Securitisation and Covered Bond Law"); and 
• 
Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 
2013), as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"). 
Legislative decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the "Decree 190/2021"), transposed into the Italian legal 
framework Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which was entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations of the 
Title I-bis of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of 
Decree 190/2021. In this respect, the provisions of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, as amended by Decree 
190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued starting from 8 July 2022. 
Moreover, following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 
February 2023, on 30 March 2023 Bank of Italy issued the 42nd amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
providing for the implementing measures referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. Such 
amendment to the Bank of Italy Regulations provided for, inter alia, the definition of (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the 
conditions for issuing new issuance programmes and the interim discipline regarding new issues under 
issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March 2023; (iv) the possibility also to banks with credit rating 
3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes. 
In accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy did not 
exercise the option provided for in the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 that allows Member States to lower the 
threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations – as amended pursuant to the 42nd amendment, among other things, regulate: 
 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue covered bonds and 
the ability of issuing banks to manage risks; 
 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a group, may transfer 
as cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools; 
 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits;  
 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond transactions and the 
provision of information relating to the transaction;  
 
the publication of periodical information concerning the issuance programmes in order to enable 
investors to conduct an informed assessment of the cover bond programmes and the related risks;  
 
the interim discipline regarding new issues under issuance programmes already existing as of 30 March

--- Page 196 ---
196 
2023;  
 
the request for the authorization of the Bank of Italy for the establishment of new issuance programmes; 
and 
 
the requirements for applying for the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label. 
n 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy issued the 42th amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing the new 
European framework (i.e. Directive EU 2019/2162, Covered Bond Directive, and Regulation EU 2019/2160, 
Covered Bond Regulation), which introduces a supervisory regime on covered bond programmes which will be 
applicable to new covered bond issuance programs only. In case of new issuances – i.e. made after the effective 
date of the 42th amendment – in the framework of pre-existing programs, the banks shall guarantee the 
compliance with the new regulatory framework. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Article 7-sexies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law with respect to the 
issue of covered bonds may be summarised as follows: 
• 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets (i.e. the cover pool) to Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law special purpose vehicle (the "SPV"); 
• 
the bank grants the SPV a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment by the SPV of the purchase 
price due for the cover pool; 
• 
the bank issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee issued by the SPV for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging 
counterparties involved in the transaction. The Guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool held by the 
SPV. 
Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law however also allows for structures which contemplate 
different entities acting respectively as cover pool provider, subordinated loan provider and covered bonds 
issuer. 
The SPV 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and applying 
to covered bonds many provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. 
Accordingly, as is the case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian securitisation 
transactions, the SPV is required to be established with an exclusive corporate object that, in the case of covered 
bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the person giving guarantees in the context 
of covered bond transactions. 
The guarantee 
Article 7-quaterdecies of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law provides that the guarantee issued by the SPV 
for the benefit of the bondholders must be irrevocable, first demand, unconditional and independent from the 
obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the issuer in 
respect of its payment obligations under the covered bonds, the SPV must provide for the payment of the 
amounts due under the covered bonds, in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse to the 
amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. The acceleration of the issuer’s payment obligations under 
the covered bonds will not therefore result in a corresponding acceleration of the SPV’s payment obligations 
under the guarantee (thereby preserving the maturity profile of the covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, the SPV will be solely responsible for the payment obligations of the issuer 
owed to the covered bond holders, in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse to the 
amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. In addition, the SPV will be exclusively entitled to exercise 
the rights of the covered bond holders vis à vis the issuer's bankruptcy in accordance with the applicable

--- Page 197 ---
197 
bankruptcy law. Any amounts recovered by the SPV from the bankruptcy of the issuer become part of the cover 
pool. 
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer's payments, the SPV will fulfil the issuer's payment obligations, 
with respect to amounts which are due and payable and with limited recourse to the cover pool. The SPV will 
then have recourse against the issuer for any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-octies provides that the assets comprised in the cover pool and the amounts paid by the debtor with 
respect to the receivables and/or debt securities included in the cover pool are exclusively designated and 
segregated by law for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging counterparties involved 
in the transaction. 
In addition, Article 7-octies expressly provides that the claim for reimbursement of the loan granted to the SPV 
to fund the purchase of assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the rights of the covered bond holders and 
of the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Article 7-octies provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment by the SPV 
of the purchase price due for the cover pool are exempt from the bankruptcy claw back provisions set out in 
Article 166 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the SPV may not be subject to any claw-
back action according to Article 164 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
The issuing bank 
The Bank of Italy Regulations provide that covered bonds may only be issued by banks which individually satisfy, 
or which belong to banking groups which, on a consolidated basis: 
• 
have own funds of at least Euro 250,000,000; and 
• 
have a minimum total capital ratio of not less than 9 per cent. 
Banks not complying with the above mentioned requirements may set up covered bond programmes only prior 
notice to the Bank of Italy, which may start an administrative process to assess the compliance with the required 
requirements. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations specify that the requirements above also apply to the bank acting as cover pool 
provider (in the case of structures in which separate entities act respectively as issuing bank and as cover pool 
provider). 
The Bank of Italy Regulations furthermore provide that the total amount of eligible assets that a bank may 
transfer to cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions is subject to limitations linked to the tier 1 
ratio and common equity tier 1 ratio of the individual bank (or of the relevant banking group, if applicable) as 
follows: 
Ratios 
Transfer Limitations 
"A" range 
– Tier 1 ratio  9% 
No limitation 
 
– Common Equity Tier 1 ratio  8% 
 
"B" range 
– Tier 1 ratio  8% 
Up to 60% of eligible assets may be transferred 
 
– Common Equity Tier 1 ratio  7% 
 
"C" range 
– Tier 1 ratio  7% 
Up to 25% of eligible assets may be transferred 
 
– Common Equity Tier 1 ratio  6%

--- Page 198 ---
198 
The Bank of Italy Regulations clarify that the ratios provided with respect to each range above must be satisfied 
jointly: if a bank does not satisfy both ratios with respect to a specific range, the range applicable to it will be 
the following, more restrictive, range. Accordingly, if a bank (or the relevant banking group) satisfies the "b" 
range tier 1 ratio but falls within the "c" range with respect to its common equity tier 1 ratio, the relevant bank 
will be subject to the transfer limitations applicable to the "c" range. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect of the monitoring 
activities to be performed by the asset monitor. 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under Article 7-novies, 
see "Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria". 
Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond outstanding amount 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law provides that the cover pool provider and the issuer must continually 
ensure that, throughout the transaction: 
• 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount of the relevant 
outstanding covered bonds; 
• 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the SPV, including in 
relation to hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net present value of the relevant outstanding 
covered bonds; 
• 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by 
the SPV) are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer with respect to the relevant 
outstanding covered bonds, taking into account any hedging agreements entered into in connection 
with the transaction. 
In respect of the above, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are imposed on banks 
for the monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee on the cover pool. Such activities 
must be carried out both by the relevant bank and by an asset monitor, to be appointed by the bank, which is 
an independent accounting firm. The asset monitor must prepare and deliver to the issuing bank's s board of 
auditors, on an annual basis, a report detailing its monitoring activity and the relevant findings. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at least every 
6 months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors of banks must 
comprehensively review every 12-months the monitoring activity carried out with respect to each covered bond 
transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the evaluations supplied by the asset monitor. 
In addition to the above, the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the management body of the issuing bank 
must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management verify at least every six months and 
for each transaction carried out the completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors 
pursuant to art. 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the Bank of Italy 
Regulations require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be bound by appropriate 
contractual undertakings to communicate to the issuing bank, the cover pool provider and the entity acting as 
servicer in relation to the cover pool assets all the necessary information with respect to the cover pool assets 
and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that, following the initial 
transfer to the cover pool, the eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or 
supplemented in order to ensure that the requirements described under "Ratio between cover pool value and 
covered bond outstanding amount", or the higher over collateralisation provided for under the relevant covered

--- Page 199 ---
199 
bond transaction documents, are satisfied at all times during the transaction. 
The eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or supplemented by means of: 
• 
the transfer of further assets (eligible to be included in the cover pool in accordance with the criteria 
described above); 
• 
the establishment of deposits held with banks ("Qualified Banks") which have their registered office in 
a member state of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland or in a state for which a 0 per cent. 
risk weight is applicable in accordance with the prudential regulations' standardised approach; and 
• 
the transfer of debt securities, having a residual life of less than one year, issued by the Qualified 
Banks. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, however, provide that the assets 
described in the last two paragraphs above, cannot exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal value of the 
cover pool. This 15 per cent. limitation must be satisfied throughout the transaction and, accordingly, the 
substitution of cover pool assets may also be carried out in order to ensure that the composition of the assets 
comprised in the cover pool continues to comply with the relevant threshold. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations clarify that the limitations to the overall amount of eligible assets that may be 
transferred to cover pools described under "The Issuing Bank" above do not apply to the subsequent transfer 
of supplemental assets for the purposes described under this paragraph.”. 
Taxation 
Article 7-viciester of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, provides that any tax is due as if the granting 
of the subordinated loan and the transfer of the cover pool had not taken place and as if the assets constituting 
the cover pool were registered as on balance sheet assets of the cover pool provider, provided that: 
• 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book value of the 
assets constituting the cover pool; and 
• 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds will be 
entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on balance receivables for the purpose of 
tax deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance with Article 106 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law or interpretation issued by Italian Tax Authorities or any other Italian 
authority occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a 
decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as – among others - dealers 
in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.  
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
Decree No. 239 provides the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other 
proceeds arising from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest").  
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni 
(bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (hereinafter, the "Decree No. 917"), as amended and supplemented. For 
these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or 
without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the 
management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control 
the same. 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where Italian resident Covered Bondholders are:  
(a) 
individuals who are residents of the Republic of Italy for tax purposes holding the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than in connection with entrepreneurial activities (unless they have entrusted the management 
of their financial assets to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the regime named regime del 
risparmio gestito – “asset management option”, as described in section “Capital Gains tax” below);  
(b) 
Italian resident partnerships (other than società in nome collettivo, società in accomandita semplice or 
similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out commercial activities and professional 
associations;  
(c) 
Italian resident public and private resident entities, other than companies, and trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities; or 
(d) 
investors exempt from Italian corporate income taxation. 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding 
tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Covered 
Bondholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered 
Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant Interest must be 
included in their relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest will be subject to ordinary income 
tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the taxation on income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where Italian resident Covered Bondholders are (a) Italian resident companies or (b) permanent establishments 
in the Republic of Italy of non resident companies to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, and 
the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Covered Bonds will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva. However, Interest must be included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s taxable 
income and is therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (“IRES") (and, in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”)). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree No. 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, 
payments of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds made to Italian resident real estate investment funds 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs 
(together, the “Real Estate Funds”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of a Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (“Società di 
investimento a capitale fisso”) or a SICAV ("Società di investimento a capitale variabile") established in Italy 
(together, the "Fund") and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory 
authority, and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the 
holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end 
of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including 
minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from 
time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(so-called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, stockbrokers and other qualified 
entities, identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance, which are resident in Italy (“Intermediaries” and each 
an “Intermediary”) or by permanent establishments in Italy of banks or intermediaries resident outside Italy or 
by organizations or companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralized administration of 
securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance (which includes 
Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239. For 
the purposes of applying imposta sostitutiva, Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries are required to act in connection with the collection of Interest or, in the transfer or disposal of 
the Covered Bonds, including in their capacity as transferees. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change in ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change in the 
Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, directly

--- Page 202 ---
202 
by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to Article 6 of Decree No. 239, where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the 
imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is:  
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows Italian Tax Authorities to obtain appropriate 
information in respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of Italy as listed in 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996 as amended and supplemented by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 
2017 and possibly further amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11(4), lett. c) of Decree 
No. 239 (the “White List”); or  
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy (so called “supranational entities and organizations”); or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included in the 
White List even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of 
the payments of Interest and must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, 
with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and  
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a 
statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which 
the Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign 
Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply 
with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Covered Bondholders 
who do not qualify for the exemption. 
Covered Bondholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or 
partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant Covered Bondholder. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident 
guarantor under the Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian Tax Authorities will not 
assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not 
sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an 
Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities 
equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be treated, in certain circumstances, as a 
payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs 
of this section. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident Guarantor may be

--- Page 203 ---
203 
subject to an advance or final withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 
of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In the case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders, double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, 
reduced to nil) rate of withholding tax. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of 
the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by (a) an Italian company, (b) a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment in Italy of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected) or (c) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered 
Bonds are effectively connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale or redemption 
of the Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. The Covered 
Bondholders may set off any losses with their gains.  
Such taxpayers, in respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident, Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders. In this instance, "capital gain" means any capital gain not 
connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Covered Bonds 
carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, 
net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such 
gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains 
may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Covered Bondholders under (i) 
to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds (regime del risparmio amministrato). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and  
(ii) 
an express election for the regime del risparmio amministrato being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Covered Bondholder.  
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale 
or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation 
of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the relevant amount to 
the Italian Tax Authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholders or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholders 
for this purpose. Under the regime del risparmio amministrato, any possible capital loss resulting from 
a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of the Covered Bonds may be deducted from capital gains 
subsequently realized, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholders are not 
required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
(c) 
In the regime del risparmio gestito - “asset management option”, any capital gains realised by Italian

--- Page 204 ---
204 
resident Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets (including the Covered Bonds) to an authorised intermediary, will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any 
depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the year-end may be carried forward against increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Covered Bondholders 
are not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian 
law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Covered Bondholders; the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain categories of 
unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gain realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject 
to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the 
Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, 
to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds traded 
on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies 
provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner Covered Bondholders, in certain cases, file in due course 
with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Covered 
Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds not traded 
on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary is:  
(a) 
resident in a State included in the White List;; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included in the 
White List. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale 
or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets are

--- Page 205 ---
205 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, Covered Bondholders may benefit 
from an applicable tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the resident tax country of the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, Covered Bonds or other securities) as a result of death or 
donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in (a), (b) and (c) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000.  
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth 
by Italian law. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200 registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
only in "case of use" (caso d'uso) or in the case of "explicit reference" (enunciazione) or voluntary registration 
(registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (“Decree No. 
642”), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which 
may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bonds which may 
be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal 
value or redemption amount of the Covered Bonds held. The stamp duty cannot exceed Euro 14,000 if the 
Covered Bondholder is not an individual. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor 
the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, 
the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client - regardless of the fiscal 
residence of the investor - (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as 
subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended and supplemented, 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar

--- Page 206 ---
206 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian 
territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (“IVAFE”). The wealth tax cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000.00 for taxpayers different from individuals. In this case the above mentioned stamp duty provided 
for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply.  
IVAFE is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the 
State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring rules 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax 
purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income 
tax return the amount of investments (including the Covered Bonds) directly or indirectly held abroad. The 
requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are 
the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through the 
intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of income derived from 
the Covered Bonds have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are 
only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their total aggregate value does not exceed a Euro15,000 
threshold throughout the relevant year. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The 
Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of 
Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States 
to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on such instruments, Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date. However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional

--- Page 207 ---
207 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in the Programme Agreement entered into, on 19 July 2017, as subsequently amended, 
between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer and the Arranger. Under the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series which may from time to time be 
agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) 
shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Selling restrictions  
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds, specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds, which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member 
State:

--- Page 209 ---
209 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer or distribution of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a Base Prospectus pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(A) 
the expression “retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA.  
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the 
public in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or

--- Page 210 ---
210 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such offer 
of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any 
Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to or for the account 
or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds an offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise that in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The United Kingdom  
In relation to each Series of Covered Bonds, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree with the Issuer that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be; and

--- Page 211 ---
211 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or 
any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds and that such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all 
as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to any Covered Bonds may be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial Law 
and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1 (b) of CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time (“Regulation no. 11971”); or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Law and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Law, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (as amended from time to time) and the Consolidated Banking Act; and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
any other Italian authority. 
Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree) that:  
(a) 
it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed, and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place, or do anything 
in Ireland in respect of, any Covered Bonds, except in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) and any rules made or guidelines issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland in connection with the foregoing, including any rules made or guidelines issued 
under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the “2014 Act”) by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banco Desio which are not listed on a stock exchange and which 
do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will comply with the then applicable laws 
and regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not knowingly offer to sell such Covered Bonds to an Irish 
resident, or to persons whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or 
cause to be distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with such Covered Bonds. In 
addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, or Depository Trust 
Company (or any other clearing system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners) and 
have a minimum denomination of €500,000 or its equivalent at the date of issuance; 
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banco Desio which are not listed on a stock exchange and which

--- Page 212 ---
212 
mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a minimum denomination of €500,000 or 
US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bond which are denominated in a currency other than euro or US 
dollars, the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 (such amount to be determined by reference 
to the relevant rate of exchange at the date of first publication of this Programme). In addition, such 
Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream or Depository Trust Company (or any 
other clearing system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received by it in connection 
with the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to whom the document may otherwise 
lawfully be issued or passed on;  
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with (i) all applicable provisions of the European Union (Markets in 
Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (the “MiFID II Regulations”), including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs 
and OTFs)) thereto or any codes or rules of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and (ii) the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 of Ireland; with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to the Covered Bonds or operating in, or otherwise involving, Ireland and is acting under and 
within the terms of an authorisation to do so for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 and it has complied with any applicable codes of conduct 
or practice made pursuant to implementing measures in respect of the foregoing Directive in any relevant 
jurisdiction;  
(f) 
in respect of, any Covered Bonds, other than in compliance with the provisions of the 2014 Act, the 
Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland and any rules or codes of conduct or practice made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) 
Rules 2019 (S.I. No. 366 of 2019) and any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank 
(Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of Ireland; and 
(g) 
it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed, and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place, or do anything 
in Ireland in respect of, any Covered Bonds other than in compliance with the provisions of the Market 
Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) 596/2014), the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for 
market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (S.I. No. 
349 of 2016) and any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection with 
the foregoing including any rules made or guidelines issued under Section 1370 of the 2014 Act by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) shall be 
deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, supplemented, 
restated, consolidated or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing acts or measures, delegated 
acts, statutory instruments, rules and guidance in respect thereof. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of Germany in 
compliance with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any 
other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered 
Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in

--- Page 213 ---
213 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at 
their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Admission to Trading and Approval  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as Irish competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another 
Member State of the European Economic Area: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus, (ii) a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the management board of the Issuer 
dated 29 April 2022 and a resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor dated 21 April 2022. The giving 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the board of directors of the 
Guarantor dated 30 June 2017.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 
12-months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective Subsidiaries. 
Trend Information  
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Banco Desio and the 
Desio Group. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor. 
No Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Banco Desio and Desio Group since 31 
March 2023, and there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Banco Desio and 
Desio Group since 31 March 2023. 
Minimum Denomination 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such 
Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued 
in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the 
following documents may be inspected, free of charge, by physical and/or electronic means during normal 
business hours (except for Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) at the registered office of the Issuer, 
namely: 
(i) 
the 
Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee, 
available 
at

--- Page 215 ---
215 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/chiomenti_covered_bond_guarantee_chiom_6107
139_v1.pdf; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof, 
available at https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/articles-association;  
(iii) 
the Guarantor’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof, 
available 
at 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/28.07.2017_ass._e_statuto_0.pdf; 
(iv) 
Issuer’s press release dated 9 May 2023 on the consolidated results as at 31 March 2023, available on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Banco_Desio_consolidated_results_at_31_m
arch_2023.pdf 
(v) 
Issuer’s press release dated 12 April 2023 on the confirmation by the Bank of Italy of its decision on 
capital at the conclusion of its periodic prudential review process (s.c. SREP), available on the following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Srep_Requirements-
The_Bank_of_Italy_has_announced_its_decision_on_capital_ratios_on_conclusion_of_the_supervisory_re
view_process.pdf 
(vi) 
Issuer’s press release dated 30 March 2023 on the confirmation of the ratings assigned to the Issuer, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Banco_Desio-Fitch_confirms_the_rating.pdf 
(vii) 
Issuer’s press release dated 17 February 2023 on the closing of a transaction involving the acquisition 
by the Issuer of 48 branches from the BPER Group, available on the following website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/downloads/Banco_Desio-
Closing_finalised_for_the_acquisition_of_48_branches_from_the_Bper_Group.pdf 
(viii) 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/en/content/financial-statements-ad-reports-31-december-2022 
(ix) 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/Annual_Financial_Report_at_31_December_2021_
Clean_0.pdf  
(x) 
the non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 
December 
2022, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/Desio_OBG_Bilancio_2022_Completo_ENG.pdf  
(xi) 
the non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 
December 
2021, 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/DESIO_OBG_2021_eng2.pdf 
(xii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base Prospectus, 
available at https://www.bancodesio.it/it/content/documentazione-programma-di-emissione; 
(xiii) 
a copy of the terms and conditions and the rules of the organisation of the covered bondholder set out 
under 
base 
prospectus 
approved 
26 
July 
2022, 
available 
at 
https://www.bancodesio.it/sites/default/files/docs/Banco_Desio_OBG_Prospectus_26_07_2022.pdf;  
(xiv) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any 
listing 
authority, 
stock 
exchange 
and/or 
quotation 
system, 
available 
at 
https://www.bancodesio.it/it/content/emissione-obbligazioni-final-terms. In the case of any Covered 
Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for

--- Page 216 ---
216 
inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders.It being understood that this Base Prospectus, any supplement to 
this Base Prospectus, Final Terms and documents incorporated by reference shall remain publicly available in 
electronic form for at least 10 (ten) years after the relevant publication. 
Auditors  
On the basis of the resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer dated 23 April 2020, KPMG S.p.A. have 
been appointed as auditors of the Issuer for the period 2021 to 2029, pursuant to article 13, first paragraph 
and 17, first paragraph, of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 2010. KPMG S.p.A., with registered office in Milan, Via 
Vittor Pisani, No. 25, are registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by 
the Ministery for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the 
Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. KPMG S.p.A. is also member of Assirevi, the Italian association of 
auditing firms.  
KPMG S.p.A. audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Post-issuance Information 
Unless otherwise required by any applicable laws or regulations, the Issuer does not intend to provide any 
post-issuance information. 
Material Contracts 
Save for the Transaction Documents described under section “Overview of the Transaction Documents” on 
pages from 163 to 176 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective 
subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that 
have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered 
Bondholders. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear and 
Clearstream. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation 
to the Covered Bonds of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Websites 
The information on the websites does not form part of the prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the competent authority except websites related to the documents incorporated by reference.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
GLOSSARY 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Expenses Account, the Quota Capital Account, the Guarantor Payment 
Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account, the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap 
Collateral Securities Account (if any), the Securities Account (if any) and any other account opened from time 
to time in connection with the Programme but excluding any account related to swap collection. 
"Account Bank" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Milan Branch, in its capacity as account 
bank, or any other depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Account Bank to the Guarantor, 
the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Master Servicer, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Account Bank Report Date” means the date falling on the first Business Day of each month. 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2.1 (Amortisation 
Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Affected Receivables” has the meaning ascribed to the definition of “Crediti Colpiti” under art. 8.1 (Payment of 
Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Agents” means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Corporate Servicer. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation Test) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation Date following the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the principal amount of the issued Covered 
Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 (Amortisation 
Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Arranger" means BNP Paribas. 
“Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 Event has been 
revoked.  
“Asset Coverage Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.4 (Asset Coverage Test) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
“Asset Monitor” means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor, or any other entity that may be 
appointed as such, pursuant to the engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on 19 July 2017 and to the 
Asset Monitor Agreement entered on the same date.  
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the date of issuance 
of the first Series of Covered Bonds between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Asset Percentage” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Asset Swap Agreements" means any asset swap agreement that may be entered into between the Guarantor 
and a counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
“Asset Swap Provider” means any counterparty under any Asset Swap Agreement that may be entered into. 
“Attività Finanziarie Deteriorate” or “AFD” means any Receivable which has been classified as "attività finanziarie 
deteriorate" pursuant to the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 of 30 July 2008 containing the "Matrice dei 
Conti", as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means  Banca Finint S.p.A. or any other entity which may be appointed by the Guarantor, 
with the approval by Representative of the Covered Bondholders, pursuant to Clause 8 (Back-Up Servicer) of 
the Master Servicing Agreement. 
“Back-up Servicing Agreement” means the back-up servicing agreement entered into, inter alios, by the 
Guarantor and the Back-up Servicer on 29 July 2020 and any other back-up servicing agreement which may be 
entered into by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme.  
"Back-Up Servicer Facilitator" means Banca Finint S.p.A., acting in its capacity as back-up servicer facilitator of 
the Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Banco Desio” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A.  
"Bank of Italy Regulations" (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means the supervisory instructions of the Bank of 
Italy relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 
285 dated 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended and supplemented, containing the "Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche".  
“Base Interest” means the interest payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered Bonds and 
the establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from time to time. 
"Beneficiaries" means the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors as beneficiaries of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
“Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” means the Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time), containing the regulations of the “Business Crisis and Insolvency Code” 
(Codice della Crisi d’Impresa e dell’Insolvenza). 
“Business Day” means any day on which the T2 is open for settlement of payments in Euro. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, 
in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means that the 
Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be brought back to the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each Relevant Date 
shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which 
is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 219 ---
219 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will be 
the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(v) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business Day, then 
all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(vi) 
"No Adjustment" means that the Relevant Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date” means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on 
the second Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing 
that a breach of Test has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) the first day of the month and 
ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month until such time the relevant breach of Test 
has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement). 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, management and 
payments agreement, entered into on 19 July 2017 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent and the Account Bank, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
“Cash Manager” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., acting as cash manager pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Cash Manager Report” means the cash manager report provided by the Cash Manager in accordance with the 
Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg, with offices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance in respect of the Mortgage 
Loan and excluding Mortgages) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment 
and/or repayment of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgages Loan Agreements. 
“Collection Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, IBAN IT72A0343201600002212123975and any other Italian collection account which shall be 
opened by the Guarantor upon any entity part of the Desio Group becoming part of the Programme as Seller 
and Subordinated Lender, for the purpose of crediting therein collections pertaining to the portfolios 
transferred to the Guarantor by such entity in its capacity as Seller. 
“Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December. 
“Collection Period” means each quarterly period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of 
January, April, July and October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of March, June, September 
and December and, in the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (and including) the Valuation Date 
and ending on (and including) the 30 September 2017. 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Master Servicer in respect of the Receivables 
comprised in the Cover Pool.  
"Commingling Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an amount 
equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an amount calculated

--- Page 220 ---
220 
by the Issuer on a monthly basis equal to the maximum of the total amount of Collections and Recoveries 
expected to be credited to the Collection Account on the following 3 (three) calendar months and considering 
a 10 per cent cumulative prepayment ratio. 
“Commission Regulation No. 809/2004” means the Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of 29 April 
2004, implementing the Prospectus Directive, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in schedule 2 (Criteri Comuni per la selezione ed identificazione 
dei Crediti) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a clause of them. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Consolidated Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finint S.p.A., acting in its capacity as corporate servicer of the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about the 
Transfer Date, between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer 
will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor. 
“Covered Bonds” means each Series of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to be issued 
by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Programme Agreement. 
“Covered Bond Guarantee” means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer Creditors, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be redeemed 
on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of Covered 
Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond Instalment 
Date, the date falling seven Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment Date; 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is evidenced in 
the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets held by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
“Cover Pool Management Agreement” means the cover pool management agreement entered into on 19 July 
2017 between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, and the Asset Monitor, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
“Cover Pool for Statutory Tests” means, for the purpose of the calculation of the Statutory Test, the aggregate 
amount of Eligible Assets (including any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts) included in the Cover Pool 
provided that (i) any Attività Finanziaria Deteriorata (“AFD”) and any Defaulted Receivable will be excluded and 
(ii) any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the Latest Valuation exceed the percentage 
limit set forth under Article 129 of the CRR, will be calculated up to an amount of principal which – taking into 
account the Latest Valuation of the relevant Real Estate Asset – allows the compliance with such percentage 
limit. 
“CRD IV Regulation” or “CRR” means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and

--- Page 221 ---
221 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of the 
Receivables attached as Schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Criteria" means, collectively, the Common Criteria, the Specific Criteria and any Further Criteria. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the "Relevant 
Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA) " is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
1. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
2. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 








360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y








--- Page 222 ---
222 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 







360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y














360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y








--- Page 223 ---
223 
February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period. 
"Dealer(s)" means BNP Paribas and any other entity which may be nominated as such by the Issuer upon 
execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 (Form of Dealer Accession 
Letter) to the Programme Agreement. 
"Debtor" means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage Loan 
Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in 
respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having 
assumed the borrower's obligation pursuant to a Mortgage Loan Agreement under an accollo, or otherwise. 
"Decree No. 239" means Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge entered into on 19 July 2017 between the Guarantor 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors) in order to create security over the rights of the Guarantor arising under the Swap Agreements, as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time. "Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge to be 
entered into between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of 
the Covered Bondholders and of the Other Creditors), as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
"Defaulted Receivable" means a Receivable arising from a Mortgage Loan Agreement included in the Cover Pool 
which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or which has been classified as a credito in 
sofferenza pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
 “Delinquent Receivable” means any Receivable in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more Instalments due 
and not paid by the relevant Debtor for more than 31 days and which has not been classified as Defaulted 
Receivable. 
“Desio Group” means a banking group whose structure includes Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. as parent 
company. 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Documentation" means any documentation relating to the Receivables comprised in the Cover Pool. 
“Downgrade Termination Event” has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Liability Swap Agreement. 
"Drawdown Date" means the date on which a Term Loan is advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
during the Availability Period. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the earliest 
Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or Extended 
Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of

--- Page 224 ---
224 
such Series. 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such 
Series. 
“Eligible Assets” means the assets contemplated under article 7-novies of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law.  
“Eligible Cover Pool” means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets (including any sum standing to the credit 
of the Accounts) included in the Cover Pool provided that (i) any Defaulted Receivable will be excluded and (ii) 
any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the Latest Valuation exceed the percentage limit 
set forth under Article 129 of the CRR, will be calculated up to an amount of principal which - taking into 
account the Latest Valuation of the relevant Real Estate Asset - allows the compliance with such percentage 
limit; 
“Eligible Institution” means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of the 
European Union or of the United States (to the extent that United States are a country for which a 0% risk weight 
is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised approach), 
(i) whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least "F1" by 
Fitch or (ii) whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least 
“A" by Fitch or in case of Account Bank the Deposit Rating (if any) is at least “A" by Fitch or any other lower 
rating that do not affect the current rating of the outstanding Covered Bonds, provided however that any such 
bank qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity 
in the European Union and (b) the exposure vis-à-vis such bank has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-
hundred) days, in which case it may qualify at least for the “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. 
(c) of the CRR, and it being understood that, in case the Account Bank is an unrated branch of a rated parent 
bank, the Deposit Rating (if any) of the rated parent bank is not automatically assigned to the unrated branch 
if the unrated branch operates outside the rated parent bank’s country of incorporation. 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments (including 
without limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) which: 
(a) 
are denominated in Euro; 
(b) 
have a maturity not exceeding the next following Eligible Investment Maturity Date or which are repayable 
on demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty; 
(c) 
(except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other financial 
instruments (i) rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of the next 
Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the 
relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 
calendar days; or 
(d) 
in the case of a deposits, to the extent that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible Institution at its branch 
located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of 
the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days or (ii) any depository institution located 
in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity 
is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 calendar days, 
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of Covered Bond 
and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested 
amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do not consist, in whole or in part, 
actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may any amount available to the Guarantor 
in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of their 
subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 
1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European Union 
which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it may qualify at least for the “credit quality step

--- Page 225 ---
225 
2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment Maturity Date" means the third Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Eligible Swap Agreement” means any Swap Agreement which meets the requirements of Article 7-decies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
“EURIBOR” means (i) the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from time to time 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, or (ii) if such rate is unavailable at such time for Euro deposits, then 
the rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated pursuant to Condition 6 (j) (Fallback Provisions). 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Euro Equivalent” means has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B- 1210 Bruxelles. 
“Euronext Securities Milan” means Euronext Securities Milan, having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari, 
6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“ESM Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on 
behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari aderenti ) in accordance with Article 83-
quater of the Financial Law Consolidated Act. 
“Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date between the Issuer and Euronext Securities Milan. 
“European Delegated Law 2019-2020” means the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021, as further implemented from 
time to time. 
“European Economic Area” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union which adopt 
the Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Receivables" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Test Calculation Date, those Receivables 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of which the Portfolios 
comprised in the Cover Pool are in excess of any Eligible Assets necessary to satisfy all Tests on the relevant 
Test Calculation Date; minus (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal of those Receivables indicated by the 
Master Servicer as Affected Receivables pursuant to the provisions of clause 8.1 (Payment of Indemnity) of the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third party 
creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer Creditors and the Other Creditors) arising in 
connection with the Programme, and required to be paid in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or 
to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, IBAN IT49B0343201600002212123976, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of Covered 
Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Expiry Date" means the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their terms 
and conditions. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption payments in relation to a specific Series of 
Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Maturity Date in accordance

--- Page 226 ---
226 
with the relevant Final Terms.  
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling seven 
Business Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
"Facility" means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of clause 2 (Il 
Finanziamento) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Final Maturity Date” means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in full or cancelled.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such 
Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms contained in 
the applicable Transaction Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, 
the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue Date of the applicable Series 
of Covered Bonds. 
“Financial Law Consolidated Act” or “Financial Law” means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 
as amended from time to time. 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited - Sede Secondaria Italiana. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Further Criteria" means the criteria identified in accordance with clause 2.4.3 (Criteri Ulteriori) of the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available Funds 
shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, but prior 
to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered Bondholders 
with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable to the Covered 
Bondholders under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer)) and (ii) the Other Issuer Creditors pursuant to the 
relevant Transaction Documents. 
“Guaranteed Obligations” means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Amounts. 
“Guarantor" means Desio OBG S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
“Guarantor Available Funds” means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal Available Funds. 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finint S.p.A. acting as guarantor calculation agent, or any such 
other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
“Guarantor Default Notice” means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
the Guarantor and the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
“Guarantor Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of Default).  
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Milan Branch, acting in its 
capacity as guarantor paying agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on the 
27th day of each January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Business Day; and (b) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is 
required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Period” means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the second immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Guarantor Payments Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
and held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT03D0343201600002212123978 or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting and Accounting Standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standard Board (IASB). 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable by the 
relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than one calendar day. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means, with respect to each Receivable transferred pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement: (i) the Ultimo Valore di Iscrizione in Bilancio of the relevant Receivable minus all principal 
and interest collections (with respect only to the amounts of interest which constitute the Ultimo Valore di 
Iscrizione in Bilancio ) received by the Seller with respect to the relevant Receivables from the date of the most 
recent financial statements of the Seller up to the relevant Transfer Date (included) and increased of the amount 
of interest accrued and not yet collected on such Receivables during the same period; or, at the option of the 
Seller (ii) such other value, as indicated by the Seller in the Transfer Notice, as will allow the Seller to consider 
each duty or tax due as if the relevant Receivables had not been transferred for the purpose of article 7-
viciester, of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law.  
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the 
Guarantor from the Seller (or any other entity prior to its merger by incorporation into the Seller) pursuant to 
the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as defined in the 
Consolidated Banking Act or otherwise declared insolvent; and 
(B) 
in respect of any company, entity, or corporation other than the Issuer, that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable procedure of judicial 
liquidation, liquidation, administrative compulsory liquidation, any insolvency proceedings 
pursuant to the legislation applicable from time to time (including, inter alia and by way of 
example, pursuant to and for the purposes of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), instrument 
or measure for the regulation of crisis and insolvency (including, without limitation, and merely 
by way of example, the "concordato preventivo", “piano di ristrutturazione soggetto a 
omologazione”, “accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti”, as well as the “piano attestato di 
risanamento” pursuant to the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code), insolvency and/or 
restructuring procedures or procedures or similar instruments/measures pursuant to the 
legislation applicable from time to time (including, but not limited to, application for liquidation, 
restructuring, dissolution procedures, access to any of the measures set forth in the Business 
Crisis and Insolvency Code) or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a 
similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the 
Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the 
advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or

--- Page 228 ---
228 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement (and/or access to) of any of the proceedings under (i) above 
is made in respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise 
initiated against such company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by 
it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of 
its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction 
Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution 
in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2484 of the 
Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such 
case a winding-up, corporate reorganization or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant 
to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved 
in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous 
to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed 
to carry on business. 
“Insolvency Official” means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency procedure which may 
be opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the relevant 
Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment. 
“Insurance Companies” means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
“Insurance Policies” means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in relation to each 
Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the intercreditor agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between, inter alios, 
the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
interest collected by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant Service Provider in respect of the Cover 
Pool and credited into the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Calculation Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant 
Service Provider and credited to the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Calculation Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts 
(excluding the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account) during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(iv) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(v) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider 
under the Swap Agreements in the nature of interest (other than for the avoidance of doubt any Swap

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Collateral Excluded Amounts); 
(vi) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account;  
(viii) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available 
Funds and other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction 
Documents; and 
(ix) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period.  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bond or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest Coverage Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates determined in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment 
Date (in any other case). 
“Investor Report Date” means the date falling 2 (two) Business Days after each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or 
prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Master Servicer, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Issuer Paying Agent, 
setting out certain information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a Interest Payment Date (or, in case of the 
first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date (or, in case of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Issuer Downgrading Event" means (i) with reference to the Potential Set-Off Amount, the Issuer being 
downgraded below “BBB-” or “F3” by the Rating Agency and (ii) with reference to the Commingling Amount, the 
Issuer being downgraded below “BB+” (long term) or “B” (short term) by the Rating Agency.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset the most recent valuation of the 
relevant property performed in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s “New regulations for the prudential 
supervision of banks” (Circular No. 263 of 27 December 2006, as from time to time amended). 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, demands, 
expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including legal fees and any taxes 
and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect 
of any sum referred in this definition. 
"Liability Swap Agreements" means the swap agreements that may be entered into on or about each Issue Date 
between the Guarantor and a liability swap provider. 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a liability swap provider to the Guarantor pursuant to a 
Liability Swap Agreement. 
“Liquidity Assets” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 4.3.2 (Eligible Assets Limits) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
“Liquidity Reserve Requirement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.7 (Liquidity Reserve 
Requirement) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Loan Event of Default" means any of the events specified as such in clause 8 (Eventi Rilevanti - Decadenza dal 
Beneficio del Termine) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"LTV" means, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined as the ratio between the 
Outstanding Principal Balance and the Latest Valuation of the relevant Real Estate Assets relating to the relevant 
Mortgage Loan. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Margin" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Final Terms. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means the master definitions agreement, entered into on 19 July 2017 between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into on 5 July 2017 
between the Guarantor and the Seller, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Master Servicer” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. in its capacity master servicer pursuant to the 
Master Servicing Agreement. 
“Master Servicer Quarterly Report” means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Master Servicer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Servicing Agreement.  
"Master Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca del 
mandato del Master Servicer) of the Master Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate the 
Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Master Servicing Agreement" means the master servicing agreement entered into on 5 July 2017 between the 
Guarantor, the Issuer and the Master Servicer, as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
“Maturity Date” means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered Bonds become 
due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the Extended Maturity Date. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
“Member State” means a member State of the European Union. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Monthly Master Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Master Servicer on each Monthly 
Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant Collection 
Period, prepared in accordance with the Master Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Master Servicer, inter 
alios, to the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor. 
"Monthly Master Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the thirteenth calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, such date as 
may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
“Monthly Test Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a 
breach of Tests has occurred, the 20th day of the month immediately following the date on which such Test 
Performance Report was sent and, thereafter, the 20th day of each month until the end of the relevant Test 
Grace Period in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, or, if any such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
“Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement out of which the Receivables 
arise. 
“Mortgage Loan” means a Residential Mortgage Loan. 
“Mortgages” means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant to 
Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in favour of the 
Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a Mortgage Loan, and/or 
his/her successor in interest. 
“Negative Carry Factor” means “0.5%” or such other percentage procured by the Issuer on behalf of the 
Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to the Test Calculation Agent. 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and interest 
payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover Pool, calculated 
in accordance with article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, it being understood that, when the Maturity Date of a Series may be extended to the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series to be taken into account shall be 
based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
“Net Present Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present Value Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Net Present Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
“New Portfolio” means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolios), comprising Eligible Assets, 
which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions 
of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Nominal Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value Test) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
“Obligations” means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Transaction Documents. 
“OFAC Regulations” means the rules and regulations enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Department of Treasury (OFAC). 
“Offer Date” means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) Business Days prior to each 
Transfer Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy” or “Official Gazette” means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” means the association of the Covered Bondholders, organised 
pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
“Other Creditors” means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Master Servicer, the Back-Up 
Servicer Facilitator, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account 
Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Stitching Corporate Servicer, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Provider, 
the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, the Back-up Servicer and any other creditors which may, from 
time to time, be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying Agent, any Liability 
Swap Provider, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor which may from time to time be identified as 
such in the context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum of all (i) Principal 
Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due at such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, where 
applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of such Series 
or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II (Meetings of the Covered 
Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders, the principal amount of any 
Covered Bonds in such Series of (where applicable) all such Series held by, or by any Person for the 
benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means any principal balance outstanding in respect of a Mortgage Loan or any 
principal balance outstanding or in respect of a Series of Covered Bond, as the case may be. 
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of (a) its interest 
and principal instalments or (b) its principal instalments in accordance with (i) the application of moratoria 
provisions from time to time granted to Debtors by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations 
and national consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or other regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the 
agreement reached by the Master Servicer and the Debtors. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement on the second Business Day prior to each 
Guarantor Payment Date with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered Bondholder 
receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
“Pledged Accounts” means the Swap Collateral Cash Account and any future account that might be pledged in 
the context of the Programme. 
“Portfolio” means the portfolios transferred by Banco Desio to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement, it being understood that the Portfolio of the Seller will include other portfolios of Eligible 
Assets transferred to the Guarantor from other sellers merged into the Seller.  
“Portfolio Manager” means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 (Portfolio Manager) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available 
Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Potential Set-Off Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an amount 
equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an amount of the Cover 
Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit owed by any such Debtor 
towards the Seller. Such amount will be calculated by the Test Calculation Agent (based on the aggregate 
information provided by the Master Servicer) on a quarterly basis on each Test Calculation Date and/or on each 
other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder.  
"Principal Available Funds" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant Service Provider in respect of 
the Cover Pool and credited to the Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible 
Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Master Servicer and/or each relevant Service 
Provider and credited to the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Calculation Date; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement;  
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal and any disinvestments of Eligible Assets;  
(v) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately preceding 
Collection Date; 
(vi) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period;

--- Page 234 ---
234 
(vii) 
any payment made under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and 
payments in the nature of interest;  
(viii) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the Collection 
Accounts; 
(ix) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; and 
(x) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Guarantee 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that currency 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand 
dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by 
the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
“Principal Instalment” means the principal component of each Instalment. 
“Priority of Payments” means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments or the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments, as the case may be. 
“Privacy Law” means (i) the EU Regulation n. 679/2016 (“General Data Protection Regulation” – “GDPR”); (ii) the 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, modified or supplemented; as 
well as (iii) any regulations, guidelines and provisions, from time to time applicable, concerning the protection 
of personal data, adopted by the Supervisory Authority or other competent authority. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni bancarie 
garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
“Programme Agreement” means the programme agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between, inter alios, 
the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Dealers, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Programme Amount” means € 3,000,000,000. 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
attached to these Conditions. 
"Prospectus" means the prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered Bonds and the 
establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from time to time. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time.  
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 December 
2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche) as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
"Purchase Price" means, in relation to the Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio transferred by the Seller, the 
consideration paid by the Guarantor to the Seller for the transfer thereof, calculated in accordance with the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in Condition 7 (f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form set out in schedule 5 to the

--- Page 235 ---
235 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, or such other form which may, from time to time, be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Issuer Paying Agent or Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, by any Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to 
redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
"Quarterly Master Servicer's Report" means the quarterly report delivered by the Master Servicer on each 
Quarterly Master Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the 
relevant Collection Periods prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer 
to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders and the Rating Agency. 
"Quarterly Master Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the 14th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year or if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, such 
date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
“Quotaholders' Agreement” means the agreement entered into on 19 July 2017 between Banco di Desio e della 
Brianza S.p.A., Stichting Morricone, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Quotaholders” means each of Stichting Morricone and Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A.. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
“Quota Capital Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., IT 44 D 03266 61620 000014006035 for the deposit of the Quota 
Capital. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Series of Covered Bonds  specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and /or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating Agency" means Fitch. 
“Real Estate Assets” means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure the 
Receivables and each of them the “Real Estate Asset”. 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the Mortgage Loan 
Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant Transfer Date; 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on the Mortgage 
Loans as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses (but excluding any collection expenses applicable 
to the Instalments) and in relation to any losses, costs, indemnities and damages and any other amount 
due to the Seller in relation to the Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including penalties 
and any other amount due to the Seller in the case of prepayments of the Mortgage Loans, and to the 
warranties and insurance related thereto, including the rights in relation to the reimbursement of legal, 
judicial and other possible expenses incurred in connection with the collection and recovery of all 
amounts due in relation to the Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in respect of the 
Mortgage Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to any liens (vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o garanzie

--- Page 236 ---
236 
personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the fidejussioni 
omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mortgage 
Loans), including any other guarantee granted in favour of the Seller in connection with the Mortgage 
Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
“Receivables In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any Receivable which has one or more 
instalment that has become due and payable by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for 
more than one calendar day.  
“Receiver” means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver appointed in accordance with clause 7 
(Appointment of Receiver) of the Deed of Charge. 
“Records” means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Recoveries” means any amounts received or recovered by the Master Servicer or by each Service Provider in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Loans and any 
Deliquent Receivable. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding 
the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) 
on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment 
Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other clearing system (other than 
Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which payments 
under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the payment 
in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders. 
"Relevant Dealer(s) " means, in relation to a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement (whether 
oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription

--- Page 237 ---
237 
by such Dealer(s) of such Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finint S.p.A., acting in its capacity as representative 
of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Deed of 
Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Conditions and the Final Terms of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Reserve Fund Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank IBAN IT26C0343201600002212123977, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Reserve Fund Amount" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of: 
i. 
interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a Series of Covered 
Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of the net amount due to the Liability Swap 
Provider or the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Liability Swap Agreements 
are not in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due to 
the Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a portion of 
a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the portion of the 
Series covered by the Liability Swap Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap 
Provider and the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining 
portion, the interest amounts accruing will be the proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of 
such Series) in each case as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation 
Date, plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount to be paid by the 
Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant Calculation Date in respect of 
the items (First)(a) to (Third) (each inclusive) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; plus  
ii. 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order to create 
an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Reserve Requirement are met 
with respect to the Cover Pool. 
"Residential Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan" means the loans secured by residential mortgage meeting the requirements of 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR and Article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law (as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any mortgage loan agreement out of which Receivables arise 
and secured by mortgage over Residential Assets. 
“Resolution Event” means the starting of a resolution procedure vis-à-vis the Issuer pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015 and subject to the relevant implementing measures adopted by the competent resolution 
authority. 
“Retention Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
“Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” or "Rules" means the rules of the Organisation of the

--- Page 238 ---
238 
Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity and 
as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Master 
Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the 
Stichting Corporate Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the 
Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, any Asset Swap Provider(s), any Liability Swap Provider(s), the Portfolio 
Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, together with any other entity acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Securities Account” means the account which may be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account 
Bank, upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets represented by bonds, debentures, 
notes or other financial instruments in book entry form in accordance with and subject to the conditions of the 
Cash, Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Securitisation and Covered Bond Law” means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as amended from time to 
time. 
“Security” means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
“Security Interest” means:  
(A) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest securing any 
obligation of any person; 
(B) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or other account may 
be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect discharge or any sum 
owed or payable to any person; or 
(C) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Seller” means Banco Desio pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which at the relevant 
time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
“Specific Criteria” means (i) with respect to each Initial Portfolio, the criteria listed in Schedule 3 to the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement, or (ii) with respect to each New Portfolio, the criteria listed in Annex A of the 
relevant Transfer Notice of the New Portfolio. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" means with respect to the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, 
Milan, with respect to the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent and Issuer Paying Agent Via Rovagnati, 1, 
Desio (MB), Italy, and with respect to the Guarantor Calculation Agent and Corporate Servicer Via V. Alfieri, 1, 
Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Statutory Tests” means such tests provided for under Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law and namely: (i) the Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage

--- Page 239 ---
239 
Test, as further defined under Clause 2 (Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Tests) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
“Stichting Corporate Servicer” means Wilmington Trust Sp Services (London) Limited. 
“Stichting Corporate Services Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the date hereof, 
between Stichting Morricone, the Guarantor and Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Euronext Dublin. 
“Subordinated Lender” means the Seller, in its capacity as subordinated lender pursuant to the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan" means each loan made or to be made available to the Guarantor under the Facility or the 
principal amount outstanding for the time being of that loan, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into between the 
Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor. 
“Subscription Agreements” means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date of each 
Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Substitute Master Servicer" means the successor to the Master Servicer which may be appointed by the 
Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a Master Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 (Back/up Master 
Servicer) of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to such term it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, Liability Swap Agreement and any other 
swap agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Transaction Documents aimed at: (i) 
altering the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of the Swap Provider if compared to the position of 
the Covered Bondholders, (ii) changing a payment date under the Swap Agreement; (iii) providing a reduction 
or cancellation or increase in the payments due under the Swap Agreement; (iv) altering the currency for each 
relevant payment under the Swap Agreement; (v) extending the termination date under a Swap Agreement and 
(vi) modifying this definition. 
“Swap Collateral” means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Providers to the Guarantor in 
support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap Collateral Securities 
Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral securities account and any other collateral 
account that may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with an account bank on which each 
Swap Collateral in the form of cash and/or securities and will be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Cash Account” means the Euro denominated collateral account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT77E0343201600002212123979, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts” means, in respect of a Swap Agreement, an amount (which will be 
transferred directly and outside the Priorities of Payments to the relevant Swap Provider as calculated in 
accordance with the Swap Agreement) equal to the amount (i) by which the value of the Swap Collateral provided 
by the Swap Provider to the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement (and accrued interest and any 
distributions received in respect thereof) exceeds the Swap Provider’s liability (if any) under the Swap Agreement 
upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement (such liability for the avoidance of doubt shall be calculated 
prior to any netting of an Unpaid Amount and shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreement except that, for the purpose of this definition only, the value of the collateral will not be applied as

--- Page 240 ---
240 
an unpaid amount owed by the Guarantor to the Swap Provider) or (ii) which the Swap Provider is otherwise 
entitled to have returned to it from time to time under the terms of the Swap Agreement including any Return 
Amount as defined in the credit support annex forming part of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account which may be established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance 
with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
“Swap Providers” means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and the providers 
of any other swap agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-division thereof or 
any authority thereof or therein. 
“Term Loan” means the term loan to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of clause 2 
(Il Finanziamento Subordinato) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Test Calculation Agent” means Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A., acting as test calculation agent or any 
other institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Test Calculation Date" means the date which falls 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment 
Date. The first Test Calculation Date will fall on 24 October 2017. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the breach of a test is 
notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the 1st Monthly Test Calculation Date. 
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered, not later than each Test Calculation Date (or 
Monthly Test Calculation Date, after the occurance of a breach of Test), by the Test Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Liquidity 
Reserve Requirement. 
"Total Commitment" with respect to the Subordinated Lender, has the meaning ascribed to such term under 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Trade Date” means the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is priced. 
“Tranche” means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final Terms relates, 
each such tranche forming part of a Series. 
“Transaction Documents” means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Master Servicing Agreement, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee, the 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders' Agreement, 
the Stichting Corporate Services Agreement, the Conditions, each Final Terms, the Deed of Charge, the Deed 
of Pledge, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Back-up Servicing Agreement and any other agreement 
entered into from time to time in connection with the Programme. 
“Transfer Agreement” means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New Portfolio entered 
into in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Transfer Date” means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, 5 July 2017; and (ii) with respect to New Portfolios, 
the date designated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Transfer Notice” means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be sent by the Seller

--- Page 241 ---
241 
and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Unpaid Amount” has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Liability Swap Agreement.  
"Usury Law" means the Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 as amended from time to time together with Decree 
number 394 of 29 December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law number 24 of 28 February 2001 as 
amended from time to time. 
"Value Added Tax" or "VAT" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in D.P.R. number 633 of 26 
October 1972. 
“Valuation Date” means (a) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, 5 July 2017 and (b) with reference to New 
Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 5 July 2017 
between the Seller and the Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
ISSUER, SERVICER and SELLER 
Banco di Desio e della Brianza S.p.A. 
Via Rovagnati, 1 
20832 Desio 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
Desio OBG S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
STICHTING CORPORATE SERVICER 
Wilmington Trust Sp Services (London) Limited 
Third Floor, 1 King’s Arms Yard 
EC2R 7AF London 
England 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS, CORPORATE SERVICER, BACK-UP SERVICER FACILITATOR 
and GUARANTOR CALCULATION AGENT 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
ACCOUNT BANK 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Piazza Cavour 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
ARRANGER and DEALER 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and the Seller 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 243 ---
243 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Seller 
Chiomenti  
Via Verdi, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Arranger and Dealer 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari, 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy