--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus
June 24, 2022
Banco Santander-Chile
(Santiago, Chile)
U.S.$5,500,000,000 
Medium Term Notes Program 
Under this U.S.$5,500,000,000 Medium-Term Notes Program (the “Program”), Banco Santander-Chile (the 
“Issuer,” the “Bank” or “Santander-Chile”) may from time to time issue medium term notes (“Notes”) which 
may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis. The Notes will be denominated in any currency 
agreed upon between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).
Factors which may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Program and 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Program are set out in “Risk Factors.”
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as Irish competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation.  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), or other 
regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended (the “Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive II”) or which are to be offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Program to be admitted to the 
official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the regulated market.  The regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive.
Arrangers
Deutsche Bank
Santander
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
Citigroup
Crédit Agricole CIB
Credit Suisse
Daiwa Capital Markets
Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank Securities
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
HSBC
J.P. Morgan
Mizuho Securities
Morgan Stanley 
Santander 
Scotiabank 
SMBC Nikko
Standard Chartered Bank
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit Bank 
Wells Fargo Securities

--- Page 2 ---
i
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
The Issuer with its registered office in Santiago, Chile, is solely responsible for the information given in this 
Base Prospectus. The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.
IMPORTANT NOTICES
Copies of Final Terms (as defined below) will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). Final Terms will be published 
on the website of the Issuer at https://santandercl.gcs-web.com/debt-market-risk. None of the information 
contained on the Issuer’s website forms part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). Full 
information on the Issuer and any Notes issued under the Program is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Base Prospectus (including any supplement and any document incorporated by reference 
herein) and the relevant Final Terms.
No person is or has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations, other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus, in connection with the Program or the issue and sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by 
Santander-Chile. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made hereunder shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date hereof.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any recipient 
of any other information supplied in connection with the Program or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes.
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced 
(and is clearly sourced where it appears in this Base Prospectus) and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in the related documents is accurate and complete 
subsequent to the date hereof or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer 
since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Program is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing 
the same.
For so long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting 
the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 3 ---
ii
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States of America (the “United States”) or its possessions or to United States persons, 
except in certain transactions permitted by United States Treasury Regulations and other guidance. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”) (and, in particular, without limitation, in Luxembourg, France, Italy and the Netherlands), Australia, 
Brazil, Canada, Chile, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Peru, Singapore and Switzerland (see “Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions” on pages 132 to 142). In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the Issuer and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “SEC”) or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the 
foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or the adequacy of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. See “Description of the Notes – Forms of Notes” 
for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). Registered Notes may be offered or sold 
within the United States only to QIBs (as defined under “Description of the Notes – Forms of Notes”) in 
transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act (see “U.S. Information” below).
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated 
market (as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II), or a specific segment of an EEA 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access 
(in which case such Notes shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the 
public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of an opinion (or a 
report of either of those things) by Santander-Chile, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer.
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any purchaser of the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any purchaser of the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 4 ---
iii
Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been rated “A1” by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and 
“A-” by Standard & Poor's International LLC. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s 
International LLC are not incorporated in the European Union or currently registered in accordance with the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011, Directive 2011/61/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No. 462/2013 (the “CRA Regulation”), nor have the ratings given by these agencies been endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Banco Santander Chile is also currently rated by the following credit rating agencies that are registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation: Kroll Bond Rating Agency Europe Limited (“A”), HR Ratings de México, 
S.A. de C.V. (“AA-“), and Japan Credit Rating Agency Ltd (“A+”).
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working 
days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days 
following such update.
The rating of a certain Series or Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Program may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series or Tranche 
of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed clearly and prominently in the Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes issued under the Program and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal of the rating assigned to the Issuer may adversely affect the market price of the Notes issued under 
the Program.
U.S. INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs (as defined under “Description of the Notes – Forms of Notes”) for informational use solely in connection 
with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the 
United States is not authorized. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed 
or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted.
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer 
and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”).
Each purchaser or Noteholder represented by a Rule 144A Global Note (as defined under “Registered Notes” 
below) or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) 
will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in “Description of the Notes – Forms of Notes.”
MIFID PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
iv
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer forth 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289 OF SINGAPORE)
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A 
of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).
BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status 
of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
If the applicable Final Terms for the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
v
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that offers of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make 
any offer of the Notes in that Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have authorized, nor do they authorize, 
the making of any offer of the Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealers 
to publish a prospectus for such offer. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have authorized, nor do they 
authorize, the making of any offer of Notes through any financial intermediary, other than offers made by the 
Dealers, which constitute the final placement of the Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus. The 
expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to the Notes of any tranche in any Member State  means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Notes, as the 
same may be varied in that Member State or the United Kingdom by any measure implementing the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Member State, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM
If the applicable Final Terms for the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: (a) the expression retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the  “FSMA”)  and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and (b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
This Base Prospectus is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters 
relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Financial Promotion Order”), (ii) are persons falling within Article 
49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.”) of the Financial Promotion 
Order, or (iii) are outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused 
to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This Base 
Prospectus is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not 
relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only 
to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
for offers of notes. This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make any offer of the Notes in the United Kingdom may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any of the Dealers to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Dealers have authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of the Notes in circumstances 
in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus for such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Dealers have authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of Notes through any 
financial intermediary, other than offers made by the Dealers, which constitute the final placement of the Notes 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus. The expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to the Notes 
of any tranche in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for such Notes, and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.

--- Page 7 ---
vi
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the Fourth 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated June 30, 2016 (the “Fourth Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement”) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such 
holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered under Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, the Issuer is neither a reporting company 
under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) 
nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
The Issuer is a bank organized under the General Banking Law of Chile (Ley General de Bancos). All of its 
directors and executive officers named in this Base Prospectus reside outside of the United States (principally 
in Chile and Spain) and substantially all of its assets and the assets of these persons are located outside the 
United States. As a result, it may be difficult for a holder of Notes to effect service of process within the United 
States on, or bring actions or enforce foreign judgments against, the Issuer or these persons in U.S. courts.
In addition, the Issuer has been advised by Philippi, Prietocarrizosa, Ferrero DU & Uría, Chilean counsel, that 
no treaty exists between the United States and Chile for the reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments. 
There is also doubt as to the enforceability in Chilean courts of judgments of U.S. courts obtained in actions 
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. Chilean courts, however, have 
enforced judgments rendered in the United States by virtue of the legal principles of reciprocity and comity, 
subject to the review in Chile of the U.S. judgment in order to ascertain whether certain basic principles of due 
process and public policy have been respected, without reviewing the merits of the subject matter of the case. 
Lastly, the Issuer has been advised by Philippi, Prietocarrizosa, Ferrero DU & Uría that there is doubt as to 
the enforceability in original actions in Chilean courts of liabilities predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities 
laws.
The Issuer has appointed CT Corporation System, presently located at 28 Liberty Street, New York, New York 
10005, as its authorized agent upon which process may be served in any action which may be instituted in 
any United States federal or state court having subject matter jurisdiction in the Borough of Manhattan, The 
City of New York, New York arising out of or based upon the Notes or the fiscal agency agreement governing 
the Notes. See “Description of the Notes.”
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Program, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilizing Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilizing Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilizing 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilizing Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
vii
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS
All references to “Santander Spain” are to the Issuer’s parent company, Banco Santander, S.A.  References 
to the “Santander Group” or “Grupo Santander” are to the worldwide operations of the Santander Spain 
conglomerate, as indirectly controlled by Santander Spain and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the 
Issuer.
As used in this Base Prospectus, the term “billion” means one thousand million (1,000,000,000).
In this Base Prospectus, references to “$,” “U.S.$,” “U.S. dollars” and “dollars” are to United States dollars; 
references to “Chilean pesos,” “pesos” or “Ch$” are to Chilean pesos; references to “€” “EUR,” or “Euro” are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; and references to “UF” are to Unidades de 
Fomento. The UF is an inflation-indexed Chilean monetary unit with a value in Chilean pesos that changes 
daily to reflect changes in the official Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) of the Instituto Nacional de Estadísticas 
(the Chilean National Institute of Statistics) for the previous month. See “Presentation of Financial 
Information—Exchange Rates” in this Base Prospectus for information regarding exchange rates. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the terms “write-offs” and charge-offs” are synonyms. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “Audit Committee” are to the Issuer’s Comité de Directores y 
Auditoría.
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “BIS” are to the Bank for International Settlement, and references 
to “BIS ratio” are to the capital adequacy ratio as calculated in accordance with the Basel Capital Accord.  
References to the “Central Bank” are to the Banco Central de Chile.  References to the “SBIF” are to the 
Chilean Superintendency of Banks and Financial Institutions. References to the “FMC” are to the Financial 
Market Commission, which merged with the SBIF on June 1, 2019.
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
viii
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
General
Santander-Chile is a Chilean bank and maintains its financial books and records in Chilean pesos and 
prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). Any reference to IFRS in this 
document is to IFRS as issued by the IASB.
As required by local regulations, the Issuer’s locally filed consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared in accordance with the Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the FMC (“Chilean Bank 
GAAP”). Therefore, the Issuer’s locally filed consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to IFRS in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Chilean Bank 
GAAP principles are substantially similar to IFRS but there are some exceptions.  For further details and a 
discussion of the main differences between Chilean Bank GAAP and IFRS, see “Item 4. Information on the 
Company—B. Business Overview—Differences between IFRS and Chilean Bank GAAP” in the Issuer’s 2021 
IFRS Annual Report.
This Base Prospectus also incorporates by reference the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as of 
December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (the “Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements”). Such Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and have been audited by the independent 
registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Consultores Auditores SpA for the years ended 
December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. See page F-3 of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of 
December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 for the audit report 
issued by PricewaterhouseCoopers Consultores Auditores SpA. The Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements have been prepared from accounting records maintained by the Issuer and its subsidiaries.
The notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements form an integral part of the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements and contain additional information and narrative descriptions or details of these financial 
statements.
The Issuer has formatted its financial information according to the classification format for banks in Chile for 
purposes of IFRS. The Issuer has not reclassified the line items to comply with Article 9 of Regulation S-X. 
Article 9 is a regulation of the SEC that contains formatting requirements for bank holding company financial 
statements. 
Functional and Presentation Currency
The Chilean peso is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Issuer operates and the 
currency that influences its structure of costs and revenues, and in accordance with International Accounting 
Standard 21 – The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates has been defined as the functional and 
presentation currency.  Accordingly, all balances and transactions denominated in currencies other than the 
Chilean peso are treated as “foreign currency.” See “Note 1—Summary of Significant Accounting Principles—
e) Functional and presentation currency” in the Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.
For presentation purposes, the Issuer has translated Chilean pesos (Ch$) into U.S. dollars (U.S.$) using the 
rate as indicated below under “Exchange Rates,” for the financial information included in this Base Prospectus.
Loans
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein (except in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements) 
to loans are to loans and financial leases before deduction for loan loss allowance, and, except as otherwise 
specified, all market share data presented herein is based on information published periodically by the FMC. 
Outstanding loans and the related percentages of the Issuer’s loan portfolio consisting of corporate and 
consumer loans as defined in the section entitled “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview” 
in the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report are categorized based on the nature of the borrower. Outstanding 
loans and related percentages of the Issuer’s loan portfolio consisting of corporate and consumer loans in the 
section entitled “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—C. Selected Statistical Information”

--- Page 10 ---
ix
in the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report are categorized in accordance with the reporting requirements of the 
FMC, which are based on the type and term of loans.
Non-performing loans are also presented in accordance with reporting requirements of the FMC and include 
the entire principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest on loans for which either principal or interest is 
past-due for 90 days or more. Restructured loans for which no payments are past-due are not ordinarily 
classified as non-performing loans. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—C. Selected 
Statistical Information—Classification of Loan Portfolio Based on the Borrower’s Payment Performance” in the 
Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report. 
At the end of each reporting period the Issuer evaluates the impairment of the loan book. For December 31, 
2021, 2020 and 2019 this has been assessed in accordance with IFRS 9. See “Note 1—Summary of 
Significant Accounting Principles” in the Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.
Effect of Rounding
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus and in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have 
been rounded up for ease of presentation. Percentage figures included in this Base Prospectus have not in 
all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures but on the basis of such amounts prior to 
rounding. For this reason, certain percentage amounts in this Base Prospectus may vary from those obtained 
by performing the same calculations using the figures in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Certain other amounts that appear in this Base Prospectus may not sum due to rounding.
Economic and Market Data
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, all macroeconomic data related to the Chilean economy 
is based on information published by the Central Bank, and all market share and other data related to the 
Chilean financial system is based on information published by the FMC and the Issuer’s analysis of such 
information. Information regarding the consolidated risk index of the Chilean financial system as a whole is 
not available.
Exchange Rates
This Base Prospectus contains translations of certain Chilean peso amounts into U.S. dollars at specified 
rates solely for the convenience of the reader. These translations should not be construed as representations 
that the Chilean peso amounts actually represent such U.S. dollar amounts, were converted from U.S. dollars 
at the rate indicated in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, could be converted into U.S. dollars at 
the rate indicated, were converted or will be converted at all.
Unless otherwise indicated, all U.S. dollar amounts at any year-end, for any period, have been translated from 
Chilean pesos based on the interbank market rate published by Reuters at 1:30 pm on the last business day 
of the period. On December 31, 2021, the exchange rate in the Informal Exchange Market as published by 
Reuters at 1:30 pm was Ch$854.48, or 0.50% more than the observed exchange rate published by the Central 
Bank for such date of Ch$850.25 per U.S.$1.00. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not report a 
noon buying rate for the Chilean peso. The U.S. dollar equivalent of one UF was U.S.$36.45 as of December 
31, 2021, using the observed exchange rate reported by the Central Bank as of December 30, 2021 of 
Ch$850.25 per U.S.$1.00.

--- Page 11 ---
x
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
Responsibility Statement...................................................................................................................i
Important Notices..............................................................................................................................i
Certain Terms and Conventions.....................................................................................................vii
Presentation of Financial Information ............................................................................................viii
General Description of the Program ................................................................................................1
Overview of the Program .................................................................................................................3
Risk Factors.....................................................................................................................................8
Banco Santander-Chile..................................................................................................................48
Description of Chilean Financial Sector.........................................................................................56
Description of Chilean Banking Regulatory System ......................................................................57
Description of the Notes.................................................................................................................68
Form of Final Terms.....................................................................................................................109
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................117
Certain Benefit Plan Investor Considerations ..............................................................................124
Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes ..............................................................126
Book Entry Clearance Systems ...................................................................................................128
Transfer and Selling Restrictions.................................................................................................132
General Information .....................................................................................................................143
Plan of Distribution.......................................................................................................................145
Documents on Display.................................................................................................................146
Documents Incorporated by Reference .......................................................................................147
Names and Addresses.................................................................................................................150

--- Page 12 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM
GENERAL
Under this Program, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes to one or more of the following Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, London Branch, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Daiwa 
Capital Markets America Inc., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman 
Sachs & Co. LLC, HSBC Bank plc, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, 
Inc., Mizuho International plc, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, , Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Santander 
Investment Securities Inc., Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Standard 
Chartered Bank, UBS AG London Branch, UBS Securities LLC, UniCredit Bank AG, Wells Fargo Securities, 
LLC and any other Dealer appointed from time to time in accordance with the Fourth Amended and Restated 
Dealer Agreement which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” 
and together the “Dealers”). References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of 
an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
purchase such Notes.
Each Series of Notes is issued either in bearer form or in registered form and Notes comprising each such 
Series will be issued in each case in the nominal amount of the denomination specified (the “Specified 
Denomination”) in the applicable final terms (the “Final Terms”). The maximum aggregate principal amount 
of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Program will not exceed U.S.$5,500,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Fourth Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement), subject to increase in accordance with the terms of the Fourth Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement.
Notes will be issued by the Issuer through its head office in Santiago, Chile.
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer (in jurisdictions in which a public offer of the Notes is permitted) 
or private placement and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution 
of each Tranche will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in tranches (each a “Tranche”), each Tranche consisting of Notes 
that are identical in all respects (including as to admission to trading and listing). One or more Tranches that 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (except for 
different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments) may 
form a series (“Series”) of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series. The specific terms 
of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms.
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the minimum 
Specified Denomination of the Notes will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than the Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such higher amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant Central Bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes which are intended to be listed (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. The Program provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading on other or further stock 
exchanges including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and 
the SIX Swiss Exchange, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each 
issue. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.
Prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes 
and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as 
an investment in the light of their own financial situation. Certain issues of Notes involve a high degree 
of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment.

--- Page 13 ---
2
It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, 
experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, accounting and other 
business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and are not relying on the advice 
of the Issuer or any Dealer in that regard. See “Risk Factors” on pages 8 to 47 of this Base Prospectus. 
Bearer Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These Clearing Systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
(“CBF”), Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg (“CBL”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”).
Registered Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the 
name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and CBL, or (iii) be deposited with a custodian or depositary for, 
and registered in the name of, a nominee of any other clearing system specified for a particular Tranche or 
Series of Notes, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  No beneficial owner of an interest 
in a Registered Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures 
of DTC, Euroclear and CBL, in each case to the extent applicable.
Bank of America, National Association, London Branch will act as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”), unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms.  Bank of America, National Association, London Branch (the 
“Non-U.S. Transfer Agent”) and Bank of America, National Association (the “U.S. Transfer Agent”) will act 
as transfer agents (the “Transfer Agents”).  Bank of America, National Association, London Branch (the “Non-
U.S. Paying Agent”), Bank of America, National Association (the “U.S. Paying Agent”) and other institutions, 
all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, will act as paying agents (the “Paying Agents”).  McCann 
Fitzgerald Listing Services Limited will act as the Irish listing agent (the “Irish Listing Agent”). Bank of 
America, National Association will act as the U.S. registrar (the “U.S. Registrar”) and Bank of America Europe 
DAC will act as the European registrar (the “European Registrar,” and, together with the U.S. Registrar, the 
“Registrars”). The Fiscal Agent, the Transfer Agents, the Paying Agents, the Irish Listing Agent and the 
Registrars are hereinafter referred to as the “Agents.”

--- Page 14 ---
3
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAM
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and is provided as an aid to 
investors when considering whether to invest in the Notes, but is not a substitute for the Base 
Prospectus.  Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base 
Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference. 
Conditions for determining price to be included in the Base Prospectus 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Program will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
RISK FACTORS
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Program. Such factors include liquidity, credit and event risks. In addition, there are certain factors 
that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the 
Program, including the structure of a particular issue of Notes and risks related to the market generally. See 
“Risk Factors” above.
THE NOTES AND THE PROGRAM
Issuer:
Banco Santander-Chile
Dealers:
BNP Paribas, London Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
BofA Securities, Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Daiwa Capital Markets America Inc.
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
HSBC Bank plc
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
Mizuho International plc
Mizuho Securities USA LLC
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Santander Investment Securities Inc. 
Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.
Standard Chartered Bank
UBS AG London Branch
UBS Securities LLC

--- Page 15 ---
4
UniCredit Bank AG
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Notes may also be issued to other dealers and to third parties 
other than dealers.
Fiscal Agent, Non-U.S. Paying 
Agent, and Transfer Agent:
Bank of America, National Association, London Branch
European Registrar:
Bank of America Europe DAC
Irish Listing Agent:
McCann Fitzgerald Listing Securities Limited
U.S. Paying Agent, U.S. Registrar 
and U.S. Transfer Agent:
Bank of America, National Association
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed (i) to qualified institutional buyers (as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and (ii) outside 
the United States to persons other than U.S. persons (as such 
terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) by 
way of private or public placement, in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis, subject to the selling restrictions 
described under “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”
Specified Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms).
Maximum Amount:
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
time shall not exceed U.S.$5,500,000,000 or the approximate 
equivalent thereof in another currency calculated as at the issue 
date of the relevant Notes.
Maturities:
Notes may be issued in such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms as the stated maturity), subject to such 
minimum or maximum term as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency (as defined herein).  
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is equal to, less 
than or more than their principal amount, as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes:
Notes will be issued in either registered or bearer form as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Each Bearer Note will be represented initially by a temporary 
global Note, without interest coupons, or a permanent global 
Note, to be deposited with either a Common Safekeeper (if the 
global Note is intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) 
form) or a Common Depositary (if the global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, for credit to the account designated by or on behalf 
of the purchaser thereof. The interests of the beneficial owner or 
owners in a temporary global Note will be exchangeable after 
the Exchange Date (as defined under “Description of the Notes – 
Forms of Notes”) for an interest in a permanent global Note to be 
held by either a Common Safekeeper (if the permanent global 
Note is intended to be issued in NGN form) or a Common 
Depositary (if the permanent global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, for credit to the account designated by or on behalf 
of the beneficial owner thereof, or for definitive Bearer Notes or 
for definitive Registered Notes (as defined below), as provided in

--- Page 16 ---
5
the applicable Final Terms. The interests of the beneficial owner 
or owners in a permanent global Note will be exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes or for definitive Registered Notes, as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms.
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes of each Tranche 
will be in fully registered form (“Registered Notes”). The 
Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance 
on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside 
the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (a “Regulation S Global Note”). Prior to expiry 
of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a 
Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise 
provided in the Supplement for Registered Notes.  
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and 
sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in private 
transactions to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning 
of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”). The Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a 
global note in registered form (a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, 
together with a Regulation S Global Note, the “Registered 
Global Notes”).
Fixed Rate Notes:
The Issuer will pay interest on Fixed Rate Notes on the dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Fixed interest on Notes 
will be calculated on the basis of such Fixed Day Count Fraction 
(as defined under “Description of the Notes—Interest and 
Interest Rates”) as may be set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
The Issuer will pay interest on Floating Rate Notes on the dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes will have one or more interest rate bases as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes will be calculated on the basis of such Floating Day Count 
Fraction (as defined under “Description of the Notes—Interest 
and Interest Rates”) as may be set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Interest Period(s) or Interest 
Payment Date(s) for Floating Rate 
Notes:
Such period(s) or date(s) as may be indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Extendible Notes:
Notes may be issued with an Initial Maturity Date (as defined in 
“Description of the Notes—General”) which may be extended 
from time to time upon the election of the holders on specified 
Election Date(s) (as defined in “Description of the Notes—
Extendible Notes”).
Redemption:
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
either that the Notes of that Series cannot be redeemed prior to 
its stated maturity, or that such Notes will be redeemable for 
taxation reasons or at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms; provided, however, that 
Notes denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars may be 
subject to different restrictions on redemption as described in 
“Description of the Notes—Special Provisions Relating to

--- Page 17 ---
6
Foreign Currency Notes—Minimum Denominations, Restrictions 
on Maturities, Repayment and Redemption.”
Denomination of Notes:
Notes may be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, the minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than the Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or 
such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant Central Bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency.
Taxation:
All payments with respect to the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes or other 
charges imposed by any governmental authority or agency in the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer or other Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as 
defined herein), unless such withholding is required by law, in 
which case, subject to certain exceptions, the Issuer will 
generally pay Additional Amounts as described in “Description of 
the Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts.” See also 
“Taxation.”
Status of the Notes:
Each Note will be unsecured and will be either a senior or a 
subordinated debt obligation of the Issuer. Notes which are 
senior debt obligations will rank equally in right of payment with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. Notes which are subordinated debt obligations will rank 
junior in right of payment to all senior indebtedness of the Issuer 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will set forth the 
precise terms of such subordination. See “Description of the 
Notes—General.”
Rating:
The Notes of each Tranche issued under the Program may be 
rated or unrated. Where the Notes of a Tranche are rated, such 
rating (i) will be set out in the Final Terms and (ii) will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the 
Program. Moreover, the Final Terms will set out whether the 
rating agency has been registered within the European Union. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Listing and admission to trading:
Each Series of Notes may be admitted to the Official List and  
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or listed 
or admitted to trading on or by such other or additional stock 
exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or market(s) or may 
be unlisted.
Clearing System:
As specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Governing Law:
State of New York.
Selling Restrictions:
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Rule 144A or outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act or pursuant to another exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. In addition, Notes issued in 
bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European

--- Page 18 ---
7
Economic Area, Australia, Canada and certain other 
jurisdictions. See “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”
Risk Factors:
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consider carefully all 
of the information set forth in this Base Prospectus or any 
supplement hereto and, in particular, the information set forth 
under the caption ‘‘Risk Factors” on pages 8 to 47.

--- Page 19 ---
8
RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Notes is subject to risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the following 
risk factors, which should be read in conjunction with all the other information presented in this Base 
Prospectus, before making any investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the 
only ones that the Issuer faces. Additional risks and uncertainties that the Issuer faces, the Issuer does not 
know about or that it currently thinks are immaterial may also impair the Issuer’s business operations. Any of 
the following risks, if they actually occur, could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results 
of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Risk factors have been grouped as set out below:
(a) Risk Factors in Respect of the Issuer; 
(b) Risk Factors in Respect of Chile;
(c)
Risk Factors in Respect of the Notes, including: (i) Risk Factors related to Notes generally and (ii) Risk 
Factors related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; and
(d) General Risk Factors.
The risk factors in respect of the Issuer are presented in the following subcategories depending on their nature:
(a) Macro-economic Risks;
(b) Competitive Risks;
(c)
Operational Risks;
(d) Financial Risks; and
(e) Legal and Regulatory Risks
During the life of each Series of Notes, risks specified in each of the above sections may impact such Notes 
at different points in time and for different lengths of time. Each Series of Notes may have a risk profile that 
changes over time. Prospective investors should seek advice from a professional financial adviser in order to 
further discuss and understand how the risk profile of a particular Series of Notes will affect their overall 
investment portfolio.
More than one risk factor may have simultaneous effect with regard to the Notes such that the effect of a 
particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, more than one risk factor may have a compounding 
effect which may not be predictable. No assurance can be given as to the effect that any combination of risk 
factors may have on the value of the Notes.
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in “Description 
of the Notes” on pages 68 to 108 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
9
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER
MACRO-ECONOMIC RISKS
The global COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted the Issuer’s business, and the continuance 
of this pandemic or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases or other public 
health emergency, could materially and adversely impact the Issuer’s business, financial condition, 
liquidity and results of operations.
Since December 2019, different variants of coronavirus (COVID-19) have spread around the world, including 
Chile. On March 18, 2020, the Chilean government declared a state of emergency, and on March 19, 2020, 
the government ordered the suspension of all non-essential activities and a mandatory quarantine in 
neighborhoods with a high concentration of cases. Since that date, different areas of Chile have come in and 
out of different levels of quarantine. These measures and similar measures have caused significant 
disruption of regional and global economic activity. These quarantines led to the closure of approximately 
20% of the Issuer’s branches at the peak of the pandemic. During the pandemic, the Issuer has continued to 
conduct strict sanitary protocols and restrictions on the number of customers and personnel that can be in 
any individual branch at a time. 
The process to vaccinate the Chilean population began in February 2021, and as of January 6, 2022, over 
14.1 million people in Chile over 18 years old were already fully vaccinated, representing 92.3% of the target 
population. The Chilean Ministry of Health defines “target population” as (1) critical population (i.e. 
individuals exposed to infection due to their work or functions); (2) healthy population (i.e. individuals 
between the ages of 18 and 59); and (3) population at risk (i.e. individuals with an increased risk of 
experiencing grave morbidity, sequels or death due to COVID-19 by reason of age or preexisting 
conditions). The Chilean government has also begun vaccinating children under 18 years and is currently 
rolling out booster shots. Moreover, the Public Health Institute (Instituto de Salud Pública) granted the 
necessary emergency approval for the vaccination of children between 6 and 12 years on September 6, 
2021, which was later extended to children up to three years old in December 2021. As of January 6, 2022, 
3.8 million children between the ages of 3 and 17 have received vaccines with over 80% and 68% of this 
population having received the first dose and the second dose, respectively. Furthermore, over 11.5 million 
booster shots have been applied to the population over the age of 12. However, no assurances can be 
made as to whether the vaccination process will continue at the same rate or as to the effects it may have 
on the health of the Chilean population and the Chilean economy.
Chile has also begun opening its borders, enabling foreigners that have already been vaccinated to enter 
the country. The vaccination program has contributed to the slowing down of the spread of COVID-19 and 
has enabled the Chilean economy to begin recovery. However, as new variants of the COVID-19 virus 
spread throughout the world, the long-term ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly uncertain, 
and it is hard to predict the duration of the pandemic and its effects on the global and Chilean economy and 
on the Issuer’s business.
The Chilean government also rolled out a series of measures to increase liquidity for households, including 
an Emergency Plan for the Protection of Family Income, and Economic and Employment Reactivation (Plan 
de Emergencia por la Protección de los ingresos de las Familias y la Reactivación Económica y del Empleo) 
that is available for 90% of Chilean households, benefiting around 14.8 million people as of May 2021. 
These households received a monthly income for the months June, July, and August 2021, amounting to a 
total estimated government expense of U.S.$8.7 billion, and then a further 50% of this expense for 
September and then the full amount for the October and November 2021. During 2021, approximately 
U.S.$24,000 million was disbursed under this program. No assurances can be made as to whether this 
program (or similar programs) will continue on an ongoing basis.
In 2020, GDP fell 5.8% with an unemployment rate of 10.2% as of December 2020 as a result of the 
pandemic and subsequent lockdowns. However, improvements in terms of trade and better economic 
activity have led to the economy quickly recovering and the GDP is expected to have grown 12% in 2021. 
For 2022, GDP is expected to grow between 1.5% and 2.5%.
In Chile, the industries and sectors that have been most impacted have been hotels, casinos, tourism, 
restaurants and airlines. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer’s loan exposures to these industries totaled 
approximately 0.11% of its loan book.

--- Page 21 ---
10
The Chilean government has also announced a series of measures to support lending. The largest 
measures were to provide an additional U.S.$3 billion to the Fondo de Garantía para Pequeños 
Empresarios (Small Enterprise Guarantees Fund, or “FOGAPE”), a state fund that guarantees loans, leases 
and other credits provided to small businesses, extend FOGAPE’s coverage to companies with annual sales 
of up to UF 1 million (U.S.$34 million) and further amend the rules and regulations governing FOGAPE to 
encourage banks to provide lending to small businesses. Under FOGAPE’s new regulations, domestic 
banks, including the Issuer, may provide loans with preferential interest rates equal to the monetary policy 
rate (“MPR”) plus 3% and terms of up to 48 months to eligible companies in an aggregate amount equal to 
up to 3 months of a company’s sales and receive a guarantee from FOGAPE of between 60% and 85% of 
each loan. Any recovery of all or a portion of a non-performing loan will first be used to satisfy the non-
guaranteed portion of the principal amount of the loan as well as legal fees, followed by the amount of the 
guarantee provided by FOGAPE and lastly any accrued and unpaid interest and fees. In order to receive the 
guarantee from FOGAPE, such loans must have a 6-month grace period before a company must begin 
repaying the loan. In addition, companies that receive loans guaranteed by FOGAPE pursuant to these new 
regulations will be entitled to defer loan payments for a period of 6 months.
In February 2021, the government approved the FOGAPE 2.0 – or FOGAPE Reactiva – program. The 
maximum rate was set at a monthly rate of TPM (overnight rate) plus 0.6%, implying an annual rate of 7.2%. 
The program’s focus was to direct the loans towards SME investments and not only towards working capital 
needs.
Although the Issuer has received guarantees from FOGAPE for a portion of the FOGAPE loans it has 
granted, if the Issuer’s clients default on their payment obligations under these loans when they become 
due, or they otherwise fail to timely comply with their obligations under these loans, this will result in higher 
levels of non-performing loans in the future and require the recognition of additional allowances for loan 
losses. Moreover, the Issuer must share with FOGAPE a portion of any recovery made on non-performing 
loans guaranteed by FOGAPE. In addition, all other loans previously disbursed to a client from the same 
bank from which they receive the FOGAPE loan will also be granted a 6-month grace period for repayment. 
If the Issuer’s clients default on their obligations under these loans, which are not guaranteed by FOGAPE, 
when such grace period ends, it could result in higher levels of non-performing loans in the future and 
require the recognition of additional allowances for loan losses.
As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer had approved Ch$2.0 trillion (U.S.$2.34 billion) of FOGAPE loans to its 
SME and middle-market clients, including Ch$876,698 million in FOGAPE Reactiva. For loans under the 
original FOGAPE program, the Issuer granted its clients grace periods, which have already expired as of 
December 31, 2021. The Issuer did not grant grace periods for the Fogape Reactiva loans. Of those under 
normal payment schedule, over 97% have been paying on time, while only 2.6% show impairment as of 
December 2021. Despite these positive figures, the Issuer cannot assure that these repayment trends will 
continue in the future and a greater extension of the COVID-19 pandemic could result in a greater 
deterioration of the payment ability of clients with a FOGAPE loan.
The FMC has issued regulations regarding the granting of grace periods for mortgages, consumer 
loans and commercial loans that have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact 
the Issuer’s results.
Additionally, the Issuer provided grace periods for its consumer portfolio for up to 3 months, its mortgage 
portfolio for up to 6 months, and other commercial loans up to 6 months to debtors who were 0–30 days 
overdue as of March 31, 2021. In view of the persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic, with the consequent 
effects on the normal development of economic activities, on April 23, 2021, the FMC instructed the Issuer 
to extend these grace periods until July 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer had provided a 
grace period according to the guidelines established by its regulator for Ch$7.9 trillion of its loans, of which 
none are still subject to a grace period. 
As of December 31, 2021, Ch$7,669 billion corresponds to clients who are servicing their debt properly, and 
Ch$209 billion corresponds to clients who defaulted or requested additional extensions.
Despite this favorable evolution of asset quality, there is still risk of an increase in the NPL ratio due to the 
duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, the emergence of new COVID-19 variants and the uncertainty of their 
effect on the effectiveness of vaccines, the extent and length of the economic downturn and the rules and 
regulations put in place to combat the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects in the future.

--- Page 22 ---
11
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Issuer’s results will depend on the duration of the 
pandemic and the level of continued disruption to Chilean, regional and global economic activity, which is 
impossible to predict at this time. Future developments with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic are highly 
uncertain and new information may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
actions taken to contain it. Furthermore, there are no indications the Chilean government will continue 
providing loan support programs or other forms of relief or assistance for private sector entities such as the 
Issuer. If the pandemic continues and further government programs are not initiated, or the ones in place are 
not effective, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
Latam Airlines’ bankruptcy may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business.
On May 26, 2020, Latam Airlines Group S.A. (“Latam”) and its affiliates in Chile, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador 
and the United States filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the United States. In Latam’s filings with bankruptcy 
court, the Issuer was identified as having one of Latam’s 40 largest unsecured claims. This claim is for the 
frequent flier mileage program the Issuer and Latam operate, through which holders of the Issuer’s and 
Latam’s co-branded credit card accumulate airline miles with each spend on their credit card. The Issuer’s 
balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 included a pre-paid expense for miles acquired under this program 
valued at Ch$312,019 million (U.S.$365 million) in Other Assets. 
Latam and its affiliates will be able to continue flying during the pendency of its Chapter 11 bankruptcy case. 
In initial hearings held on May 28, 2020 under the Chapter 11 restructuring process, Latam’s motion to 
continue honoring its mileage program was approved.  In November 2021, Latam finally reached a deal with 
key stakeholders, with creditors led by Sixth Street Partners, Sculptor Capital, and SVPGlobal agreeing to 
take control of the company. Latam plans to issue US$800 million of common stock, with existing 
shareholders having a preferential subscription right over these new shares. Latam will also issue US$2.75 
billion of new debt to repay creditors. As a result of the foregoing, Latam’s debt will decrease from US$11 
billion to US$7 billion. As of the date hereof, the Issuer does not see the need to re-value or recognize an 
impairment for this pre-paid expense, as the mileage program has continued to function normally, as 
approved by the Chapter 11 restructuring process. However, such assets may become impaired in the 
future as a result of the bankruptcy proceedings and the Issuer cannot assure that at a future date the 
restructuring process that Latam is undergoing will not have a material adverse effect on its business. 
The Issuer’s growth, asset quality and profitability, among others, may be adversely affected by a 
slowdown in the Chilean economy, as well as volatile macroeconomic and political conditions.
A slowdown or recession in Chile, such as the severe recession faced as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic during 2020, could lead major financial institutions, including some of the world’s largest global 
commercial banks, investment banks, mortgage lenders, mortgage guarantors and insurance companies to 
experience significant difficulties, including runs on deposits, the need for government aid or assistance or 
the need to reduce or cease providing funding to borrowers (including to other financial institutions). 
Volatile conditions in the global financial markets could also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, 
including on its ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the Issuer, if at all. If 
capital markets financing ceases to become available, or becomes excessively expensive, the Issuer may 
be forced to raise the rates the Issuer pays on deposits to attract more customers and become unable to 
maintain certain liability maturities. Any such increase in capital markets funding availability or costs or in 
deposit rates could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s interest margins and liquidity.
The Issuer may face, among others, the following risks related to any future economic downturn and volatile 
conditions:

Reduced demand for the Issuer’s products and services, which may result in reduced profits.

Increased regulation of the Issuer’s industry. Compliance with such regulation could increase 
the Issuer’s costs and affect the pricing for the Issuer’s products and services, increase its 
conduct and regulatory risks related to non-compliance and limit its ability to pursue business 
opportunities.

Inability of the Issuer’s borrowers to timely or fully comply with their existing obligations. 
Macroeconomic shocks may negatively impact the income of the Issuer’s customers, both 
retail and corporate, and may adversely affect the recoverability of its loans, resulting in 
increased loan losses.

--- Page 23 ---
12

The process the Issuer uses to estimate losses inherent in the Issuer’s credit exposure 
requires complex judgements, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these 
economic conditions might impair the ability of the Issuer’s borrowers to repay their loans. The 
degree of uncertainty concerning economic conditions may adversely affect the accuracy of 
the Issuer’s estimates, which may, in turn, impact the reliability of the process and the 
sufficiency of the Issuer’s loan loss allowances.

The value and liquidity of the portfolio of investment securities that the Issuer holds may be 
adversely affected, which may result in losses. 

In 2022, the military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine is contributing to 
further increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to volatility in financial 
markets globally as well as a new landscape in relation to international sanctions.
If all or some of the foregoing risks were to materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financing availability and terms and, more generally, on its results, financial condition and prospects.
The growth rate of the Issuer’s loan portfolio may be affected by economic turmoil, which could also 
lead to a contraction in the Issuer’s loan portfolio.
There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s loan portfolio will continue to grow at similar rates to the 
historical growth rates. A reversal of the rate of growth of the Chilean economy, a slowdown in the growth of 
customer demand, an increase in market competition or changes in governmental regulations could 
adversely affect the rate of growth of the Issuer’s loan portfolio and the Issuer’s risk index and, accordingly, 
increase the Issuer’s required allowances for loan losses. Economic turmoil could materially adversely affect 
the liquidity, businesses and financial condition of the Issuer’s customers as well as lead to a general decline 
in consumer spending and a rise in unemployment. All this could in turn lead to decreased demand for 
borrowings in general.
Climate change can create transition risks, physical risks, and other risks that could adversely affect 
the Issuer.
 
There is increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability 
matters. Climate change may imply three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely affect the 
Issuer:
 

Transition risks associated with the move to a low-carbon economy, both at idiosyncratic and 
systemic levels, such as through policy, regulatory and technological changes, which could 
increase its exposures and impact its strategies.
 

Physical risks related to discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and extreme weather 
impacts and longer term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, rising sea level and more 
frequent and prolonged drought, which could result in financial losses that could impair asset 
values and the creditworthiness of the Issuer’s customers. Such events could disrupt the Issuer’s 
operations or those of its customers or third parties on which it relies and does business with, 
including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and 
market volatility.
 

Liability risks derived from parties who may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and 
may seek compensation from those they hold responsible such as state entities, regulators, 
investors and lenders.
 
These primary drivers could result, among others, in the following financial risks:
 

Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with 
business models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of 
reduced corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts.
 

Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and 
commodity prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency 
of severe weather events could affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors 
such as economic growth, employment and inflation.

--- Page 24 ---
13
 

Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly impact business continuity and operations 
of both the Issuer and its customers.
 

Reputational risk: the Issuer’s reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of its 
practices and decisions related to climate change and the environment, or to the practices or 
involvement of its clients, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating 
climate change.
 
As climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, the Issuer has developed and continues to enhance 
processes to embed climate risk considerations into its risk management strategies; however, because the 
timing and severity of climate change may not be predictable, its risk management strategies may not be 
effective in mitigating climate risk exposure.
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.
 
COMPETITIVE RISKS
Increased competition, including from non-traditional providers of banking services such as 
financial technology providers, and industry consolidation may adversely affect the Issuer’s results 
of operations.
The Issuer faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating 
loans and in attracting deposits. The competition in originating loans comes principally from other domestic 
and foreign banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and 
other lenders and purchasers of loans.
The Chilean market for financial services is highly competitive. The Issuer competes with other private 
sector Chilean and non-Chilean banks, with Banco del Estado de Chile, the principal government-owned 
sector bank, with department stores and with larger supermarket chains that make consumer loans and sell 
other financial products to a large portion of the Chilean population. The lower to middle-income segments 
of the Chilean population and the small- and mid- sized corporate segments have become the target 
markets of several banks and competition in these segments may increase. In addition, there has been a 
trend towards consolidation in the Chilean banking industry in recent years, which has created larger banks 
with which the Issuer must now compete. There can be no assurance that this increased competition will not 
adversely affect the Issuer’s growth prospects, and therefore its operations. The Issuer also faces 
competition from non-bank (such as insurance companies, cajas de compensación and cooperativas) and 
non-finance competitors (principally department stores, auto-lenders and larger supermarket chains) with 
respect to some of its credit products, such as credit cards, consumer loans and insurance brokerage. In 
addition, the Issuer faces competition from non-bank finance competitors, such as leasing, factoring, 
automobile finance and brokerage companies, department stores, with respect to some credit products, and 
mutual fund and pension fund management companies and insurance companies, with respect to some 
savings products.
Non-traditional providers of banking services, such as fintechs, internet-based e-commerce providers, 
mobile telephone companies and internet search engines may offer and/or increase their offerings of 
financial products and services directly to customers. These non-traditional providers of banking services 
currently have an advantage over traditional providers because they are not subject to banking regulation. 
Several of these competitors may have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand 
recognition and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may adopt more aggressive 
pricing and rates and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure and marketing.  
New competitors may enter the market or existing competitors may adjust their services with unique product 
or service offerings or approaches to providing banking services. If the Issuer is unable to successfully 
compete with current and new competitors, or if the Issuer is unable to anticipate and adapt its offerings to 
changing banking industry trends, including technological changes, the Issuer’s business may be adversely 
affected. In addition, the Issuer’s failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or 
changes in customer behavior, including among younger customers, could delay or prevent its access to 
new digital-based markets, which would in turn have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s competitive position 
and business. Furthermore, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including distributed ledger, 
artificial intelligence and/or biometrics such as cryptocurrencies and payments, could require substantial

--- Page 25 ---
14
expenditures to modify or adapt the Issuer’s existing products and services as the Issuer continues to grow 
its internet and mobile banking capabilities. The Issuer’s customers may choose to conduct business or offer 
products in areas that may be considered speculative or risky. Such new technologies and mobile banking 
platforms in recent years could negatively impact the value of the Issuer’s investments in bank premises, 
equipment and personnel for the Issuer’s branch network.
The persistence or acceleration of this shift in demand towards internet and mobile banking may necessitate 
changes to the Issuer’s retail distribution strategy, which may include closing and/or selling certain branches 
and restructuring its remaining branches and work force. These actions could lead to losses on these assets 
and may lead to increased expenditures to renovate, reconfigure or close a number of the Issuer’s 
remaining branches or to otherwise reform its retail distribution channel. Furthermore, the Issuer’s failure to 
implement such changes to its distribution strategy swiftly and effectively could have an adverse effect on its 
competitive position.
In particular, the Issuer faces the challenge to compete in an ecosystem where the relationship with the 
consumer is based on access to digital data. This access is increasingly dominated by digital platforms and 
fintechs that are already eroding the Issuer’s results in very relevant markets such as payments. This 
privileged access to data can be levered to compete with the Issuer in other adjacent markets and may 
reduce the Issuer’s operations and margins in core businesses such as lending and/or wealth management. 
The alliances that the Issuer’s competitors are starting to build with Big Techs can make it more difficult for 
the Issuer to successfully compete with them and could adversely affect the Issuer.
Increasing competition could also require that the Issuer increase its rates offered on deposits or lower the 
rates it charges on loans, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, including its 
profitability. It may also negatively affect the Issuer’s business results and prospects by, among other things, 
limiting the Issuer’s ability to increase its customer base and expand its operations and increasing 
competition for investment opportunities. 
If the Issuer’s customer service levels were perceived by the market to be materially below those of its 
competitor financial institutions, the Issuer could lose existing and potential business. If the Issuer is not 
successful in retaining and strengthening customer relationships, it may lose market share, incur losses on 
some or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a 
material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects.
The Issuer’s ability to maintain its competitive position depends, in part, on the success of new 
products and services the Issuer offers its clients and its ability to offer products and services that 
meet the customers’ needs during the whole life cycle of the products or services, and the Issuer 
may not be able to manage various risks it faces as it expands its range of products and services 
that could have a material adverse effect on it.
The success of the Issuer’s operations and its profitability depends, in part, on the success of new products 
and services it offers its clients and its ability to offer products and services that meet the customers’ needs 
during all their life cycle. However, the Issuer’s clients’ needs or desires may change over time, and such 
changes may render the Issuer’s products and services obsolete, outdated or unattractive and the Issuer 
may not be able to develop new products that meet its clients’ changing needs. The Issuer’s success is also 
dependent on its ability to anticipate and leverage new and existing technologies that may have an impact 
on products and services in the banking industry. Technological changes may further intensify and 
complicate the competitive landscape and influence client behavior. If the Issuer cannot respond in a timely 
fashion to the changing needs of its clients, the Issuer may lose clients, which could in turn materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer. In addition, the cost of developing products is likely to affect the Issuer’s results 
of operations.
As the Issuer expands the range of its products and services, some of which may be at an early stage of 
development in the markets of certain regions where it operates, it will be exposed to new and potentially 
increasingly complex risks, such as the conduct risk in the relationship with customers, and development 
expenses. The Issuer’s employees and the Issuer’s risk management systems, as well as its experience and 
that of its partners, may not be sufficient to enable it to properly manage such risks. Any or all of these 
factors, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s strong position in the credit card market is in part due to the Issuer’s credit card co-branding 
agreement with Latam Airlines. This agreement was renewed in January 2019 for seven more years. Once 
this agreement expires, no assurance can be given that it will be renewed, which may materially and

--- Page 26 ---
15
adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition in the credit card business. See “—
Latam Airlines’ bankruptcy may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business.”
While the Issuer has successfully increased its customer service levels in recent years, should these levels 
ever be perceived by the market to be materially below those of its competitors, the Issuer could lose 
existing and potential business opportunities. If the Issuer is not successful in retaining and strengthening 
customer relationships, it may lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its activities or fail to attract 
new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, 
financial condition and prospects.
OPERATIONAL RISKS
The financial problems faced by the Issuer’s customers could adversely affect the Issuer. 
Potential market turmoil and economic recession could materially and adversely affect the liquidity, credit 
ratings, businesses and/or financial conditions of the Issuer’s borrowers, which could in turn increase the 
Issuer’s non-performing loan ratios, impair the Issuer’s loan and other financial assets and result in 
decreased demand for borrowings in general. In addition, the Issuer’s customers may further significantly 
decrease their risk tolerance to non-deposit investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds, which 
would adversely affect the Issuer’s fee and commission income. Any of the conditions described above 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Issuer may generate lower revenues from fee and commission based businesses.
The fees and commissions that the Issuer earns from the different banking and other financial services that 
the Issuer provides represent a significant source of the Issuer’s revenues. Regulatory changes that modify 
the fees the Issuer may charge could adversely affect the Issuer’s fee and commission income.
A portion of the Issuer’s fee income is derived from the brokerage of mutual funds, stocks and bonds, and a 
market downturn could result in significantly lower fees from these sources. The Issuer sold its asset 
management business in 2013 and signed a management service agreement for a 10 year-period with the 
acquirer of this business in which it sells asset management funds on their behalf. Therefore, even in the 
absence of a market downturn, below-market performance by the mutual funds of the firm the Issuer brokers 
for may result in a reduction in revenue the Issuer receives from selling asset management funds and 
adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations.
The growth of the Issuer’s loan portfolio may expose the Issuer to increased loan losses. The 
Issuer’s exposure to individuals and small and mid-sized businesses could lead to higher levels of 
past due loans, allowances for loan losses and charge-offs.
The further expansion of the Issuer’s loan portfolio (particularly in the consumer, small- and mid-sized 
companies and real estate segments) can be expected to expose the Issuer to a higher level of loan losses 
and require the Issuer to establish higher levels of provisions for loan losses. See “Note 8—Loans and 
Accounts Receivable at Amortized Cost” and “Note 10—Loans and Accounts Receivable at Fair Value 
through Other Comprehensive Income” in the Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
description and presentation of the Issuer’s loan portfolio as well as “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review 
and Prospects—C. Selected Statistical Information—Loan Portfolio” in the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual 
Report. 
Retail customers represent 70.6% of the value of the total loan portfolio at amortized cost as of December 
31, 2021. As part of its business strategy, the Issuer seeks to increase lending and other services to retail 
clients, which are more likely to be adversely affected by downturns in the Chilean economy. In addition, as 
of December 31, 2021, the Issuer’s residential mortgage loan portfolio totaled Ch$13,876,175 million, 
representing 38.0% of its total loans. See “Note 8— Loans and Accounts Receivable at Amortized Cost” in 
the Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for a description and presentation of its residential 
mortgage loan portfolio. If the economy and real estate market in Chile experience a significant downturn, 
this could materially adversely affect the liquidity, businesses and financial conditions of the Issuer’s 
customers, which may, in turn, cause the Issuer to experience higher levels of past-due loans, thereby 
resulting in higher provisions for loan losses and subsequent charge-offs. This may materially and adversely 
affect the Issuer’s asset quality, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 27 ---
16
Failure to successfully implement and continue to improve the Issuer’s risk management policies, 
procedures and methods, including the Issuer’s credit risk management systems, could materially 
and adversely affect the Issuer, and the Issuer may be exposed to unidentified or unanticipated 
risks. 
Risk management is an integral part of the Issuer’s activities. The Issuer seeks to monitor and manage the 
Issuer’s risk exposure through a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, market, operational, 
compliance and legal reporting systems, among others. While the Issuer employs a broad and diversified set 
of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, such techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in 
mitigating the Issuer’s risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, 
including risks that the Issuer may fail to identify or anticipate. 
Some of the Issuer’s tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon the Issuer’s use of observed 
historical market behavior. The Issuer applies statistical and other tools to these observations to arrive at 
quantifications of the Issuer’s risk exposures. These tools and metrics may fail to predict future risk 
exposures. These risk exposures could, for example, arise from factors the Issuer did not anticipate or 
correctly evaluate in the Issuer’s statistical models. This would limit the Issuer’s ability to manage the 
Issuer’s risks. The Issuer’s losses thus could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In 
addition, the Issuer’s statistical models may not take all risks into account.
The Issuer’s approach to managing risks could prove insufficient, exposing the Issuer to material 
unanticipated losses. The Issuer could face adverse consequences as a result of decisions, which may lead 
to actions by management, based on models that are poorly developed, implemented or used, or as a result 
of the modelled outcome being misunderstood or the use of such information for purposes for which it was 
not designed. In addition, if existing or potential customers or counterparties believe the Issuer’s risk 
management is inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere or seek to limit their transactions with 
the Issuer. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation, operating 
results, financial condition and prospects.
As a retail bank, one of the main types of risks inherent in the Issuer’s business is credit risk. For example, 
an important feature of the Issuer’s credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit rating to 
assess the particular risk profile of individual customers and SMEs.  As this process involves detailed 
analyses of the customer, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human 
or IT systems errors. In exercising their judgment on current or future credit risk behavior of its customers, 
the Issuer’s employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating, which may result in the 
Issuer’s higher exposure to credit risks than indicated by the Issuer’s risk rating system.
Some of the models and other analytical and judgment-based estimations the Issuer uses in managing risks 
are subject to review by, and require the approval of, its regulators. If models do not comply with all their 
expectations, the Issuer’s regulators may require the Issuer to make changes to such models, may approve 
them with additional capital requirements or the Issuer may be precluded from using them. Any of these 
possible situations could limit the Issuer’s ability to expand its business or have a material impact on its 
financial results.
Failure to effectively implement, consistently monitor or continuously refine the Issuer’s credit risk 
management system may result in an increase in the level of non-performing loans and a higher risk 
exposure for the Issuer, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. 
The effectiveness of the Issuer’s credit risk management is affected by the quality and scope of 
information available in Chile. 
In assessing customers’ creditworthiness, the Issuer relies largely on the credit information available from 
the Issuer’s own internal databases, the FMC, the Directorio de Información Comercial (Dicom) en Capital, a 
Chilean nationwide credit bureau, and other sources. Due to limitations in the availability of information and 
the developing information infrastructure in Chile, the Issuer’s assessment of credit risk associated with a 
particular customer may not be based on complete, accurate or reliable information. In addition, although the 
Issuer has been improving the Issuer’s credit scoring systems to better assess borrowers’ credit risk profiles, 
the Issuer cannot assure you that its credit scoring systems will collect complete or accurate information 
reflecting the actual behavior of customers or that their credit risk can be assessed correctly. Without 
complete, accurate and reliable information, the Issuer will have to rely on other publicly available resources 
and its internal resources, which may not be effective. As a result, the Issuer’s ability to effectively manage 
its credit risk and subsequently the Issuer’s loan loss allowances may be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 28 ---
17
The Issuer relies on models for many of its decisions. Their inaccurate or incorrect use could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer.
The Issuer uses models for approval (scoring/rating), capital calculation, behavior, provisions, expected 
credit loss, market risk, operational risk, compliance, fair value of financial instruments and liquidity. A model 
is a system, approach or quantitative method that applies statistical, economic, financial or mathematical 
theories, techniques or hypotheses to transform input data into quantitative estimates. It involves simplified 
representations of real world relationships between characteristics, values and observed assumptions that 
allows the Issuer to focus on specific aspects.
Model risk is the negative consequence of decisions based on inaccurate, improper or incorrect use of 
models. Sources of model risk include (i) incorrect or incomplete data in the model itself or the modelling 
method used in systems; and (ii) incorrect use or implementation of the model.
Model risk can cause financial loss, erroneous commercial and strategic decision-making or damage to the 
Issuer’s transactions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, 
financial condition and prospects.
Unprecedented movement in economic and market drivers related to the COVID-19 pandemic required 
monitoring and adjustment of financial models (including credit loss models, capital models, traded risk 
models and models used in the asset/liability management process) to comply with the guidance and 
recommendations of standard setters, regulators and supervisors, particularly for credit loss models. It also 
resulted in the use of mitigants for model limitations, such as adjustments to model outputs to reflect 
consideration of management judgment. The performance and usage of models was and may continue to 
be impacted by the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, data obtained during the COVID-
19 pandemic may not be representative and may distort the calibration of the models in the future, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
In addition, the fair value of the Issuer’s financial assets, determined using financial valuation models, may 
be inaccurate or subject to change and, as a consequence, the Issuer may have to register impairments or 
write-downs that could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and 
prospects. See more information in “—Market conditions have resulted and could result in material changes 
to the estimated fair values of the Issuer’s financial assets. Negative fair value adjustments could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and prospects.”
The Issuer’s loan and investment portfolios are subject to risk of prepayment, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer.
The Issuer’s fixed rate loan and investment portfolios are subject to prepayment risk, which results from the 
ability of a borrower or issuer to pay a debt obligation prior to maturity. Generally, in a declining interest rate 
environment, prepayment activity increases, which reduces the weighted average lives of the Issuer’s 
earning assets and could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. The Issuer would also be required to 
amortize net premiums into income over a shorter period of time, thereby reducing the corresponding asset 
yield and net interest income. Prepayment risk also has a significant adverse impact on credit card and 
collateralized mortgage loans, since prepayments could shorten the weighted average life of these assets, 
which may result in a mismatch in the Issuer’s funding obligations and reinvestment at lower yields. 
Prepayment risk is inherent to the Issuer’s commercial activity and an increase in prepayments or a 
reduction in prepayment fees could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. The Chilean government is 
presently analyzing an initiative to reduce or limit prepayment fees and the Issuer does not yet have an 
estimate of the potential impact of such initiatives. The Issuer cannot assure you that this change or any 
future regulatory changes related to prepayment fees will not have a material impact on its business.
If the Issuer is unable to manage the growth of its operations, this could have an adverse impact on 
the Issuer’s profitability. 
The Issuer allocates management and planning resources to develop strategic plans for organic growth, and 
to identify possible acquisitions and disposals and areas for restructuring its businesses. From time to time, 
the Issuer evaluates acquisition and partnership opportunities that the Issuer believes offer additional value to 
its shareholders and are consistent with its business strategy, such as its acquisition of 51% of Santander 
Consumer S.A. in 2019. However, the Issuer may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or partnership 
candidates, and the Issuer’s ability to benefit from any such acquisitions and partnerships will depend in part 
on the Issuer’s successful integration of those businesses. Any such integration entails significant risks such

--- Page 29 ---
18
as unforeseen difficulties in integrating operations and systems and unexpected liabilities or contingencies 
relating to the acquired businesses, including legal claims and delivery and execution risks. The Issuer can 
give no assurances that the Issuer’s expectations regarding integration and synergies will materialize. The 
Issuer also cannot provide assurance that the Issuer will, in all cases, be able to manage its growth effectively 
or deliver its strategic growth objectives. Challenges that may result from the Issuer’s strategic growth 
decisions include the Issuer’s ability to:

manage efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses;

maintain or grow the Issuer’s existing customer base;

assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or acquisition candidates, including local 
regulation that can reduce or eliminate expected synergies;

finance strategic investments or acquisitions;

align the Issuer’s current information technology systems adequately with those of an enlarged 
group;

apply the Issuer’s risk management policy effectively to an enlarged group; and

manage a growing number of entities without over-committing management or losing key personnel.
Any failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, 
financial condition and prospects.
In addition, any acquisition or venture could result in the loss of key employees and inconsistencies in
standards, controls, procedures and policies.
Moreover, the success of the acquisition or venture will at least in part be subject to a number of political,
economic and other factors that are beyond the Issuer’s control. Any of these factors, individually or 
collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
Any failure to improve or upgrade the Issuer’s information technology infrastructure and information 
management systems in an effective, timely and cost-effective manner, including in response to new 
or modified cybersecurity and data privacy laws, rules and regulations could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer.
The Issuer’s ability to remain competitive depends in part on its ability to upgrade its information technology 
in an effective, timely and cost-effective manner. The Issuer must continually make significant investments in 
and improvements to its information technology infrastructure and information management systems in order 
to meet the needs of its customers. The Issuer cannot guarantee that in the future it will be able to maintain 
the level of capital expenditures necessary to support the continuous improvement and upgrading of its 
information technology infrastructure and information management systems. To the extent the Issuer is 
dependent on any particular technology or technological solution, it may be harmed if such technology or 
technological solution becomes non-compliant with existing industry standards or applicable laws, rules or 
regulations, fails to meet or exceed the capabilities of its competitors’ equivalent technologies or 
technological solutions, becomes increasingly expensive to service, retain and update, becomes subject to 
third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation, or malfunctions or 
functions in a way the Issuer did not anticipate. Additionally, new technologies and technological solutions 
are continually being released. As such, it is difficult to predict the problems the Issuer may encounter in 
improving its technologies’ functionality. There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to successfully 
adopt new technology as critical systems and applications become obsolete and better ones become 
available. Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade its information technology infrastructure and 
information management systems in an effective, timely and cost-efficient manner could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
19
Data breaches and other security incidents with respect to the Issuer’s or its third-party vendors’ 
systems could adversely affect the Issuer’s business or reputation, and create significant legal, 
regulatory or financial exposure.
Like other financial institutions, the Issuer receives, manages, holds, transmits, and otherwise processes 
certain proprietary, sensitive or confidential information, including personal information of customers and 
employees in the conduct of its banking operations, as well as a large number of assets. Accordingly, the 
Issuer’s business depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, 
and on the Issuer’s ability to rely on its digital technologies, computer and email services, software and 
networks, as well as on the secure storage, transmission and other processing of confidential, sensitive or 
personal data and other information using the Issuer’s computer systems and networks or those of its third-
party vendors. The proper and secure functioning of its financial controls, accounting and other data 
collection and processing systems is critical to the Issuer’s business and to its ability to compete effectively.
Data breaches, security incidents and data losses can result from, among other things, inadequate 
personnel, inadequate or failed internal control processes and systems, or external events or actors that 
interrupt normal business operations. The Issuer also faces the risk that the design of its or its third-party 
vendors’ cybersecurity controls and procedures proves to be inadequate or is circumvented such that its 
data or client records are incomplete, not recoverable or not securely stored. Any material disruption or 
slowdown of the Issuer’s systems could cause information, including data related to customer requests, to 
be lost or to be delivered to its clients with delays or errors, which could reduce demand for the Issuer’s 
services and products, could produce customer claims and could materially and adversely affect the Issuer.
Although the Issuer works with its clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties 
to develop secure data and information processing, collection, authentication, management, usage, storage 
and transmission capabilities and to ensure the eventual destruction of sensitive and confidential 
information, including personal information, to prevent against information security risks, the Issuer routinely 
manages personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, and the Issuer, its third-
party vendors or other third parties with which it does business may be the target of attempted cyber-attacks 
or subject to other information security incidents or breaches. This is especially applicable in the current 
environment, which is still being affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the shift to work-from-home 
policies for a significant portion of its workforce, as they access the Issuer’s secure networks remotely 
(see—The global COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted the Issuer’s business, and the continuance 
of this pandemic or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases or other public health 
emergency, could materially and adversely impact the Issuer’s business, financial condition, liquidity and 
results of operations). If the Issuer cannot maintain effective and secure electronic data and information 
(including personal information) management and processing system or the Issuer fails to maintain complete 
physical and electronic records, it could result in disruptions to the Issuer’s operations, litigation or claims 
from customers, regulators, employees and other third parties, violations of applicable privacy and other 
laws, rules or regulations, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational and financial harm to the Issuer.
Although the Issuer takes protective measures and monitors and develops its systems to protect its 
technology infrastructure, data and information from misappropriation or corruption, its and its third-party 
vendors’ systems, software and networks nevertheless may be vulnerable to breaches, disruptions, failures 
or other security incidents caused by, among other things, unauthorized access or misuse, computer 
viruses, malware, ransomware, disability devices, distributed denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, 
social engineering attacks, natural disasters such as fires, floods, hurricanes and tornadoes, power loss, 
telecommunications failures, employee or other third party misconduct, negligence, theft or fraud, human 
error, computer hackers, and other events that could have a serious impact on the Issuer.  Although the 
Issuer has procedures and controls in place to safeguard personal and other confidential or sensitive 
information in its possession, it has been and continues to be subject to a range of cyber-attacks, such as 
denial of service, malware and phishing attacks. While the Issuer generally performs cybersecurity due 
diligence on its key vendors, because it does not control its vendors and its ability to monitor their 
cybersecurity is limited, the Issuer cannot ensure the cybersecurity measures they take will be sufficient to 
protect any information it shares with them. Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual 
obligations, the Issuer may be held responsible for security breaches, cyber-attacks or other similar 
incidents attributed to its vendors as they relate to the information the Issuer shares with them. Moreover, it 
is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the precautions the Issuer takes to 
detect and prevent this activity may not always be effective.
In addition, the Issuer may also be impacted by cyber-attacks against national critical infrastructures of 
Chile, such as telecommunications networks. The Issuer’s information technology systems are dependent

--- Page 31 ---
20
on such national critical infrastructure and any cyber-attack against such critical infrastructure could 
negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to service its customers. As the Issuer does not operate such national 
critical infrastructure, it has limited ability to protect its information technology systems from the adverse 
effects of such a cyber-attack. For further information, see “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures 
about Market Risk—2. Non-financial risks—Cyber-security and data security plans” in the Issuer’s 2021 
IFRS Annual Report.
The Issuer has seen in recent years the information technology and computer systems of companies and 
organizations being increasingly targeted, and the techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or 
illegal access to information technology and computer systems have become increasingly complex and 
sophisticated. Furthermore, such techniques change frequently and are often not recognized or detected 
until after they have been launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including not only 
cyber criminals, but also activists and terrorists, nation states, nation state-supported actors and others. As 
attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, the Issuer may incur significant costs in 
order to modify or enhance its protective measures against such attacks, or to investigate or remediate any 
vulnerability or resulting breach, or in communicating cyber-attacks to its customers, affected individuals or 
regulators, as applicable. 
If the Issuer or its third-party vendors fall victim to successful cyber-attacks, penetrations, compromises, 
breaches or circumventions of their information technology systems or experience other security incidents in 
the future, the Issuer may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences, such as 
disruption to its operations, misappropriation of personal, proprietary, confidential or sensitive information, 
remediation costs (including liabilities for stolen assets or information, repairs of system damage, among 
others), increased cybersecurity protection costs, lost revenues arising from the unauthorized use of 
personal, proprietary, confidential or sensitive information or the failure to retain or attract customers 
following a cybersecurity incident, litigation and legal risks (including regulatory action, reporting obligations, 
investigation, fines and penalties), increased insurance premiums, reputational damage affecting the 
confidence of its customers and investors, as well as damages to its competitiveness, stock price and long-
term shareholder value.  In addition, the Issuer’s remediation efforts may not be successful, and it may not 
have adequate insurance to cover these losses. Moreover, even when a failure of or interruption in the 
Issuer’s or its third-party vendors’ systems or facilities is resolved in a timely manner or an attempted cyber-
attack, data breach or security incident is successfully avoided or thwarted, substantial resources and 
management attention are expended in doing so, and to successfully avoid or resolve any such incidents, 
the Issuer may be required to take actions that could adversely affect customer satisfaction or retention, as 
well as harm its reputation.
Modifications to Law 20,009 were passed in 2020 that modified the scope of responsibility for users and 
issuers when a client’s cards and/or online payment or transfer user information are lost, stolen or 
fraudulently used (including through hacking and cloning). Cardholders are obligated to notify the bank 
through an easily accessible channel when their cards have been lost, stolen, or fraudulently used. For 
those transactions realized prior to the notice of loss or theft of a credit card, the cardholder must also notify 
the issuer of all of the unauthorized transactions in the same notice or up to five business days following the 
original notification. In cases of fraud, the user will not be responsible for the transactions that they did not 
authorize and which were made prior to the fraud notification within the 30 calendar days following the 
issuance of said notice. In these cases, issuers are responsible for assuming these costs or must 
demonstrate that the transaction was in fact authorized by the owner or user of the credit card. The law also 
increased fines and jail time for those committing theft or fraud with credit cards, which must be legally 
pursued by the card issuer.
In light of these developments, the Issuer is trying to limit the exposure of its clients to credit card fraud 
through education, insurance coverage, marketing campaigns, daily transfer amount limits, chip technology, 
improved ATM software, and other technological improvements, but the Issuer cannot assure that this law 
will not increase the financial costs related to cybercrime and credit card fraud.
The Issuer’s controlling shareholder has a great deal of influence over the Issuer’s business and its 
interests could conflict with yours.
Santander Spain controls Santander-Chile through its holdings in Teatinos Siglo XXI Inversiones S.A. and 
Santander Chile Holding S.A., which are controlled subsidiaries. Santander Spain has control over 67.18% of 
the Issuer’s shares and an actual participation, excluding non-controlling shareholders that participate in 
Santander Chile Holding, S.A., of 67.12%.

--- Page 32 ---
21
Due to its share ownership, the Issuer’s controlling shareholder has the ability to control the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries, including the ability to:

elect the majority of the directors and exercise control over its company and subsidiaries;

cause the appointment of its principal officers;

declare the payment of any dividends;

agree to sell or otherwise transfer its controlling stake in it; and

determine the outcome of substantially all actions requiring shareholder approval, including 
amendments of its bylaws, transactions with related parties, corporate reorganizations, acquisitions 
and disposals of assets and issuance of additional equity securities, if any.
The Issuer operates as a stand-alone subsidiary within the Santander Group. Its controlling shareholder has 
no liability for the Issuer’s banking operations, except for the amount of its holdings of the Issuer’s capital 
stock. The interests of Santander Spain may differ from the Issuer’s interests or those of the Issuer’s other 
shareholders and the concentration of control in Santander Spain will limit other shareholders’ ability to 
influence corporate matters. As a result, the Issuer may take actions that its other shareholders do not view 
as beneficial.
The Issuer relies on third parties and affiliates for important products and services. 
Third-party vendors and certain affiliated companies provide key components of the Issuer’s business 
infrastructure such as loan and deposit servicing systems, back office and business process support, 
information technology production and support, internet connections and network access. Relying on these 
third parties and affiliated companies can be a source of operational and regulatory risk to the Issuer, 
including with respect to security breaches affecting such parties. The Issuer is also subject to risk with 
respect to security breaches affecting the vendors and other parties that interact with these service 
providers. As the Issuer’s interconnectivity with these third parties and affiliated companies increases, the 
Issuer increasingly faces the risk of operational failure with respect to their systems. The Issuer may be 
required to take steps to protect the integrity of its operational systems, thereby increasing its operational 
costs and potentially decreasing customer satisfaction. In addition, any problems caused by these third 
parties or affiliated companies, including as a result of them not providing the Issuer their services for any 
reason, or performing their services poorly, could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to deliver products and 
services to customers and otherwise conduct its business, which could lead to reputational damage and 
regulatory investigations and intervention. Replacing these third-party vendors could also entail significant 
delays and expense. Further, the operational and regulatory risk the Issuer faces as a result of these 
arrangements may be increased to the extent that it restructures such arrangements. Any restructuring 
could involve significant expense to the Issuer and entail significant delivery and execution risks, which 
could have a material adverse effect on its business, operations and financial condition.
Damage to the Issuer’s reputation could cause harm to the Issuer’s business prospects.
Maintaining a positive reputation is critical to protect the Issuer’s brand, attract and retain customers, 
investors and employees and conduct business transactions with counterparties. Damage to the Issuer’s 
reputation could therefore cause significant harm to the Issuer’s business and prospects.  Harm to the 
Issuer’s reputation could arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, 
including the possibility of fraud perpetrated by its employees, litigation or regulatory enforcement, failure to 
deliver minimum standards of service and quality, dealing with sectors that are not well perceived by the 
public (weapons industries or embargoed countries, for example), dealing with customers on sanctions lists, 
ratings downgrades, significant variations in the Issuer’s share price throughout the year, compliance 
failures, unethical behavior, and the activities of customers and counterparties, including activities that 
negatively affect the environment. Further, negative publicity regarding the Issuer may result in harm to the 
Issuer’s prospects.
Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members of, or individuals in, the industry 
can also affect the Issuer’s reputation.  For example, the role played by financial services firms in the 
financial crisis and the seeming shift toward increasing regulatory supervision and enforcement has caused 
public perception of the Issuer and others in the financial services industry to decline.

--- Page 33 ---
22
The Issuer could suffer significant reputational harm if the Issuer fails to identify and manage potential 
conflicts of interest properly. The failure, or perceived failure, to adequately address conflicts of interest 
could affect the willingness of clients to deal with the Issuer, or give rise to litigation or enforcement actions 
against the Issuer. Therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future 
that could cause material harm to the Issuer.
The Issuer may be the subject of misinformation and misrepresentations deliberately propagated to harm its 
reputation or for other deceitful purposes, or by profiteering short sellers seeking to gain an illegal market 
advantage by spreading false information about the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will 
effectively neutralize and contain a false information that may be propagated regarding the business, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and prospects.
FINANCIAL RISKS
The Issuer may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement or reform of 
benchmark indices.
Interest rate, equity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks,” including those in widespread and long-standing use, have been the subject of ongoing 
international, national and other regulatory scrutiny and initiatives and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented or are under consideration. These 
reforms have caused and may in the future cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences, which cannot be fully anticipated.
Any of the benchmark reforms which have been proposed or implemented, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could also increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of benchmarks and complying with regulations or requirements relating to 
benchmarks. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks or result in other consequences that cannot 
be predicted.
Any of these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the administration of 
benchmarks, could result in material adverse consequences to the return on, value of and market for loans, 
mortgages, securities, derivatives and other financial instruments whose returns are linked to any such 
benchmark, including those issued, funded or held by the Issuer.
The benchmark reform could have a material impact on Notes linked to such benchmark, including the 
discontinuance in use of a benchmark if its administrator does not obtain the requisite authorization or 
satisfy other applicable requirements. In such event, depending on the particular benchmark and the 
applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or 
otherwise impacted. Furthermore, the benchmark reform could also result in a change in the methodology or 
terms of the benchmark in order to comply with the requirements of the benchmark reform and such 
changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including, in certain 
circumstances, the selection of a substitute or successor reference rate.
Various regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the U.S. and other countries have 
worked to develop, introduce and encourage the use of alternative rates to replace interest rate 
benchmarks. A transition away from the widespread use of interest rate benchmarks to alternative rates has 
begun and will continue over the course of the next few years. While central bank-sponsored committees in 
various jurisdictions have recommended alternative rates for various important interest rate benchmarks, if a 
particular benchmark were to be discontinued and an alternative rate had not been successfully introduced 
to replace that benchmark, this could result in widespread dislocation in the financial markets, engender 
volatility in the pricing of securities, derivatives and other instruments, and suppress capital markets 
activities, all of which could have adverse effects on the Issuer’s results of operations. In addition, the 
transition of a particular benchmark to a replacement rate could affect hedge accounting relationships 
between financial instruments linked to that benchmark and any related derivatives, which could adversely 
affect the Issuer’s results.
On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates the London interbank 
offered rate (“LIBOR”), published an announcement to confirm the dates immediately after which all LIBOR

--- Page 34 ---
23
settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: December 31, 
2021 for all EUR, GBP, JPY and CHF LIBOR tenors and 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR tenors, and June 
30, 2023 for the remaining USD LIBOR tenors (overnight, 1-, 3-, 6- and 12-month). Therefore, since January 
1, 2022, most LIBOR settings have ceased to be available. While publication of the 1-, 3- and 6-month GBP 
and JPY tenors will continue at least until the end of 2022 on the basis of a ‘synthetic’ methodology, these 
rates are solely available for use in legacy transactions. In addition, while certain USD LIBOR tenors are 
expected to continue to be published until June 30, 2023, U.S. regulators and the FCA have published 
guidance instructing banks to cease entering into new contracts referencing USD LIBOR no later than 
December 31, 2021, with limited exceptions.
Additionally, on September 13, 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended that the Euro 
Short Term Rate (“€STR”) shall replace the Euro Overnight Index Average (“EONIA”). Since October 2, 
2019, when the €STR became available, EONIA changed its methodology to be calculated as the €STR 
plus a spread of 8.5 basis points. This change in EONIA’s methodology is intended to facilitate the market’s 
transition from EONIA to €STR, with the former having been discontinued on January 3, 2022.
In October 2020, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) launched the 2020 IBOR 
Fallbacks Protocol, which amends the ISDA’s interest rate definitions used among protocol adherents, to 
incorporate new fallbacks for legacy non-cleared derivatives linked to LIBOR and certain other interest rate 
benchmarks. The protocol became effective as of January 25, 2021. Banco Santander S.A. and several 
subsidiaries, including Santander Chile, have adhered to this new protocol. Similarly, ISDA’s IBOR Fallbacks 
Supplement also amended ISDA’s standard definitions to incorporate these new fallbacks in new derivatives 
entered into on or after that same effective date. Following December 31, 2021, derivatives referencing non-
USD LIBOR that were amended through adherence to the 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol or that incorporate 
the IBOR Fallbacks Supplement are or will be valued using the adjusted version of the applicable risk-free 
reference rate selected as an alternative to the applicable IBOR by the appropriate national committee.
With respect to USD LIBOR-linked contracts that are governed by New York law, New York State has 
enacted legislation that will replace references to LIBOR in certain contracts with a benchmark based on the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), including any spread adjustment, recommended by the 
Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the Alternative Reference Rates 
Committee (the “ARRC”) convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York.
In December 2020, the European Union Council endorsed new rules amending the EU Benchmark 
Regulation (“BMR”). The aim of the amendments to the BMR is to ensure that a statutory replacement 
benchmark can be established by the regulators by the time a systemically important benchmark is no 
longer in place, and, thus, protect financial stability in EU markets. It is likely that the regulators will decide to 
use these powers to mitigate, to the extent possible, systemic risks that might result from the phasing out of 
LIBOR by the end of 2021. The new rules give the European Commission the power to replace the so-called 
‘critical benchmarks’, which could affect the stability of financial markets in Europe, and other relevant 
benchmarks, if their termination would result in a significant disruption in the functioning of financial markets 
in the EU. The European Commission will also be able to replace third-country benchmarks if their cessation 
would result in a significant disruption in the functioning of financial markets or pose a systemic risk for the 
financial system in the EU. In this regard, the European Commission published two Delegated Regulations 
in the Official Journal of the European Union, nominating the replacement rates for two interest rate 
benchmarks: the Swiss Franc London Interbank Offered Rate and EONIA. The Regulations took effect from 
November 11, 2021.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently publishes the SOFR based on overnight U.S. Treasury 
repurchase agreement transactions, which has been recommended as the alternative to USD LIBOR by the 
ARRC. In addition, the Bank of England publishes a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average, comprised 
of a broader set of overnight GBP money market transactions, which has been selected by the Working 
Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates as the alternative rate to GBP LIBOR.
These and other reforms have caused and may in the future cause benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be fully anticipated which 
introduce a number of risks for the Santander Group.  These risks include (i) legal risks arising from potential 
changes required to documentation for new and existing transactions; (ii) risk management, financial and 
accounting risks arising from market risk models and from valuation, hedging, discontinuation and 
recognition of financial instruments linked to benchmark rates; (iii) business risk of a decrease in revenues of 
products linked to indices that will be replaced; (iv) pricing risks arising from how changes to benchmark

--- Page 35 ---
24
indices could impact pricing mechanisms on some instruments; (v) operational risks arising from the 
potential requirement to adapt IT systems, trade reporting infrastructure and operational processes; (vi) 
conduct risks arising from the potential impact of communication with customers and engagement during the 
transition period and inquiries, reviews or other actions from regulators regarding the Issuer’s preparation, 
readiness and transition plans, and (vii) litigation risks and risks relating to other disputes and actions with 
clients, counterparties, investors and other parties regarding the Issuer’s existing products and services, 
which could adversely impact the Issuer’s profitability. The replacement benchmarks and their transition path 
have been defined, but, with respect to some benchmarks, the mechanisms for implementation are under 
development.
Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what extent, any such changes would 
affect the Issuer. However, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The Issuer may also 
be adversely affected if the change restricts its ability to provide products and services or if it necessitates 
the development of additional information technology systems. There can be no assurances that the Issuer 
or other market participants will be adequately prepared for the ongoing benchmark reforms.
Credit, market and liquidity risk may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s credit ratings and the 
Issuer’s cost of funds. Any downgrade in the credit rating of Chile, the Issuer itself or the Issuer’s 
controlling shareholders would likely increase the Issuer’s cost of funding, require the Issuer to post 
additional collateral or take other actions under some of the Issuer’s derivative and other contracts 
and adversely affect the Issuer’s interest margins and results of operations. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Issuer can obtain funding. Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate the Issuer and their ratings of the Issuer’s debt are based on several factors, including the 
Issuer’s financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. In addition, due 
to the methodology of the main rating agencies, the Issuer’s credit rating is affected by the rating of Chile’s 
sovereign debt. If Chile’s sovereign debt is downgraded, the Issuer’s credit rating would also likely be 
downgraded by an equivalent amount. In addition, the Issuer’s ratings may be adversely affected by any 
downgrade in the ratings of its parent company, Santander Spain.
During 2020, as a result of the social unrest in Chile and the COVID-19 pandemic, Standard & Poor’s 
Ratings Services (S&P) and Moody’s revised the credit ratings of the Republic of Chile and of the Issuer to a 
negative outlook. In March 2021, due to the ongoing pandemic and the consequent increase in government 
spending with a higher fiscal deficit, S&P downgraded the Chilean sovereign rating from A+ to A. As a direct 
effect of the Chilean sovereign rating downgrade, S&P downgraded the Issuer’s rating from A to A-, 
maintaining a negative outlook. In September 2021, S&P changed Santander Chile’s outlook from negative 
to stable.
Any downgrade in the Issuer’s debt credit ratings would likely increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs and 
require the Issuer to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other 
contracts, and could limit its access to capital markets and adversely affect its commercial business. For 
example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to sell or market some of its 
products, engage in certain longer-term and derivatives transactions and retain its customers, particularly 
customers who need a minimum rating threshold in order to invest. In addition, under the terms of certain of 
the Issuer’s derivative contracts and other financial commitments, it may be required to maintain a minimum 
credit rating or terminate such contracts or require the posting of collateral. Any of these results of a ratings 
downgrade could reduce the Issuer’s liquidity and have an adverse effect on the Issuer, including the 
Issuer’s operating results and financial condition.
While certain potential impacts of these downgrades are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences 
of a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain, as they depend upon numerous dynamic, complex and 
inter-related factors and assumptions, including market conditions at the time of any downgrade, whether any 
downgrade of the Issuer’s long-term credit rating precipitates downgrades to its short-term credit rating, and 
assumptions about the potential behaviors of various customers, investors and counterparties. Actual outflows 
could be higher or lower than the preceding hypothetical examples, depending upon certain factors including 
which credit rating agency downgrades the Issuer’s credit rating, any management or restructuring actions 
that could be taken to reduce cash outflows and the potential liquidity impact from loss of unsecured funding 
(such as from money market funds) or loss of secured funding capacity. Although unsecured and secured 
funding stresses are included in the Issuer’s stress testing scenarios and a portion of the Issuer’s total liquid 
assets is held against these risks, a credit rating downgrade could still have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer.

--- Page 36 ---
25
In addition, if the Issuer were required to cancel its derivatives contracts with certain counterparties and was 
unable to replace such contracts, its market risk profile could be altered.
There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. In general, 
the future evolution of the Issuer’s ratings will be linked, to a large extent, to macroeconomic outlook and, 
therefore, to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (including, for example, new variants, new lockdowns, 
etc.) on the macro outlook of the Issuer’s asset quality, profitability and capital. Failure to maintain favorable 
ratings and outlooks could increase the Issuer’s cost of funding and adversely affect interest margins, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
Market conditions have resulted and could result in material changes to the estimated fair values of 
the Issuer’s financial assets. Negative fair value adjustments could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and prospects.
In the past, financial markets have been subject to significant stress resulting in steep falls in perceived or 
actual financial asset values, particularly due to volatility in global financial markets and the resulting 
widening of credit spreads, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Issuer has material 
exposures to securities, loans and other investments that are recorded at fair value and are therefore 
exposed to potential negative fair value adjustments. Asset valuations in future periods, reflecting then-
prevailing market conditions, may result in negative changes in the fair values of the Issuer’s financial assets 
and these may also translate into increased impairments. In addition, the value ultimately realized by the 
Issuer on disposal may be lower than the current fair value. Any of these factors could require the Issuer to 
record negative fair value adjustments, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating 
results, financial condition or prospects.
In 2021, pension fund withdrawals and political uncertainty in Chile have led to significant rate increases 
along the entire yield curve. Furthermore, the Central Bank increased the MPR from 0.5% to 0.75% in July 
2021, to 1.5% in August, to 2.5% in October and then to 4.0% in December 2021. This has negatively 
impacted the fair value of various financial assets, including the Issuer’s debt instruments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2021, these instruments include balances of 
unrealized net loss of Ch$112,223 million recognized as “Valuation accounts” in equity.
In addition, to the extent that fair values are determined using financial valuation models, such values may 
be inaccurate or subject to change, as the data used by such models may not be available or may become 
unavailable due to changes in market conditions, particularly for illiquid assets, and particularly in times of 
economic instability. In such circumstances, the Issuer’s valuation methodologies require the Issuer to make 
assumptions, judgments and estimates in order to establish fair value, and reliable assumptions are difficult 
to make and are inherently uncertain and valuation models are complex, making them inherently imperfect 
predictors of actual results. Any consequential impairments or write-downs could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
The value of the collateral securing the Issuer’s loans may not be sufficient, and the Issuer may be 
unable to realize the full value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio.
The value of the collateral securing the Issuer’s loan portfolio may fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond 
the Issuer’s control, including as a result of a prolonged COVID-19 pandemic or a weaker than expected 
recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic factors affecting Chile’s economy.  The value of 
the collateral securing the Issuer’s loan portfolio may be adversely affected by force majeure events, such 
as natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), particularly in locations where a significant 
portion of the Issuer’s loan portfolio is composed of real estate loans. Natural disasters such as earthquakes 
and floods may cause widespread damage, which could impair the asset quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio 
and could have an adverse impact on Chile’s economy. The real estate market is particularly vulnerable in 
the current economic climate and this may affect the Issuer, as real estate represents a significant portion of 
the collateral securing the Issuer’s residential mortgage loan portfolio. The Issuer may also not have 
sufficiently recent information on the value of collateral, which may result in an inaccurate assessment for 
impairment losses of the Issuer’s loans secured by such collateral. If any of the above were to occur, the 
Issuer may need to make additional provisions to cover actual impairment losses of the Issuer’s loans, which 
may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.
At December 31, 2021, 62% of the Issuer’s loans and advances to customers are collateralized, which 
includes 14% of the Issuer’s consumer loans, 96% of its mortgage loans and 50% of its commercial loans.

--- Page 37 ---
26
In addition, auto industry technology changes, accelerated by environmental regulations, could affect the 
Issuer’s auto consumer business in Chile, particularly residual values of leased vehicles, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and prospects.
The credit quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio may deteriorate and its loan loss reserves could be 
insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Non-performing or low credit quality 
loans have in the past negatively impacted the Issuer’s results of operations and could do so in the future. In 
particular, the amount of the Issuer’s reported credit impaired loans may increase in the future as a result of 
growth in the Issuer’s total loan portfolio, including as a result of loan portfolios that it may acquire in the 
future (the credit quality of which may turn out to be worse than the Issuer had anticipated), or factors 
beyond the Issuer’s control, such as adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and 
counterparties or a general deterioration in economic conditions in Chile or in global economic and political 
conditions, including as a result of a prolonged COVID-19 pandemic or a weaker-than-expected economic 
recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic. If the Issuer is unable to control the level of its credit impaired or 
poor credit quality loans, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer’s non-performing loans were Ch$449,835 million, and the ratio of the 
Issuer’s non-performing loans to total loans was 1.2%. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer’s allowance for 
loan losses was Ch$1,051,434 million, and the ratio of the Issuer’s allowance for loan losses to total loans 
was 2.9%. For additional information on the Issuer’s asset quality, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial 
Review and Prospects—C. Selected Statistical Information—Analysis and Classification of Loan Portfolio 
Based on the Borrower’s Payment Performance” in the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report.  
The Issuer’s loan loss reserves are based on the Issuer’s current assessment of and expectations 
concerning various factors affecting the Issuer, including the quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio. These 
factors include, among other things, the Issuer’s borrowers’ financial condition, repayment abilities and 
repayment intentions, the realizable value of any collateral, the prospects for support from any guarantor, 
Chile’s economy, government macroeconomic policies, interest rates and the legal and regulatory 
environment. Because many of these factors are beyond the Issuer’s control and there is no infallible 
method for predicting loan and credit losses, the Issuer cannot assure you that its current or future loan loss 
reserves will be sufficient to cover actual losses. If the Issuer’s assessment of and expectations concerning 
the above-mentioned factors differ from actual developments, if the quality of the Issuer’s total loan portfolio 
deteriorates, for any reason or if the future actual losses exceed the Issuer’s estimates of incurred losses, 
the Issuer may be required to increase its loan loss reserves, which may adversely affect the Issuer. 
Additionally, in calculating its loan loss reserves, the Issuer may employ qualitative tools and statistical 
models that may not be reliable in all circumstances and which are dependent upon data that may not be 
complete. 
The Issuer’s financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. The Issuer is subject to 
fluctuations in interest rates and other market risks, which may materially and adversely affect the 
Issuer and its profitability. 
The COVID-19 pandemic caused and could still cause high market volatility, which could materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer and its trading and banking book.
Economic activities exposed to market risk include (i) transactions where risk is assumed as a consequence 
of potential changes in interest rates, inflation rates, exchange rates, stock prices, credit spreads, 
commodity prices, volatility and other market factors; (ii) the liquidity risk from the Issuer’s products and 
markets, and (iii) the balance sheet liquidity risk.
As described below, market risk affects (i) the Issuer’s interest income / (charges); (ii) the market value of 
the Issuer’s assets and liabilities and, in particular, of its securities holdings, loans and deposits and 
derivatives transactions; and (iii) other areas of the Issuer’s business, such as the volume of loans originated 
or credit spreads.
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including increased regulation of the 
financial sector, the reserve policies of the Central Bank, deregulation of the financial sector in Chile, 
monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Variations in interest 
rates could affect the interest earned on the Issuer’s assets and the interest paid on its borrowings, thereby

--- Page 38 ---
27
affecting the Issuer’s interest income / (charges), which comprises the majority of the Issuer’s revenue, 
reducing its growth rate and potentially resulting in losses. In addition, costs the Issuer incurs as it 
implements strategies to reduce interest rate exposure could increase in the future, which, in turn, will 
impact the Issuer’s results.
Increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans the Issuer originates. Sustained high interest 
rates have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in increased delinquencies 
in outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in interest rates may reduce the 
value of the Issuer’s financial assets and may reduce gains or require the Issuer to record losses on sales of 
its loans or securities.
While it would likely decrease funding costs, if interest rates decrease, the income the Issuer receives from 
its investments in securities and loans with similar maturities could be adversely affected. In addition, the 
Issuer may also experience increased delinquencies in a low interest rate environment when such an 
environment is accompanied by high unemployment and recessionary conditions. See “Item 11. Quantitative 
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risks—Market Risk: Quantitative Disclosure—Impact of Interest 
Rates” in the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report.
The market value of a security with a fixed interest rate generally decreases when the prevailing interest 
rates rise, which may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s earnings and financial condition. In addition, the 
Issuer may incur costs as it implements strategies to reduce interest rate exposure in the future (which, in 
turn, will impact the Issuer’s results). The market value of an obligation with a floating interest rate can be 
adversely affected when interest rates increase, due to a lag in the implementation of repricing terms or an 
inability to refinance at lower rates. 
High levels of inflation in Chile could adversely affect the Chilean economy and the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. As of March 31, 2022, the 12-month CPI inflation rate in Chile 
reached 9.2%, the highest level since October 2008. Although the Issuer benefits from inflation in Chile due 
to the current structure of its assets and liabilities (i.e., a significant portion of its loans are indexed to the 
inflation rate, but there are no corresponding features in deposits, or other funding sources that would 
increase the size of its funding base), there can be no assurance that the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations will not be adversely affected by changing levels of inflation, including 
from extended periods of inflation that adversely affect economic growth or periods of deflation.
Any change in the methodology of how the CPI index or the UF are calculated, as well as extended periods 
of deflation, could also adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The UF is revalued in monthly cycles. On each day in the period beginning on the tenth day of any given 
month through the ninth day of the succeeding month, the nominal peso value of the UF is indexed up (or 
down in the event of deflation) in order to reflect a proportionate amount of the change in the Chilean 
Consumer Price Index during the prior calendar month. For more information regarding the UF, see “Item 5. 
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—A. Operating Results—Impact of Inflation” in the Issuer’s 
2021 IFRS Annual Report. Congress is currently discussing a law that could transitorily reduce the value-
added tax up to 2022 for certain consumer goods from 19% to 10%, and 4% for basic consumer goods such 
as food, medication, and books. This decrease in the value-added tax could create a period of deflation, and 
therefore have a negative impact on the Issuer in the short-term. See “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosure About Market Risks—Market Risk: Quantitative Disclosure—Impact of Inflation” in the Issuer’s 
2021 IFRS Annual Report.
The Issuer is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk as a result of mismatches between assets and 
liabilities denominated in different currencies. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between currencies may 
negatively affect the Issuer’s earnings and value of the Issuer’s assets and securities. Therefore, while the 
Issuer seeks to avoid significant mismatches between assets and liabilities due to foreign currency 
exposure, from time to time, it may have mismatches. The Chilean peso has been subject to large 
devaluations and appreciations in the past and could be subject to significant fluctuations in the future. The 
Issuer’s results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates between the peso and 
the dollar despite its policy and Chilean regulations relating to the general avoidance of material exchange 
rate exposure. In order to avoid material exchange rate exposure, the Issuer enters into forward exchange 
transactions. The Issuer may decide to change its policy regarding exchange rate exposure. Regulations 
that limit such exposures may also be amended or eliminated. Greater exchange rate risk will increase the 
Issuer’s exposure to the devaluation of the peso, and any such devaluation may impair the Issuer’s capacity 
to service foreign currency obligations and may, therefore, materially and adversely affect its financial 
condition and results of operations. Notwithstanding the existence of general policies and regulations that

--- Page 39 ---
28
limit material exchange rate exposures, the economic policies of the Chilean government, new foreign 
currency regulations by the Central Bank and any future fluctuations of the peso against the dollar could 
affect the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. See “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosure About Market Risks—Market Risk: Quantitative Disclosure—Foreign exchange fluctuations” in 
the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report.
If any of these risks were to materialize, the Issuer’s interest income or the market value of its assets and 
liabilities could suffer a material adverse impact.
The Issuer is subject to market, operational and other related risks associated with its derivative 
transactions that could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
The Issuer enters into derivative transactions for trading purposes as well as for hedging purposes. The 
Issuer is subject to market, credit and operational risks associated with these transactions, including basis 
risk (the risk of loss associated with variations in the spread between the asset yield and the funding and/or 
hedge cost) and credit or default risk (the risk of insolvency or other inability of the counterparty to a 
particular transaction to perform its obligations thereunder, including providing sufficient collateral).
Market practices and documentation for derivative transactions in Chile may differ from those in other 
countries. For example, documentation may not incorporate terms and conditions of derivatives transactions 
as commonly understood in other countries. In addition, the execution and performance of these 
transactions depend on the Issuer’s ability to maintain adequate control and administration systems. 
Moreover, the Issuer’s ability to adequately monitor, analyze and report derivative transactions continues to 
depend, largely, on the Issuer’s information technology systems. These factors further increase the risks 
associated with these transactions and could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
At December 31, 2021, the notional value of the trading derivatives in the Issuer’s books amounted to 
Ch$371,856,243 million (with a market value of Ch$9,494,471 million of debit balance and Ch$9,507,031 
million of credit balance).
At December 31, 2021, the nominal value of the hedging derivatives in the Issuer’s books within its financial 
risk management strategy and with the aim of reducing asymmetries in the accounting treatment of its 
operations amounted to Ch$31,463,553 million (with a market value of Ch$629,136 million in assets and 
Ch$1,364,210 million in liabilities).
The Issuer is subject to counterparty risk in its banking business.
The Issuer is exposed to counterparty risk in addition to credit risks associated with lending activities. 
Counterparty risk may arise from, for example, investing in securities of third parties, entering into derivative 
contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to the Issuer or executing 
securities, futures or currency or commodity trades  from proprietary trading activities that fail to settle at the 
required time due to non-delivery by the counterparty or systems failure by clearing agents, clearing houses 
or other financial intermediaries. 
The Issuer routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual funds, hedge funds and other institutional clients. 
Defaults by, and even rumors or questions about the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the 
financial services industry generally have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or 
defaults by other institutions. Many of the routine transactions the Issuer enters into expose the Issuer to 
significant credit risk in the event of default by one of the Issuer’s significant counterparties. 
Liquidity and funding risks are inherent in the Issuer’s business and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer either does not have sufficient financial resources available to meet 
the Issuer’s obligations as they are due or can only secure them at excessive cost. This risk is inherent in 
any banking business and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-
reliance on a particular source of funding, changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as 
market dislocation, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While the Issuer has in place liquidity 
management processes to mitigate and control these risks, systemic market factors make it difficult to 
eliminate these risks completely. Constraints in the supply of liquidity, including in inter-bank lending, could 
materially and adversely affect the cost of funding the Issuer’s business, and extreme liquidity constraints

--- Page 40 ---
29
may affect the Issuer’s current operations and its ability to fulfill regulatory liquidity requirements, as well as 
limit growth possibilities. 
The Issuer’s cost of obtaining funding is directly related to prevailing interest rates and to its credit spreads. 
Increases in interest rates and/or in the Issuer’s credit spreads could significantly increase the cost of the 
Issuer’s funding. Credit spreads variations are market-driven and may be influenced by market perceptions 
of the Issuer’s creditworthiness. Changes to interest rates and the Issuer’s credit spreads may occur 
frequently and could be unpredictable and highly volatile.
The Issuer relies, and will continue to rely, primarily on retail deposits to fund lending activities. The ongoing 
availability of this type of funding is sensitive to a variety of factors beyond the Issuer’s control, such as 
general economic conditions and the confidence of retail depositors in the economy and in the financial 
services industry, and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees, as well as competition for deposits 
between banks or with other products, such as mutual funds. Any of these factors could increase the 
amount of retail deposit withdrawals in a short period of time, thereby reducing the Issuer’s ability to access 
retail deposit funding on appropriate terms, or at all, in the future. If these circumstances were to arise, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and prospects.
The Issuer anticipates that its customers will continue, in the near future, to make short-term deposits 
(particularly demand deposits and short-term time deposits), and the Issuer intends to maintain its emphasis 
on the use of banking deposits as a source of funds. As of December 31, 2021, 99.4% of the Issuer’s 
customer deposits had remaining maturities of one year or less, or were payable on demand. A significant 
portion of the Issuer’s assets have longer maturities, resulting in a mismatch between the maturities of 
liabilities and the maturities of assets.  Historically, one of the Issuer’s principal sources of funds has been 
time deposits. Time deposits represented 15.0% and 19.0% of the Issuer’s total liabilities and equity as of 
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Chilean time deposit market is concentrated given the 
importance in size of various large institutional investors such as pension funds and corporations relative to 
the total size of the economy. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer’s top 20 time deposits represented 
22.9% of total time deposits, or 3.6% of total liabilities and equity, and totaled U.S.$2.7 billion. No assurance 
can be given that future economic stability in the Chilean market will not negatively affect the Issuer’s ability 
to continue funding its business or to maintain its current levels of funding without incurring increased 
funding costs, a reduction in the term of funding instruments or the liquidation of certain assets. If this were 
to happen, the Issuer could be materially adversely affected.
The short-term nature of this funding source could cause liquidity problems for the Issuer in the future if 
deposits are not made in the volumes the Issuer expects or are not renewed. If a substantial number of the 
Issuer’s depositors withdraw their demand deposits or do not roll over their time deposits upon maturity, the 
Issuer may be materially and adversely affected.
Central banks took extraordinary measures to increase liquidity in the financial markets as a response to the 
financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic. If these facilities, which are starting to be progressively 
reduced, were to be rapidly removed, this could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to access 
liquidity and on its funding costs.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chilean Central Bank has made available two lines of credit to 
banks to reinforce their liquidity. Pursuant to these lines of credit, a bank may borrow up to 3% of the 
aggregate amount of its consumer and commercial loan portfolios as of February 29, 2020 and may borrow 
up to an additional 12% if it uses the funds to provide loans to companies and individuals. The first line of 
credit is a facility available conditionally on loan growth (the “FCIC”) to ensure that banks continue to finance 
households and businesses in Chile. Loans provided by this line of credit may have maturities of up to 4 
years and must be secured by government bonds, corporate bonds or highly rated large commercial loans 
as collateral. In stages 1 and 2, the Board of the Central Bank had allocated a total of U.S.$40 billion to this 
facility, of which approximately U.S.$30 billion was disbursed. The Central Bank in its Monetary Policy 
Meeting held on January 27, 2021 announced the beginning of a third stage of this instrument (FCIC3) 
commencing on March 1, 2021 for approximately U.S.$10 billion. The FCIC instruments bear interest at 
0.5% (the lowest Central Bank MPR) for the duration of the program. Loans provided under the second line 
of credit, the Liquidity Credit Line (“LCL”), are unsecured and may have maturities of up to 2 years, bearing 
interest in accordance with the current Central Bank MPR. In addition, borrowings by a bank under the LCL 
are limited to the aggregate amount of the liquidity reserve requirements of such bank. Ultimately, these 
lines of credit are intended to ensure banks have ample liquidity to enable them to continue financing 
companies and individuals. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer had borrowed Ch$5,611,439 million 
(U.S.$6.6 billion) under the FCIC programs and had no debt outstanding under the LCL.

--- Page 41 ---
30
Additionally, the Issuer’s activities could be adversely impacted by liquidity tensions arising from generalized 
drawdowns of committed credit lines to its customers.
The Issuer cannot assure that in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking 
system, it will be able to maintain levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, a reduction in the 
term of funding instruments or the liquidation of certain assets. If this were to happen, the Issuer could be 
materially adversely affected.
Changes to the pension fund system may affect the Issuer’s liquidity levels and/or funding costs.
The current pension fund system dates from the 1980s when pensions went from being state-funded to 
privately-funded, which requires Chilean employees to set aside 10% of their wages. As of December 31, 
2021, the Chilean pension fund management companies (Administradora de Fondos de Pensión, or “AFPs”) 
had U.S.$3.1 billion invested in the Issuer via equity, deposits and fixed income. The demographics of 
Chilean society have changed, resulting in a need to modify the system. In January 2020, the Chilean 
government presented a bill for pension reform to Congress. These changes include increasing minimum 
pensions and introducing a social insurance scheme for events such as longevity. Also, the amount each 
worker must set aside would increase from the current 10% of wages to 16%. The additional 6% would be 
gradually introduced over 12 years and would be a cost for the employer, thus potentially raising payroll 
expenses. The additional 6% would not be managed by the AFPs, but by a new government pension entity. 
This bill has yet to be approved by Congress and the Issuer is unable to predict the final content of the law. 
The new administration has stated their desire to overhaul the current pension system, including switching to 
a defined benefit pension system or a mixed system with greater state involvement. The potential adverse 
effect of any proposed bill on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations cannot yet be 
ascertained.
Chilean regulations also impose a series of restrictions on how Chilean AFPs may allocate their assets. In 
the particular case of financial issuers’ there are three restrictions, each involving different assets and 
different limits determined by the amount of assets in each fund and the market and book value of the 
issuer’s equity. As a consequence, limits vary within funds of AFPs and issuers. According to the Issuer’s 
estimates in December 2021, the AFPs still had the possibility of being able to invest another U.S.$8.0 
billion in the Issuer via equity, deposits and fixed income. If the exposure of any AFP to Santander-Chile 
exceeds the regulatory limits or if the regulatory limits are reduced or the amount of funds available in the 
pension funds falls significantly, the Issuer would need to seek alternative sources of funding, which could 
be more expensive and, as a consequence, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial 
condition and results of operations.
In July 2020, a law was passed permitting Chileans to withdraw a minimum of UF35 (U.S.$1,200) and a 
maximum of UF150 (U.S.$5,300) from their pension funds. For those that have funds below UF35, they 
were able to take out the total amount of their savings. The draw down was tax-free and approximately 
U.S.$19.7 billion was withdrawn. In December 2020, a second pension fund withdrawal was approved, 
although withdrawals under this approval were not tax-exempt. This added another U.S.$16.0 billion in 
liquidity to the system. On April 27, 2021, a third withdrawal was approved and added a further U.S.$13.3 
billion of liquidity into the system. Withdrawals had an immediate impact on local fixed income capital 
markets and between December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, the yield on Chile’s 10-year Central 
Bank nominal bond increased from 2.6% to 5.7%, reaching a peak at 6.8% on October 13, 2021. These 
extraordinary withdrawals have resulted in lower funding from AFPs. In addition, a bill has been proposed 
that would allow pensioners who receive an annuity to be eligible to receive an advancement. The FMC has 
stated that this new advancement of annuities could materially affect the solvency of life insurance 
companies with a subsequent negative impact on capital markets.  No assurances can be made as to 
whether congress will approve additional withdrawals and as to whether the withdrawals will have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, liquidity levels, and its ability to obtain funding from the 
AFPs.
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS
The Issuer is subject to regulatory capital requirements that could limit its operations, and changes 
to these requirements may further limit and adversely affect the Issuer’s operating results, financial 
condition and prospects.
On October 9, 2020, the FMC published the final regulations on regulatory capital to comply with effective 
net worth rules in accordance with Basel III and the General Banking Law. The new regulation became

--- Page 42 ---
31
effective on December 1, 2021 and is being gradually implemented and adjusted to be fully effective by 
December 1, 2025. Pursuant to the new regulation, there are three levels of capital: ordinary capital level 1 
or CET1 (basic capital), additional capital level 1 or AT1 (perpetual bonds and preferred stock) and capital 
level 2 or T2 (subordinated bonds and voluntary provisions). Regulatory capital is composed of the sum of 
CET1, AT1 and T2 after making some deductions, mainly for intangible assets, hybrid securities issued by 
foreign subsidiaries, partial deduction for deferred taxes and some reserve and profit accounts.  For further 
details of capital requirements, please see “Item 4 Information on the Company— B. Business Overview-
Regulation and Supervision— Minimum Capital” in the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report.
The Issuer believes its current capital levels are adequate, but it cannot rule out having to raise additional 
capital in the future in order to maintain its capital adequacy ratios above the minimum required by the FMC. 
The Issuer’s ability to raise additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, including: the Issuer’s 
future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; any necessary government regulatory 
approvals; the Issuer’s credit ratings; general market conditions for capital raising activities by commercial 
banks and other financial institutions; and domestic and international economic, political and other 
conditions.  If the Issuer requires additional capital in the future, the Issuer cannot assure you that it will be 
able to obtain such capital on favorable terms, in a timely manner or at all. Furthermore, the FMC may 
increase the minimum capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer. Accordingly, although the 
Issuer currently meets the applicable capital adequacy requirements, the Issuer may face difficulties in 
meeting these requirements in the future. If the Issuer fails to meet the capital adequacy requirements, the 
Issuer may be required to take corrective actions. These measures could materially and adversely affect the 
Issuer’s business reputation, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if the Issuer is unable 
to raise enough capital in a timely manner, the growth of the Issuer’s loan portfolio and other risk-weighted 
assets may be restricted, and the Issuer may face significant challenges in implementing the Issuer’s 
business strategy. As a result, the Issuer’s prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be 
materially and adversely affected.
The Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements that could limit its operations, and changes to these 
requirements may further limit and adversely affect its operating results, financial condition and 
prospects.
The FMC and the Central Bank published new liquidity standards in 2015 and ratios that must be 
implemented and calculated by all banks. These new liquidity standards are in line with those established in 
Basel III. The most important liquidity ratios that have been adopted by Chilean banks are: 

Liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”), which measures the percentage of liquid assets over net cash 
outflows. The new guidelines also define liquid assets and the formulas for calculating net cash 
outflows.

Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”), which will measure a bank’s available stable funding 
relative to its required stable funding. Both concepts are also defined in the new regulations. 
The implementation of internationally accepted liquidity ratios might require changes in business practices 
that affect the Issuer’s profitability. The LCR is a liquidity standard that measures if banks have enough high-
quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. The NSFR 
provides a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities such that banks maintain a stable funding 
profile in relation to their activities. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer’s LCR and NSFR were 149% and 
110.8%, respectively.  While the Issuer is in compliance of regulatory requirements, no assurance can be 
made as to whether it will remain in compliance in the future. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the 
application of the existing regulatory requirements, standards or recommendations will not require the Issuer 
to issue additional securities that qualify as own funds or eligible liabilities, to maintain a greater proportion 
of its assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or 
to take any other actions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results 
of operations and/or financial position.
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulatory risk, or the risk of not being able to meet all of the 
applicable regulatory requirements and guidelines.
As a financial institution, the Issuer is subject to extensive regulation, inspections, examinations, inquiries, 
audits and other regulatory requirements by Chilean regulatory authorities, primarily the FMC, which 
materially affect the Issuer’s businesses. For example, the Issuer is required to have a minimum of 
UF800,000 of paid-in capital reserves and maintain regulatory capital of at least 8.0% of its risk-weighted

--- Page 43 ---
32
assets, net of required loan losses and paid-in capital and reserves of at least 3.0% of its total assets, net of 
required allowances, in each case as calculated in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP. In addition, the 
FMC may impose additional capital requirements on SIBs, such as the Issuer, from time to time. The Issuer 
is also subject to lending limits and must provide monthly reports on its loan portfolio to the FMC. The Issuer 
cannot assure you that it will be able to meet all of the applicable regulatory requirements and guidelines, or 
that it will not be subject to sanctions, fines, restrictions on its business or other penalties in the future as a 
result of noncompliance. If higher capital requirements, sanctions, fines, restrictions on the Issuer’s business 
or other penalties are imposed on the Issuer for failure to comply with applicable requirements, guidelines or 
regulations, the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and the Issuer’s reputation and 
ability to engage in business may be materially and adversely affected.
In August 2021, Law No. 21,365 was enacted, regulating interchange fees in the credit card payment market 
in Chile. An autonomous and technical committee was formed to determine the interchange fee limits, 
conformed by four members designated by the Central Bank, the FMC, the National Economic Prosecutor 
(Fiscalía Nacional Económica) and the Ministry of Finance. This committee had six months to announce the 
first transitory limits. Interchange fee limits will be determined every three years. On February 5, 2022, the 
committee announced the new limits for interchange fees with a maximum fee of 0.6% for debit cards, 
1.48% for credit cards and 1.04% for prepaid cards. The Issuer’s initial estimate of the impact of this 
regulation is a decrease of approximately Ch$30 billion per year in card fees.
In addition, Congress is currently discussing a bill that would introduce certain debtor rights, limiting interest 
rates, accelerating clauses and commissions. If enacted as currently proposed, this legislation may 
negatively affect the Issuer’s interest rate income and fees, which in turn could have a material adverse 
effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects. No assurances can be made as to whether 
this law will be enacted or, if enacted, as to the final provisions contained therein.
In their supervisory roles, the regulators seek to maintain the safety and soundness of financial institutions 
with the aim of strengthening the protection of customers and the financial system. The supervisors’ 
continuing supervision of financial institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the 
collection of information by way of prudential returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms 
and regular meetings with management to discuss issues such as performance, risk management and 
strategy. In general, these regulators have a more outcome-focused regulatory approach that involves more 
proactive enforcement and more punitive penalties for infringement. As a result, the Issuer faces increased 
supervisory scrutiny (resulting in increasing internal compliance costs and supervision fees), and in the 
event of a breach of the Issuer’s regulatory obligations, it is likely to face more stringent regulatory fines.
Changes in regulations may also cause the Issuer to face increased compliance costs and limitations on the 
Issuer’s ability to pursue certain business opportunities and provide certain products and services. As some 
of the banking laws and regulations have been recently adopted, the way those laws and related regulations 
are applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. Moreover, to the extent that regulations 
are implemented inconsistently in the various jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates, it may face higher 
compliance costs.
No assurance can be given generally that laws or regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a 
manner that will not have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and results of operations. 
Modifications to reserve requirements may affect the Issuer’s business.
Deposits are subject to a reserve requirement of 9.0% for demand deposits and 3.6% for time deposits (with 
terms of less than one year). The Central Bank has statutory authority to require banks to maintain reserves 
of up to an average of 40.0% for demand deposits and up to 20.0% for time deposits (irrespective, in each 
case, of the currency in which these deposits are denominated) to implement monetary policy. In addition, to 
the extent that the aggregate amount of the following types of liabilities exceeds 2.5 times the amount of a 
bank’s regulatory capital, a bank must maintain a 100% reserve against them: demand deposits, deposits in 
checking accounts, obligations payable on sight incurred in the ordinary course of business and, in general, 
all deposits unconditionally payable immediately. The General Banking Law also states that the FMC, with 
the approval from the Central Bank, may lower this threshold from 2.5 times to 1.5 times a bank’s regulatory 
capital for a bank considered to be a SIB. This could lead to lower loan growth and have a negative effect on 
the Issuer’s business.  As of December 31, 2021, the Central Bank required the Issuer to maintain an 
additional technical reserve of Ch$4,272,695 million, representing 15.2% of the Issuer’s demand deposits, 
due to the strong rise in demand deposits since the beginning of the pandemic.

--- Page 44 ---
33
The Issuer may not be able to detect or prevent money laundering and other financial crime 
activities fully or on a timely basis, which could expose the Issuer to additional liability and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.
The Issuer is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering (“AML”), anti-terrorism, anti-bribery 
and corruption, sanctions and other laws and regulations applicable to it. These laws and regulations require 
the Issuer, among other things, to conduct full customer due diligence (including sanctions and politically-
exposed person screening), keep the Issuer’s customer, account and transaction information up to date and 
have implemented financial crime policies and procedures detailing what is required from those responsible. 
The Issuer is also required to conduct AML training for its employees and to report suspicious transactions 
and activity to appropriate law enforcement following full investigation by the Issuer’s AML team. 
Financial crime has become the subject of enhanced regulatory scrutiny and supervision by regulators 
globally. AML, anti-bribery and corruption and sanctions laws and regulations are increasingly complex and 
detailed. The Basel Committee has introduced guidelines to strengthen the interaction and cooperation 
between prudential and AML/CFT supervisors. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires 
automated systems, sophisticated monitoring and skilled compliance personnel.
The Issuer maintains updated policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of the 
Issuer’s banking network for money laundering and other financial crime related activities. However, 
emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and innovative payment methods, could limit the Issuer’s 
ability to track the movement of funds. The Issuer’s ability to comply with the legal requirements depends on 
the Issuer’s ability to improve detection and reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes 
and oversight accountability. These require implementation and embedding within the Issuer’s business 
effective controls and monitoring, which in turn requires on-going changes to systems and operational 
activities. Financial crime is continually evolving and is subject to increasingly stringent regulatory oversight 
and focus. This requires proactive and adaptable responses from the Issuer so that the Issuer is able to 
deter threats and criminality effectively. Even known threats can never be fully eliminated, and there will be 
instances where the Issuer may be used by other parties to engage in money laundering and other illegal or 
improper activities. In addition, the Issuer relies heavily on its employees to assist the Issuer by spotting 
such activities and reporting them, and the Issuer’s employees have varying degrees of experience in 
recognizing criminal tactics and understanding the level of sophistication of criminal organizations. Where 
the Issuer outsources any of its customer due diligence, customer screening or anti financial crime 
operations, the Issuer remains responsible and accountable for full compliance and any breaches. If the 
Issuer is unable to apply the necessary scrutiny and oversight of third parties to whom the Issuer outsources 
certain tasks and processes, there remains a risk of regulatory breach.
If the Issuer is unable to comply fully with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, the Issuer’s 
regulators and relevant law enforcement agencies have the ability and authority to impose significant fines 
and other penalties on the Issuer, including requiring a complete review of the Issuer’s business systems, 
day-to-day supervision by external consultants and ultimately the revocation of the Issuer’s banking license.
The reputational damage to the Issuer’s business and global brand would be severe if the Issuer were found 
to have breached AML, anti-bribery and corruption or sanctions requirements. The Issuer’s reputation could 
also suffer if the Issuer is unable to protect the Issuer’s customers’ bank products and services from being 
used by criminals for illegal or improper purposes.
In addition, while the Issuer reviews its relevant counterparties’ internal policies and procedures with respect 
to such matters, the Issuer expects its relevant counterparties to maintain and properly apply their own 
appropriate compliance procedures and internal policies. Such measures, procedures and internal policies 
may not be completely effective in preventing third parties from using the Issuer’s (and the Issuer’s relevant 
counterparties’) services as a conduit for illicit purposes (including illegal cash operations) without the 
Issuer’s (and the Issuer’s relevant counterparties’) knowledge. If the Issuer is associated with, or even 
accused of being associated with, breaches of AML, anti-terrorism or sanctions requirements, the Issuer’s 
reputation could suffer and/or the Issuer could become subject to fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement 
(including being added to “watch lists” that would prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions with 
it), any one of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial 
condition and prospects.
Any such risks could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and 
prospects.

--- Page 45 ---
34
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight which 
could adversely affect its business, operations and financial condition.
As a financial institution, the Issuer is subject to extensive regulation, inspections, examinations, inquiries, 
audits and other regulatory requirements by Chilean regulatory authorities, which materially affect its 
businesses. The Issuer cannot assure you that the Issuer will be able to meet all of the applicable regulatory 
requirements and guidelines, or that the Issuer will not be subject to sanctions, fines, restrictions on its 
business or other penalties in the future as a result of noncompliance. If sanctions, fines, restrictions on the 
Issuer’s business, higher capital requirement or other penalties are imposed on the Issuer for failure to 
comply with applicable requirements, guidelines or regulations, its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and the Issuer’s reputation and ability to engage in business may be materially and adversely 
affected.
In their supervisory roles, the regulators seek to maintain the safety and soundness of financial institutions 
with the aim of strengthening the protection of customers and the financial system. The supervisors’ 
continuing supervision of financial institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the 
collection of information by way of prudential returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms 
and regular meetings with management to discuss issues such as performance, risk management and 
strategy. In general, these regulators have a more outcome-focused regulatory approach that involves more 
proactive enforcement and more punitive penalties for infringement. As a result, the Issuer faces increased 
supervisory scrutiny (resulting in increasing internal compliance costs and supervision fees), and in the 
event of a breach of its regulatory obligations the Issuer is likely to face more stringent regulatory fines.
Changes in regulations may also cause the Issuer to face increased compliance costs and limitations on its 
ability to pursue certain business opportunities and provide certain products and services. As some of the 
banking laws and regulations have been recently adopted, the manner in which those laws and related 
regulations are applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. Moreover, to the extent 
these recently adopted regulations are implemented inconsistently in the various jurisdictions in which the 
Issuer operates, the Issuer may face higher compliance costs. No assurance can be given generally that 
laws or regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business and results of operations.
The main regulations and regulatory and governmental oversight that can adversely impact the Issuer 
include but are not limited to the following. (See more details in “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. 
Business Overview—Regulation and Supervision.”)
The Issuer is subject to regulation by the FMC and by the Central Bank with regard to certain matters, 
including reserve requirements, interest rates, foreign exchange mismatches and market risks. Chilean laws, 
regulations, policies and interpretations of laws relating to the banking sector and financial institutions are 
continually evolving and changing. Any new reforms could result in increased competition in the industry and 
thus may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations.
Pursuant to the General Banking Law, all Chilean banks may, subject to the approval of the FMC, engage in 
certain businesses other than commercial banking depending on the risk associated with such business and 
their financial strength. Such additional businesses include securities brokerage, mutual fund management, 
securitization, insurance brokerage, leasing, factoring, financial advisory, custody and transportation of 
securities, loan collection and financial services. The General Banking Law also applies to the Chilean 
banking system a modified version of the capital adequacy guidelines issued by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Regulation and Supervisory Practices and limits the discretion of the FMC to deny new banking 
licenses. There can be no assurance that regulators will not in the future impose more restrictive limitations 
on the activities of banks, including the Issuer. Any such change could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition or results of operations.
Historically, Chilean banks have not paid interest on amounts deposited in checking accounts. The Issuer 
has begun to pay interest on some checking accounts under certain conditions. If competition or other 
factors lead the Issuer to pay higher interest rates on checking accounts, to relax the conditions under which 
the Issuer pays interest or to increase the number of checking accounts on which the Issuer pays interest, 
any such change could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition or results of 
operations.

--- Page 46 ---
35
The Issuer is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings.
The Issuer faces risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings, including tax proceedings, that could 
subject the Issuer to monetary judgments, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. The current 
regulatory and tax enforcement environment in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates reflects an 
increased supervisory focus on enforcement, combined with uncertainty about the evolution of the regulatory 
regime, and may lead to material operational and compliance costs.
The Issuer is from time to time subject to regulatory investigations and civil and tax claims and party to 
certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of the Issuer’s business, including among others in 
connection with conflicts of interest, lending and derivatives activities, relationships with the Issuer’s 
employees and other commercial, data protection or tax matters. In view of the inherent difficulty of 
predicting the outcome of legal matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate 
damages, or where the cases present novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in the 
early stages of investigation or discovery, the Issuer cannot state with certainty what the eventual outcome 
of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter 
may be.
The amount of the Issuer’s reserves in respect of these matters, which considers the likelihood of future 
cash flows associated with each such claims, is substantially less than the total amount of the claims 
asserted against the Issuer and in light of the uncertainties involved in such claims and proceedings, there is 
no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the reserves currently 
accrued by the Issuer. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter may be material to the Issuer’s 
operating results for a particular period. At December 31, 2021, the Issuer had provisions for legal 
contingencies of Ch$1,395 million.
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF CHILE
Political, legal, regulatory and economic uncertainty arising from social unrest and the resulting 
social reforms, as well as the enactment of Chile’s new constitution could adversely impact the 
Issuer’s business.
During October 2019, growing public concern over perceived social inequality led to a rise in social unrest. 
The social unrest caused commercial disruptions throughout the country, especially in Santiago and other 
major cities, including Valparaiso and Concepción. After three weeks of nationwide protests, the Chilean 
government announced in November 2019 that it would initiate a process to draft a new constitution for 
Chile.  When the government announced the process of enacting a new constitution, there was increased 
volatility in the Chilean stock market and exchange rate fluctuations that resulted in a weakening of the 
Chilean peso against the U.S. dollar. The share prices on local banks and bond spreads, including the 
Issuer, suffered significant declines in the market.
In November 2020, a referendum was held to vote on two matters: (i) whether a new constitution should be 
enacted and (ii) if so, whether a constituent convention should be composed of an elected mixed assembly 
of current Congress members and newly elected persons or entirely comprised of newly-elected citizens. 
This referendum resulted in ample support for convening a fully elected Constitutional Convention to draft 
Chile’s new constitution. Elections for the members of the Constitutional Convention were held on May 15 
and 16, 2021, with 41% of the elected members being independent, 24% from the traditional right-wing 
parties, 16% from the traditional center-left parties, and 18% from the traditional left parties. The Convention 
is made up of 50% women and men, and 17 seats were reserved for the indigenous population. In May 
2021 the convention began the process of drafting Chile’s new constitution. Each new article of the 
Constitution will have to be approved by two thirds of the convention, a rule that was ratified in September 
2021 by the convention itself. The Constitutional Convention has until June 2022 to complete the draft of the 
constitution. An exit referendum with compulsory participation will then be held to ratify the new constitution 
in September 2022.
The long-term effects of the new constitution are hard to predict, but could include slower economic growth, 
lower levels of investment in the economy, profound changes to Chile’s pension system and higher taxes, 
which could adversely affect the Issuer’s profitability and prospects.

--- Page 47 ---
36
The Issuer’s growth, asset quality and profitability may be adversely affected by macroeconomic 
and political conditions in Chile.
A substantial number of the Issuer’s loans are to borrowers doing business in Chile. Chile’s economy has 
experienced significant volatility in recent decades, characterized, in some cases, by slow or regressive growth, 
and declining investment. This volatility resulted in fluctuations in the levels of deposits and in the relative 
economic strength of various segments of the economies to which the Issuer lends. The Chilean economy 
may not continue to grow at similar rates as in the past or future developments may negatively affect Chile’s 
overall levels of economic activity.
Negative and fluctuating economic conditions, such as slowing or negative growth and a changing interest 
rate and inflationary environment, impact the Issuer’s profitability by causing lending margins to decrease and 
credit quality to decline and leading to decreased demand for higher margin products and services. Negative 
and fluctuating economic conditions in Chile could also result in government defaults on public debt. This 
could affect the Issuer in two ways: directly, through portfolio losses, and indirectly, through instabilities that a 
default in public debt could cause to the banking system as a whole, particularly since commercial banks’ 
exposure to government debt is high in Chile.
The Issuer’s revenues are also subject to risk of loss from unfavorable political and diplomatic developments, 
social instability, international conflicts, and changes in governmental policies, including expropriation, 
nationalization, international ownership legislation, interest-rate caps and tax policies. 
Any future fluctuation in oil prices may give rise to volatility in the global financial markets and further economic 
instability in oil-dependent regions, such as Chile. In addition, the ability of borrowers in or exposed to the oil 
sector has been and may be further adversely affected by such price fluctuations.
The Issuer’s growth, asset quality and profitability may be adversely affected by volatile macroeconomic and 
political conditions in Chile.
Any material change to United States trade policy with respect to Chile could have a material adverse effect 
on the economy, which could in turn materially harm the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations.
Portions of the Issuer’s loan portfolio are subject to risks relating to force majeure events and any 
such event could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s operating results.
Chile lies on the Nazca tectonic plate, making it one of the world’s most seismically active regions. The Issuer’s 
financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by force majeure events, such as natural 
disasters, particularly in locations where a significant portion of the Issuer’s loan portfolio is composed of real 
estate loans. Natural disasters such as earthquakes and floods may cause widespread damage which could 
impair the asset quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio and could have an adverse impact on the economy of the 
affected region. 
Changes in taxes, including the corporate tax rate, in Chile may have an adverse effect on the Issuer 
and the Issuer’s clients. 
The Chilean Government enacted various tax reforms in 2014, 2016 and 2020 in order to finance greater 
social expenditures. The most relevant change was the rise of the corporate tax rate to 27% in 2018. There 
is currently discussion of another tax reform to finance the growing deficit.  In January 2022, Congress 
began discussing a proposal to raise funds for the guaranteed universal pension to be funded by means of a 
high equity tax for individuals.
The Issuer cannot predict at this time if these reforms will have a material impact on its business or clients or 
if further tax reforms will be implemented in the future. Banco Santander-Chile’s effective corporate tax rate 
could rise in the future, which may have an adverse impact on its results of operations. 
Developments in other countries may affect the Issuer, including the prices for the Issuer’s 
securities.
The prices of securities issued by Chilean companies, including banks, are influenced to varying degrees by 
economic and market considerations in other countries. The Issuer cannot assure you that future 
developments in or affecting the Chilean economy, including consequences of economic difficulties in other

--- Page 48 ---
37
markets, will not materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
The Issuer is exposed to risks related to the weakness and volatility of the economic and political situation in 
Asia, the United States, Europe (including Spain, where Santander Spain, the Issuer’s controlling shareholder, 
is based), Brazil, Argentina and other nations.  Although economic conditions in Europe and the United States 
may differ significantly from economic conditions in Chile, investors’ reactions to developments in these other 
countries may have an adverse effect on the market value of securities of Chilean issuers. In particular, 
investor perceptions of the risks associated with the Issuer’s securities may be affected by perception of risk 
conditions in Spain.  
If these, or other nations’ economic conditions deteriorate, the economy in Chile, as both a neighboring country 
and a trading partner, could also be affected and could experience slower growth than in recent years, with 
possible adverse impact on the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties. If this were to occur, the Issuer would 
potentially need to increase its allowances for loan losses, thus affecting the Issuer’s financial results, the 
Issuer’s results of operations and the price of the Issuer’s securities. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer’s 
foreign exposure, including counterparty risk in the derivative instruments’ portfolio, was U.S.$4,291 million or 
5.4% of the Issuer’s total assets. There can be no assurance that the effects of the 2008 financial crisis will 
not negatively impact growth, consumption, unemployment, investment and the price of exports in Chile. 
Crises and political uncertainties in other Latin American countries could also have an adverse effect on Chile, 
the price of the Issuer’s securities or the Issuer’s business.
Chile has considerable economic ties with China, the United States and Europe. In 2021, approximately 38.2% 
of Chile’s exports went to China, mainly copper. China’s economy has grown at a strong pace in recent times, 
but a slowdown in economic activity in China may affect Chile’s GDP and export growth as well as the price 
of copper, which is Chile’s main export. Chile exported approximately 15.9% of total exports to the United 
States and 11.7% to Europe in 2021.
Chile was recently involved in international litigation with Bolivia regarding maritime borders. The Issuer cannot 
assure you that crises and political uncertainty in other Latin American countries will not have an adverse 
effect on Chile, the price of the Issuer’s securities or the Issuer’s business.
A change in labor laws in Chile or a worsening of labor relations in the Issuer could impact the 
Issuer’s business.
As of December 31, 2021, on a consolidated basis, the Issuer had 9,988 employees, of which 73.2% were 
unionized. In February 2021, a new collective bargaining agreement was signed with the main unions, which 
became effective as of September 1, 2021 and expires on December 31, 2024.  The Issuer generally applies 
the terms of its collective bargaining agreement to unionized and non-unionized employees. The issuer has 
traditionally had good relations with its employees and their unions, but it cannot assure you that in the future, 
a strengthening of cross-industry labor movements will not materially and adversely affect its business, 
financial condition or results of operations.
There is currently a new labor reform being discussed in Congress, which, among other items, shortens the 
work week from 45 hours to 40 hours, excluding the lunch break. There is also discussion to increase 
minimum wage currently set at Ch$337,000/month (U.S.$394/month). At the Issuer, the weekly working 
hours agreed under the collective bargaining agreement are 40 hours, excluding lunch, and its minimum 
wage is set above the legal minimum. Despite this, the Issuer cannot assure at this time that the new labor 
reform will not have material impact on its expenses.
In addition, a bill is currently being discussed in Congress to modify the terms of the “gratificación legal,” 
which consists of an annual participation to employees of a company’s profit. The new bill being discussed 
seeks to modify the Labor Code regarding the participation of workers in the profits of companies. The new 
bill proposes to modify the Labor Code to increase the gratificación legal distributed to employees and 
change the way it is calculated. No assurances can be made as to whether the proposed bill will be 
approved and as to whether, if approved, it will have a material impact on the Issuer’s financial condition.
These and any additional legislative or regulatory actions in Chile, Spain, the European Union, the United 
States or other countries, and any required changes to the Issuer’s business operations resulting from such 
legislation and regulations, could result in reduced capital availability, significant loss of revenue, limit the 
Issuer’s ability to continue organic growth (including increased lending), pursue business opportunities in 
which the Issuer might otherwise consider engaging and provide certain products and services, affect the

--- Page 49 ---
38
value of assets that the Issuer holds, require the Issuer to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand 
for its products, impose additional costs on the Issuer or otherwise adversely affect its businesses. 
Accordingly, the Issuer cannot provide assurance that any such new legislation or regulations would not have 
an adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition in the future.
The Issuer’s corporate disclosure may differ from disclosure regularly published by issuers of 
securities in other countries, including the United States. 
Issuers of securities in Chile are required to make public disclosures that are different from, and that may be 
reported under presentations that are not consistent with, disclosures required in other countries, including 
the United States. In particular, as a Chilean regulated financial institution, the Issuer is required to submit to 
the FMC on a monthly basis unaudited consolidated balance sheets and income statements, excluding any 
note disclosure, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP as issued by the FMC. This disclosure 
differs in a number of significant respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States 
and information generally available in the United States with respect to U.S. financial institutions or IFRS. In 
addition, as a foreign private issuer, the Issuer is not subject to the same disclosure requirements in the United 
States as a domestic U.S. registrant under the Exchange Act, including the requirements to prepare and issue 
quarterly reports, the proxy rules applicable to domestic U.S. registrants under Section 14 of the Exchange 
Act or the insider reporting and short-swing profit rules under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, 
the information about the Issuer available to you will not be the same as the information available to 
shareholders of a U.S. company and may be reported in a manner that you are not familiar with. 
Investors may find it difficult to enforce civil liabilities against the Issuer or the Issuer’s directors, 
officers and controlling persons.
The Issuer is a Chilean corporation. None of the Issuer’s directors are residents of the United States and most 
of the Issuer’s executive officers reside outside of the United States. In addition, all or a substantial portion of 
the Issuer’s assets and the assets of the Issuer’s directors and executive officers are located outside of the 
United States. Although the Issuer has appointed an agent for service of process in any action against the 
Issuer in the United States with respect to the Issuer’s Notes, none of the Issuer’s directors, officers or 
controlling persons has consented to service of process in the United States or to the jurisdiction of any United 
States court.  As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States 
on such persons. 
It may also be difficult for holders of the Notes to enforce in the United States or in Chilean courts money 
judgments obtained in United States courts against the Issuer or the Issuer’s directors and executive officers 
based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. If a U.S. court grants a final money 
judgment in an action based on the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States, 
enforceability of this money judgment in Chile will be subject to the obtaining of the relevant “exequatur” (i.e., 
recognition and enforcement of the foreign judgment) according to Chilean civil procedure law currently in 
force, and consequently, subject to the satisfaction of certain factors. The most important of these factors are 
the existence of reciprocity, the absence of a conflicting judgment by a Chilean court relating to the same 
parties and arising from the same facts and circumstances and the Chilean courts’ determination that the U.S. 
courts had jurisdiction, that process was appropriately served on the defendant and that enforcement would 
not violate Chilean public policy. Failure to satisfy any of such requirements may result in non-enforcement of 
your rights.
RISK FACTORS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES GENERALLY
There is no trading market for the Notes; you may be unable to sell your Notes if a trading market for 
the Notes does not develop.
Each Series of Notes will constitute a new issue of securities with no established trading market. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Program to be admitted to the Official List and 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer cannot assure you that an active trading market 
for the Notes will develop. If a trading market does not develop or is not maintained, holders of the Notes may 
experience difficulty in reselling the Notes or may be unable to sell them at all. Even if a market develops, the 
liquidity of any market for the Notes will depend on the number of holders of the Notes, the interest of securities 
dealers in making a market in the Notes and other factors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any market for the Notes, the ability of holders to sell the Notes or the prices at

--- Page 50 ---
39
which the Notes could be sold.  Because the market for any Series of Notes may not be liquid, you may have 
to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. If an active trading 
market does not develop, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. If the Notes 
are traded, they may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending upon prevailing interest 
rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions, the Issuer’s performance and business 
prospects and other factors.
The market price of the Notes may be negatively affected by various factors, which could negatively 
impact the return on your investment in the Notes or result in your incurring a loss on your 
investment.
The market price of each Series of Notes may be negatively affected by various factors, such as changes of 
interest rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the supply 
and demand for the relevant type of Note. The market price of each Series of Notes may also be negatively 
affected by an increase in the Issuer’s credit spreads (i.e., the difference between yields on the Issuer’s debt 
and the yield of government bonds or swap rates of similar maturity). The Issuer’s credit spreads are mainly 
based on its perceived creditworthiness but also influenced by other factors such as general market trends as 
well as supply and demand for such Series of Notes.
The Notes are subject to exchange rate risk and exchange controls, which could negatively impact 
the return on your investment in the Notes or result in your incurring a loss on your investment. 
An investment in Notes that are denominated in, or the payment of which is to be or may be made in or related 
to the value of, a currency or composite currency other than the currency of the country in which the purchaser 
is a resident or the currency in which the purchaser conducts its business or activities (the “home currency”) 
entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar investment in a security denominated in the home 
currency. Such risks include the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between the home 
currency and the various foreign currencies (or composite currencies) after the issuance of such Note and the 
possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either the U.S. or foreign 
governments. Such risks generally depend on economic and political events over which each Issuer has no 
control. In recent years, rates of exchange between certain currencies have been highly volatile and such 
volatility may be expected to continue in the future. Fluctuations in any particular exchange rate that have 
occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations in such rate that may occur during 
the term of any Note. Depreciation of the currency in which a Note is denominated against the relevant home 
currency would result in a decrease in the effective yield of such Note below its coupon rate and, in certain 
circumstances, could result in a loss to the investor on a home currency basis. 
Foreign exchange rates can either be fixed by sovereign governments or float. Exchange rates of most 
economically developed nations are permitted to fluctuate in value relative to the U.S. dollar. National 
governments, however, rarely voluntarily allow their currencies to float freely in response to economic forces. 
Governments in fact use a variety of techniques, such as intervention by a country’s central bank or imposition 
of regulatory controls or taxes, to affect the exchange rate of their currencies. Governments may also issue a 
new currency to replace an existing currency, or alter the exchange rate or relative exchange characteristics 
by devaluation or revaluation of a currency. Thus, a special risk in purchasing non-home currency 
denominated Notes is that their home currency-equivalent yields could be affected by governmental actions, 
which could change or interfere with theretofore freely determined currency valuation, fluctuations in response 
to other market forces, and the movement of currencies across borders. There will be no adjustment or change 
in the terms of such Notes in the event that exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of any 
devaluation or revaluation or imposition of exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of 
other developments affecting the U.S. dollar or any applicable Specified Currency.
Governments have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange controls which could 
affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency at the time of payment of 
principal and of premium, if any, or interest, if any, on a Note. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, 
it is possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note not denominated in U.S. dollars would not be 
available at such Note’s maturity. In that event, the Issuer would make required payments in U.S. dollars on 
the basis of the market exchange rate on the date of such payment, or if such rate of exchange is not then 
available, on the basis of the market exchange rate as of the most recent practicable date. See “Special 
Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes—Payments on Foreign Currency Notes.”

--- Page 51 ---
40
Fixed Rate Notes issued by the Issuer are subject to interest rate risk, which could negatively affect 
the value of such Notes.
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. Should the market interest rates increase after the Fixed  
Rate Notes are issued, their value could decrease and you may have to sell the Notes for a price below their 
issue price. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, and the Issuer cannot assure you that such ratings will not be 
lowered, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agencies. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes to be issued 
under the Program. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The credit ratings 
of the Notes may change after issuance.  Such ratings are limited in scope, and do not address all material 
risks relating to an investment in the Notes, but rather reflect only the views of the rating agencies at the time 
the ratings are issued. An explanation of the significance of such ratings may be obtained from the rating 
agencies. The Issuer cannot assure you that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of 
time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in the 
judgment of such rating agencies, circumstances so warrant. Any lowering, suspension or withdrawal of such 
ratings may have an adverse effect on the market price and marketability of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. Any ratings assigned to Notes as at the date of this Base Prospectus are not indicative of future 
performance of the Issuer’s business or its future creditworthiness.
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes will be subordinated to certain statutory liabilities.
Under Chilean bankruptcy law, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are subordinated to certain statutory 
preferences.  In the event of the Issuer’s liquidation, such statutory preferences, including claims for salaries, 
wages, secured obligations, social security, taxes and court fees and expenses related thereto, will have 
preference over any other claims, including claims by any investor in respect of the Notes.
Changes in Chilean tax laws could lead to the Issuer redeeming the Notes.
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes made by the Issuer to foreign holders will be subject to Chilean 
interest withholding tax currently assessed at a rate of 4.0%. Subject to certain exemptions, the Issuer will pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in “Description of the Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts”) so that the 
amount received by the holder after Chilean withholding tax will equal the amount that would have been 
received if no such taxes had been applicable. The Notes can be redeemable at the Issuer’s option, subject 
to applicable Chilean law, in whole but not in part, at any time, at the principal amount thereof plus accrued 
and unpaid interest and any Additional Amounts due thereon if, as a result of changes in the laws or regulations 
affecting Chilean taxation, the Issuer becomes obligated to pay Additional Amounts on the Notes based on a 
rate of withholding or deduction in excess of 4.0%. The Issuer cannot assure you that an increase in 
withholding tax rate will not be presented to or enacted by the Chilean Congress. See “Description of the 
Notes—Redemption Prior to Maturity Solely for Taxation Reasons” and “Taxation—Chilean Taxation.”
The Notes are subject to certain transfer restrictions that may limit their liquidity. 
The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the Notes may be transferred or resold only in a 
transaction registered under or exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
compliance with any other applicable securities law, which could limit your ability to sell the Notes. See 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”
Holders of Notes may find it difficult to enforce civil liabilities against the Issuer or its directors, 
executive officers and controlling persons.
The Issuer is organized under the Chilean General Banking Act (Ley General de Bancos) and other applicable 
laws of Chile, and its principal place of business (domicilio social) is in Santiago, Chile. None of its directors

--- Page 52 ---
41
are residents of the United States, and most of its executive officers and controlling persons reside outside of 
the United States.
In addition, all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and its directors, executive officers and 
controlling persons are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for holders of Notes 
to effect service of process within the United States on such persons or to enforce judgments against them, 
including in any action based on civil liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws. Based on the opinion of 
the Issuer’s Chilean counsel, there is doubt as to the enforceability against such persons in Chile, whether in 
original actions or in actions to enforce judgments of U.S. courts, of liabilities based solely on the U.S. federal 
securities laws. See “Service of Process and Enforcement of Civil Liabilities.”
The Issuer or other intermediaries may be required to withhold U.S. tax on payments made to certain 
non-U.S. financial institutions on certain Notes.
Provisions of U.S. tax law commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, 
impose a 30% withholding tax on certain payments made to a foreign financial institution (such as the Issuer) 
unless the financial institution is a “participating foreign financial institution,” or a PFFI, or otherwise exempt 
from FATCA. A PFFI is a foreign financial institution that has entered into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury 
Department, or an FFI agreement, pursuant to which it agrees to perform specified due diligence, reporting 
and withholding functions. Specifically, under its FFI agreement, a PFFI will be required to obtain and report 
to the IRS certain information with respect to financial accounts held by U.S. persons or U.S.-owned foreign 
entities and to withhold 30% from “foreign passthru payments” (which term is not yet defined) that it makes to 
“recalcitrant” accountholders or to foreign financial institutions that are not PFFIs or otherwise exempt from 
FATCA. No such withholding would apply to any payments made on debt obligations that are issued before 
(and not materially modified after) the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
the term “foreign passthru payments” are published. In addition, under recently proposed regulations (the 
preamble to which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending finalization), no such 
withholding would apply to any foreign passthru payments before the date that is two years after the date on 
which the final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment" are adopted. The United States and 
Chile have entered into an intergovernmental agreement to facilitate the implementation of FATCA pursuant 
to which Chilean financial institutions (such as the Issuer) will be directed by Chilean authorities to register 
with the IRS and fulfill obligations consistent with those required under an FFI agreement. The Issuer has 
registered with the IRS to become a PFFI. The United States has also entered into intergovernmental 
agreements with other jurisdictions. These intergovernmental agreements (including the intergovernmental 
agreement with Chile) do not address how the United States and the relevant jurisdictions (including Chile) 
will address “foreign passthru payments” or whether withholding on such payments will be required by financial 
institutions that are subject to a FATCA intergovernmental agreement.
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Program. Some Notes are complex financial instruments and 
such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the relevant Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes 
and the impact such investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Certain Notes 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common such features:
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer may have a limited market value.
Notes with an optional redemption are likely to have a limited market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 53 ---
42
Variable Rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor may be subject to volatility.
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features.
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other benchmarks may no longer be quoted or may be discontinued (and, in the 
case of certain LIBOR tenors, have already been discontinued), which could have an adverse effect 
on the value of LIBOR Notes, EURIBOR Notes and other Floating Rate Notes and on your ability to sell 
the Notes. 
In accordance with announcements by the FCA, which regulates LIBOR publication, and ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited, which administers LIBOR publication, the publication of most non-U.S. dollar LIBOR 
rates ceased as of the end of December 2021. Furthermore, while certain U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors are 
expected to continue to be published until June 30, 2023, U.S. regulators and the FCA have published 
guidance instructing banks to cease entering into new contracts referencing US. dollar LIBOR no later than 
December 31, 2021, with limited exceptions. These announcements, in conjunction with financial benchmark 
reforms more generally and changes in the interbank lending markets, have resulted in uncertainty about the 
future of LIBOR and certain other rates or indices which are used as interest rate “benchmarks.” These actions 
and uncertainties may have the effect of triggering future changes in the rules or methodologies used to 
calculate benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of benchmarks. If LIBOR, EURIBOR or 
another benchmark that the Issuer uses as the interest rate for Floating Rate Notes is no longer quoted or is 
discontinued, the interest rate for any such Notes will be calculated using an alternative method. See 
“Description of the Notes—Interest and Interest Rates.” Any of these alternative methods may result in interest 
payments on the notes that are higher than, lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
interest payments that would have been made on the Notes if the applicable benchmark was available in its 
current form. Further, the same reforms, actions, costs and/or risks that may lead to the discontinuation or 
unavailability of LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark may make one or more of the alternative methods 
impossible or impracticable to determine. Any of the foregoing may have an adverse effect on the value of, 
return on and trading market for any Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer that are based on LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or another benchmark.  
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect holders of SOFR Notes.
Holders of SOFR Notes are exposed to the risk that such rate may not be widely accepted in the market. 
The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact that SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar 
derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to LIBOR in part because it is considered to be a 
good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as 
a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit 
risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This 
may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all 
of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation 
of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any 
failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely affect the return, value of and market 
for SOFR Notes.
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR, and 
SOFR is not expected to be a comparable substitute, successor or replacement for U.S. dollar 
LIBOR.
Although the ARRC announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to the U.S. dollar LIBOR the 
composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR. SOFR is a broad 
treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions and is not the economic 
equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR. While SOFR is a secured rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate. 
And, while SOFR currently is an overnight rate only, U.S. dollar LIBOR is a forward-looking rate that 
represents interbank funding for a specified term. As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will 
perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR would have performed at any time, including, without 
limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, bank credit risk, market volatility or 
global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For the same reasons, 
SOFR is not expected to be a comparable substitute, successor or replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR.

--- Page 54 ---
43
The secondary trading market for floating rate securities with rates based on SOFR may be limited.
If SOFR does not prove to be widely used as a benchmark in securities that are similar or comparable to 
SOFR Notes, the trading price of such Notes may be lower than those of debt securities with interest rates 
that are based on rates that are more widely used. Similarly, market terms for debt securities with rates that 
are based on SOFR, including, but not limited to, the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest 
rate provisions or manner of compounding the reference rate (if applicable), may evolve over time, and as a 
result, trading prices of any SOFR Notes may be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are 
based on SOFR. Investors in any such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell them at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
SOFR has a limited history, and the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on 
historical performance.
The publication of SOFR began in April 2018, and, therefore, it has a limited history. In addition, the future 
performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance.  Future levels of 
SOFR may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative SOFR data. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behavior of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, may 
change in the future.  While some pre-publication historical data has been released by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (the “FRBNY”), production of such historical indicative SOFR data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations.  No future performance of SOFR may be inferred from any of 
the historical actual or historical indicative SOFR data.  Hypothetical or historical performance data are not 
indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR.
SOFR may be more volatile than other benchmark or market rates.
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than 
daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as USD LIBOR, during corresponding periods.  In 
addition, although changes in Term SOFR, Compounded Daily SOFR and weighted average daily SOFR 
generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in SOFR on a daily basis, the return on, value of and 
market for the SOFR Notes may fluctuate more than floating-rate debt securities with rates of interest based 
on less volatile rates.
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as reference rate for floating rate securities.
Where the relevant Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the rate of interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR, the rate of interest will be determined by reference 
to Compounded Daily SOFR (including on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website). In each case such rate will differ from the relevant LIBOR or EURIBOR rate in a 
number of material respects, including (without limitation) that a compounded daily rate or weighted 
average rate is a backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rate, and a single daily rate is a risk-free overnight 
non-term rate, whereas LIBOR and EURIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, 
EURIBOR and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under 
the Program.
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as reference rates in the capital markets and their 
adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including term SOFR reference 
rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a 
designated term). The development of SOFR as interest reference rates, as well as continued 
development of SOFR based rates and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SOFR Notes.
The use of SOFR as reference rates continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation 
and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing SOFR. Publication of such reference rates has a limited history. The future performance of 
SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of SOFR 
during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed

--- Page 55 ---
44
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR such as correlations, may 
change in the future.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Final Terms as applicable to any SOFR Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or 
application of SOFR reference rates may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 
SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Notes referencing any such rate.
Furthermore, the rate of interest on SOFR Notes is only capable of being determined immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate reliably the amount of 
interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of any 
SOFR Notes. 
To the extent the SOFR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the interest rate on 
SOFR Notes will be determined using the fallback provisions set out in the Final Terms which apply 
specifically to Notes referencing SOFR and are distinct to those applying to other types of Notes. Any of 
these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payments that would have been made on such SOFR Notes if the relevant SOFR rate 
had been so published in its current form. In addition, use of the fallback provisions may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate of interest to such SOFR Notes.
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR.
The FRBNY (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR 
(in which case the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on SOFR Notes will apply). The 
administrators have no obligation to consider the interests of holders of Notes when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR.
In the event of a SOFR Transition Event, there is no guarantee that any SOFR Replacement will be a 
comparable substitute for SOFR.
If the calculation agent or the Issuer determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, then the interest rate on any SOFR Notes will no 
longer be determined by reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined by reference to a different rate, 
which will be a different benchmark than SOFR, plus a spread adjustment, which is referred to as a “SOFR 
Replacement,” as further described under “Description of the Notes—Interest and Interest Rates—Floating 
Rate Notes—Types of Floating Rate Notes—SOFR Notes—SOFR Replacement Provisions” below.
If a particular SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment cannot be determined, then the next-
available SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment will apply.  These replacement rates and 
adjustments may be selected, recommended or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as 
the ARRC), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent, an agent 
appointed by the calculation agent to determine any SOFR Replacement.  In addition, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent may make SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to, among 
other things, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each Interest Payment 
Period and making payments of interest and other administrative matters.  The determination of a SOFR 
Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate by reference to a SOFR Replacement (including the 
application of a SOFR Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming 
Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of any 
SOFR Notes in connection with a SOFR Transition Event could adversely affect the return on, value of and 
market for such SOFR Notes.
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the relevant party’s sole discretion.

--- Page 56 ---
45
In addition, (i) the composition and characteristics of the SOFR Replacement will not be the same as those 
of SOFR, the SOFR Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of SOFR, there can be no assurance 
that the SOFR Replacement will perform in the same way as SOFR would have at any time and there is no 
guarantee that the SOFR Replacement will be a comparable substitute for SOFR (each of which means that 
a SOFR Transition Event could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for SOFR Notes), (ii) any 
failure of the SOFR Replacement to gain market acceptance could adversely affect any SOFR Notes, (iii) 
the SOFR Replacement may have a very limited history and the future performance of the SOFR 
Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for 
Notes linked to the Benchmark Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the SOFR 
Replacement may make changes that could change the value of the SOFR Replacement or discontinue the 
SOFR Replacement and has no obligation to consider an investor’s interests in doing so.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes may be subject to increased price volatility. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be subject to conversion at the election of the Issuer, which may 
affect the value of the Notes.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favorable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount may be subject to increased price volatility. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount from their principal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities.
Holders of Bearer Notes may have unfavorable tax consequences. 
Any potential investor should consult its own independent tax adviser for more information about the tax 
consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Bearer Notes in its particular circumstances. See 
“Taxation.” Bearer Notes generally may not be offered or sold in the United States or to United States persons. 
Unless an exemption applies, a United States person holding a Bearer Note or coupon will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on the Bearer Note or coupon and must treat as ordinary income any gain realized on the 
sale or other taxable disposition of the Bearer Note or coupon.
GENERAL RISK FACTORS
Disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all errors or 
acts of fraud. 
Disclosure controls and procedures, including internal controls, over financial reporting are designed to 
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the company in reports filed or 
submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, 
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms.
These disclosure controls and procedures have inherent limitations, which include the possibility  that 
judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of errors or mistakes.

--- Page 57 ---
46
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by any unauthorized override of the controls. Consequently, the 
Issuer’s businesses are exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies, employee misconduct 
or negligence and fraud, which could result in regulatory sanctions, civil claims and serious reputational or 
financial harm. In recent years, a number of multinational financial institutions have suffered material losses 
due to the actions of ‘rogue traders’ or other employees. It is not always possible to deter employee 
misconduct and the precautions the Issuer takes to prevent and detect this activity may not always be 
effective. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in the control system, misstatements due to error 
or fraud may occur and not be detected.
The Issuer’s financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if 
inaccurate, could cause material misstatement of the results of the Issuer’s operations and financial 
position.
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Due to the 
inherent uncertainty in making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be based upon 
amounts which differ from those estimates. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are continually 
evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events 
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected. The accounting 
policies deemed critical to the Issuer’s results and financial position, based upon materiality and significant 
judgments and estimates, include impairment of loans and advances of good will impairment, valuation of 
financial instruments, deferred tax assets provisions and pension obligations for liabilities. 
If the judgment, estimates and assumptions the Issuer uses in preparing its consolidated financial 
statements are subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material effect on the Issuer’s results of 
operations and a corresponding effect on the Issuer’s funding requirements and capital ratios.
Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings.
The accounting standard setters and other regulatory bodies periodically change the financial accounting 
and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements. For 
example, the Issuer adopted IFRS 16 as of January 1, 2019, requiring new standards for recognition, 
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. This led to approximately Ch$154,284 million of assets 
for the right of use and lease liabilities for the same amount as of the date of adoption of IFRS 16. Changes 
made to accounting standards can materially impact how the Issuer records and reports its financial 
condition and results of operations, as well as affect the calculation of the Issuer’s capital ratios. In some 
cases, the Issuer could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the 
restatement of prior period financial statements. Various amendments were made to financial and 
accounting standards in 2020 and 2021 for implementation in future periods without an impact in 2021. The 
Issuer’s management is still evaluating the potential impact of these new standards. For further information 
about developments in financial accounting and reporting standards, see Note 1 to the Issuer’s Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Issuer relies on recruiting, retaining and developing appropriate senior management and skilled 
personnel. 
The Issuer’s continued success depends in part on the continued service of key members of its senior 
executive team and other key employees. The ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly 
qualified and talented professionals is a key element of the Issuer’s strategy. The successful implementation 
of the Issuer’s strategy and culture depends on the availability of skilled and appropriate management, both 
at the Issuer’s head office and at each of the Issuer’s business units.  If the Issuer or one of the Issuer’s 
business units or other functions fails to staff its operations appropriately or loses one or more of its key 
senior executives or other key employees and fails to replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations, including control and operational risks, may 
be adversely affected.
The Issuer’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees is affected by perceptions of its culture and 
management, its profile in the markets in which it operates and the professional opportunities it offers.
In addition, the financial industry has and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of employee 
compensation, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to hire or retain the most qualified

--- Page 58 ---
47
employees. If the Issuer fails or is unable to attract and appropriately train, motivate and retain qualified 
professionals, the Issuer’s business may also be adversely affected. 
The Issuer’s business could be affected if its capital is not managed effectively or if changes limiting 
its ability to manage its capital position are adopted.
Effective management of the Issuer’s capital position is important to the Issuer’s ability to operate its 
business, to continue to grow organically and to pursue its business strategy. However, in response to the 
global financial crisis, a number of changes to the regulatory capital framework have been adopted. As 
these and other changes are implemented or future changes are considered or adopted that limit the 
Issuer’s ability to manage its balance sheet and capital resources effectively or to access funding on 
commercially acceptable terms, the Issuer may experience a material adverse effect on its financial 
condition and regulatory capital position.
The Issuer is subject to review by tax authorities, and an incorrect interpretation by the Issuer of tax 
laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on it. 
The preparation of the Issuer’s tax returns requires the use of estimates and interpretations of complex tax 
laws and regulations and is subject to review by tax authorities. 
The Issuer is subject to the income tax laws of Chile and certain foreign countries. These tax laws are 
complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and relevant governmental tax authorities, 
which are sometimes subject to prolonged evaluation periods until a final resolution is reached. In 
establishing a provision for income tax expense and filing returns, the Issuer must make judgments and 
interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. 
If the judgment, estimates and assumptions the Issuer uses in preparing its tax returns are subsequently 
found to be incorrect, there could be a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations. In some 
jurisdictions, the interpretations of the tax authorities are unpredictable and frequently involve litigation, 
which introduces further uncertainty and risk as to tax expense.
The Issuer engages in transactions with related parties that others may not consider to be on an 
arm’s-length basis.
The Issuer and its affiliates have entered into a number of services agreements pursuant to which the Issuer 
renders services, such as administrative, accounting, finance, treasury, legal services and others.
Chilean law applicable to public companies and financial groups and institutions and the Issuer’s by-laws 
provide for several procedures designed to ensure that the transactions entered into with or among the 
Issuer’s financial subsidiaries and/or affiliates do not deviate from prevailing market conditions for those 
types of transactions, including the requirement that the Issuer’s board of directors approve such 
transactions. Furthermore, all significant related party transactions must be approved by the Audit 
Committee and the Board. These significant transactions are also reported in the Issuer’s annual 
shareholders meeting. Please see Note 35 of the Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and 
“Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions.”  
The Issuer is likely to continue to engage in transactions with the Issuer’s affiliates. Future conflicts of 
interest between the Issuer and any of its affiliates, or among the Issuer’s affiliates, may arise, which 
conflicts are not required to be and may not be resolved in the Issuer’s favor.

--- Page 59 ---
48
BANCO SANTANDER-CHILE
History and Development of the Issuer
Overview
The Issuer is organized under the Chilean General Banking Act (Ley General de Bancos) and other applicable 
laws of Chile, and is the largest bank in the Chilean market in terms of loans (excluding loans held by 
subsidiaries of Chilean banks abroad) and the second largest bank in terms of total deposits (excluding 
deposits held by subsidiaries of Chilean banks abroad). As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer had total assets 
of Ch$63,841,950 million (U.S.$74,714 million), outstanding loans at amortized cost, net of allowances for 
loan losses of Ch$35,477,628 million (U.S.$41,520 million), total deposits of Ch$28,031,993 million 
(U.S.$32,806 million) and shareholders’ equity of Ch$4,333,213 million (U.S.$5,071 million). As of December 
31, 2021, the Issuer employed 9,988 people. The Issuer has a leading presence in all the major business 
segments in Chile, and a large distribution network with national coverage spanning across all the country. 
The Issuer offers unique transaction capabilities to clients through its 326 branches and 1,338 ATMs. The 
Issuer’s headquarters are located in Santiago and it operates in every major region of Chile.
The Issuer provides a broad range of commercial and retail banking services to its customers, including 
Chilean peso and foreign currency denominated loans to finance a variety of commercial transactions, trade, 
foreign currency forward contracts and credit lines and a variety of retail banking services, including mortgage 
financing. The Issuer seeks to offer its customers a wide range of products while providing high levels of 
service. In addition to its traditional banking operations, the Issuer offers a variety of financial services, 
including financial leasing, financial advisory services, mutual fund management, securities brokerage, 
insurance brokerage and investment management.
The legal predecessor of Santander-Chile was Banco Santiago (“Santiago”). Old Santander-Chile was 
established as a subsidiary of Santander Spain in 1978. On August 1, 2002, Santiago and Old Santander 
Chile merged, whereby the latter ceased to exist and Santander-Chile (formerly known as Santiago) being the 
surviving entity.  The Issuer’s registration number is 037.  It operates as a bank under Resolution No. 118.
The Issuer’s principal executive offices are located at Bandera 140, 20th floor, Santiago, Chile. The Issuer’s 
telephone number is +562-320-2000 and its website is www.santander.cl. None of the information contained 
on the Issuer’s website is incorporated by reference into, or forms part of, this Base Prospectus. The Issuer’s 
agent for service of process in the United States is Puglisi & Associates, 850 Library Ave., Suite 204, Newark, 
DE  19711. 
Relationship with Grupo Santander
The Issuer believes that its relationship with its controlling shareholder, Santander Spain, offers the Issuer a 
significant competitive advantage over its peer Chilean banks. Grupo Santander, the Issuer’s parent company, 
is one of the largest financial groups in Brazil and the rest of Latin America, in terms of total assets measured 
on a regional basis. It is the largest financial group in Spain and is a major player elsewhere in Europe, 
including the United Kingdom, Poland and Portugal. Through Santander Consumer, it also operates a leading 
consumer finance franchise in the United States, as well as in Germany, Italy, Spain, and several other 
European countries.
The Issuer’s relationship with Santander Spain provides it with access to the group’s client base, while its 
multinational focus allows the Issuer to offer international solutions to the Issuer’s clients’ financial needs. The 
Issuer also has the benefit of selectively borrowing from Santander Spain’s product offerings in other countries, 
as well as of its know-how in systems management. The Issuer believes that the Issuer’s relationship with 
Santander Spain will also enhance the Issuer’s ability to manage credit and market risks by adopting policies 
and knowledge developed by Santander Spain. In addition, the Issuer’s internal auditing function has been 
strengthened as a result of the addition of an internal auditing department that concurrently reports directly to 
the Issuer’s Audit Committee and the audit committee of Santander Spain. The Issuer believes that this 
structure leads to improved monitoring and control of the Issuer’s exposure to operational risks. 
Grupo Santander’s support of Santander-Chile includes the assignment of managerial personnel to key 
supervisory areas of Santander-Chile, such as risks, auditing, accounting and financial control. Santander-
Chile does not pay any management fees to Santander Spain in connection with these support services.

--- Page 60 ---
49
Organizational Structure
Santander Spain controls Santander-Chile through its holdings in Teatinos Siglo XXI Inversiones S.A. and 
Santander Chile Holding S.A. which are controlled subsidiaries. Santander Spain control over 67.18% of the 
Issuer’s shares and actual participation when excluding non-controlling interests participating in Santander 
Chile Holding S.A. of 67.12%.
Shareholder
Number of Shares1
Percentage1
Santander Chile Holding S.A.................................
66,822,519,695
35.46%
Teatinos Siglo XXI Inversiones S.A.......................
59,770,481,573
31.72%
1 As of April 14, 2022
The remaining shareholders are diverse and have small holdings.
The capital stock of the Issuer is the amount of Ch$891,302,881,691, divided into 188,446,126,794 registered 
shares with no par value. As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer had 188,446,126,794 shares outstanding, no 
par value, all of which were fully paid.
Management Team
The chart below sets forth the names and areas of responsibility of the Issuer’s senior managers as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus.
Business Overview
As of December 31, 2021, the Issuer had 326 total branches, 220 of which were operated under the Santander 
brand name, with the remaining branches under certain specialty brand names, including 14 under the Select 
brand name, 7 specialized branches for the Middle Market and 22 as auxiliary and payment centers. During 
2021, the Issuer also opened 4 Santander Workcafés, reaching a total of 63 Workcafés across all regions of 
Chile. The Issuer provides a full range of financial services to corporate and individual customers. The Issuer 
divides its clients into the following groups: (i) Retail banking, (ii) Middle-market, (iii) Corporate Investment 
Banking and (iv) Corporate Activities (“Other”).
The Issuer has the reportable segments noted below. See “Segmentation Criteria” for further information.
Retail Banking
This segment consists of individuals and small to medium-sized entities (SMEs) with annual sales less than 
Ch$2,000 million (U.S.$2.3 million). This segment gives customers a variety of services, including consumer 
loans, credit cards, auto loans, commercial loans, foreign exchange, mortgage loans, debit cards, checking 
accounts, savings products, mutual funds, stock brokerage, and insurance brokerage. Additionally, the SME

--- Page 61 ---
50
clients are offered government-guaranteed loans, foreign trade services, leasing, factoring and transactional 
services.
Middle-market
This segment serves companies and large corporations with annual sales exceeding Ch$2,000 million 
(U.S.$2.3 million). It also serves institutions such as universities, government entities, local and regional 
governments and companies engaged in the real estate industry who carry out projects to sell properties to 
third parties and annual sales exceeding Ch$800 million (U.S.$0.9 million) with no upper limit. The companies 
within this segment have access to many products including commercial loans, leasing, factoring, foreign trade, 
credit cards, mortgage loans, checking accounts, transactional services, treasury services, financial consulting, 
savings products, mutual funds, and insurance brokerage. Also companies in the real estate industry are 
offered specialized services to finance projects, chiefly residential, with the aim of expanding sales of mortgage 
loans.
Corporate Investment Banking
This segment consists of foreign and domestic multinational companies with sales over Ch$10,000 million 
(U.S.$11.7 million). The companies within this segment have access to many products including commercial 
loans, leasing, factoring, foreign trade, project finance, credit cards, mortgage loans, checking accounts, 
transactional services, treasury services, financial consulting, investments, savings products, mutual funds 
and insurance brokerage.
This segment also consists of a Treasury Division which provides sophisticated financial products, mainly to 
companies in the Middle-market segment and Corporate Investment Banking.  These include products such 
as short-term financing and fund raising, brokerage services, foreign exchange services, derivatives, 
securitization and other tailor-made products. The Treasury Division may act as broker to transactions and 
manages the Issuer’s trading fixed income portfolio.
Corporate Activities (“Other”)
This segment mainly includes the Issuer’s Financial Management Division, which develops global 
management functions, including managing inflation rate risk, foreign currency gaps, interest rate risk and 
liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is managed mainly through wholesale deposits, debt issuances and the Issuer’s 
available-for-sale portfolio. This segment also manages capital allocation by unit. These activities, with the 
exception of the Issuer’s inflation gap, usually result in a negative contribution to income.
In addition, this segment encompasses all the intra-segment income and all the activities not assigned to a 
given segment or product with customers. The segments’ accounting policies are those described in the 
summary of accounting policies. The Issuer earns most of its income in the form of interest income, fee and 
commission income and income from financial operations.  To evaluate a segment’s financial performance 
and make decisions regarding the resources to be assigned to segments, the Chief Operating Decision Maker 
(CODM) bases his or her assessment on the segment's interest income, fee and commission income, and 
expenses.
The tables below show the Issuer’s results by reporting segment for the year ended December 31, 2021, in 
addition to the corresponding balances of loans and accounts receivable from customers:

--- Page 62 ---
51
For the year ended December 31, 2021
Loans and 
accounts 
receivable at 
amortized 
cost (1)
Demand 
deposits 
and time 
deposits
Net interest 
income
Net fee and 
commissio
n income
Financial 
transaction
s, net (2)
Expected 
credit 
losses
Support 
expenses 
(3)
Segment’s 
net 
contributio
n
(in millions of Ch$)
Retail Banking
25,784,719
14,779,739
1,044,730
262,265
33,455
(226,590)
(616,287)
497,573
Middle-market
8,511,500
6,232,188
334,768
43,903
11,133
(48,578)
(94,721)
246,505
Corporate 
Investment 
Banking......
2,154,325
6,010,150
97,817
33,256
111,504
(15,115)
(77,051)
150,411
Other ..............
78,518
1,009,916
334,036
(6,673)
(37,065)
(800)
(11,805)
277,693
Total ..............
36,529,062
28,031,993
1,811,351
332,751
119,027
(291,082)
(799,864)
1,172,183
Other 
operating 
income .......
10,391
Other 
operating 
expenses 
and 
impairment .
(107,819)
Income from 
investments 
in 
associates 
and other 
companies .
(663)
Income tax 
expense .....
(221,854)
Result of 
continuous 
operations 
852,428
Result of 
discontinued 
operations 
-
Net income 
for the 
year ...........
852,428
____________________
(1) Corresponds to loans and accounts receivable at amortized cost under IFRS 9, without deducting their 
allowances for loan losses.
 
(2) Corresponds to the sum of the net income from financial operations and the foreign exchange profit or 
loss.
 
(3) Corresponds to the sum of personnel salaries and expenses, administrative expenses, depreciation and 
amortization.
Directors
The Issuer is managed by its Board of Directors, which, in accordance with the Issuer’s by-laws, consists of 
nine directors and two alternates who are elected at the Issuer’s ordinary shareholders’ meetings. The current 
members of the Board of Directors were elected by the shareholders in the ordinary shareholders’ meeting 
held on April 30, 2020. Members of the Board of Directors are elected for three-year terms. The term of the 
current Board members expires in April of 2023. 
Cumulative voting is permitted for the election of directors. The Board of Directors may appoint replacements 
to fill any vacancies that occur during periods between elections. If any member of the Board of Directors 
resigns before his or her term has ended, and no other alternate director is available to take the position at 
the next annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting a new replacing member will be elected. The Issuer’s 
executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and hold office at its discretion. Scheduled meetings

--- Page 63 ---
52
of the Board of Directors are held monthly. Extraordinary meetings can be held when called in one of three 
ways: by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, by three directors with the consent of the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors or by the majority of directors. None of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors has 
a service contract which entitles any Director to any benefits upon termination of employment with Santander-
Chile.
The Issuer’s current directors as of the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows:
Directors
Position
Committees
Term 
Expires
Claudio Melandri Hinojosa
President
Asset and Liability Committee
Strategy Committee (President)
Market Committee
Remuneration Committee
Integral Risk Committee 
Management Appointment Committee
Apr-23
Rodrigo Vergara Montes
First Vice 
President
Market Committee
Audit Committee
Asset and Liability Committee 
(President)
Strategy Committee
Management Appointment Committee
Apr-23
Orlando Poblete Iturrate
Second Vice 
President
Remuneration Committee (President) 
Audit Committee (President)
Apr-23
Félix de Vicente Mingo
Director
Asset and Liability Committee
Audit Committee
Integral Risk Committee 
Strategy Committee
Apr-23
Alfonso Gómez Morales
Director
Integral Risk Committee (President)
Strategy Committee 
Remuneration Committee
Market Committee
Asset and Liability Committee
Apr-23
Ana Dorrego
Director
–
Apr-23
Rodrigo Echenique Gordillo
Director
–
Apr-23
Lucía Santa Cruz Sutil
Director
Strategy Committee
Analysis and Resolution Committee
Market Committee
Integral Risk Committee
Apr-23
Juan Pedro Santa Maria Perez
Director
Audit Committee (Secretary)
Analysis and Resolution Committee 
(President)
Integral Risk Committee 
Apr-23
Blanca Bustamante Bravo
Alternate 
Director
Integral Risk Committee
Strategy Committee 
Management Appointment Committee 
(President)
Apr-23
Oscar von Chrismar Carvajal
Alternate 
Director
Integral Risk Committee
Market Committee (President)
Strategy Committee
Asset and Liability Committee
Analysis and Resolution Committee
Apr-23

--- Page 64 ---
53
Claudio Melandri Hinojosa became the Executive Chairman on February 27, 2018 and is country head of 
Grupo Santander in Chile. He is also President of Santander Chile Holding S.A. and Vice President of 
Universia Chile S.A. He has more than 30 years of experience in the financial industry and was Chief 
Executive Officer of Santander Chile from January 2010 to March 2018. He started his career in Banco 
Concepción and joined Grupo Santander in 1990, where he has held various positions of responsibility, 
including Regional Manager, Manager of the branch network, Human Resources Manager and Manager of 
Commercial Banking. He was also a Vice President at Banco Santander Venezuela for three years in the 
commercial area of this country. Mr. Melandri has degrees in Business and Accounting and holds a Master 
of Business Administration from the Universidad Adolfo Ibañez.
Rodrigo Vergara became a director and First Vice President of the Board on July 12, 2018. He was 
President of the Central Bank of Chile between 2011 and 2016 and was a member of the Board of the 
Central Bank of Chile between 2009 and 2011. Mr. Vergara is an associate researcher at the Centre of 
Public Studies (CEP) and a research fellow at Harvard’s Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and 
Government (Kennedy School). He is a professor of Economics at Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile 
and an economic consultant and board member for various companies. He graduated with an Economics 
Degree from the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile in 1985 and earned a Doctorate Degree in 
Economics from Harvard University in 1991. Between 1985 and 1995, he worked at the Central Bank of 
Chile where he was promoted to Chief Economist in 1992. He has been an economic consultant for central 
banks and governments within Latin America, Eastern Europe, Asia and Africa. He has also been an 
external consultant for the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the Inter-American Development 
Bank and the United Nations. He has served, among others, as a member in the Presidential Work and 
Equity Commission, the Advisory Commission on the Free Trade Agreement between Chile and the US, the 
National Savings Commission, the Fiscal Rule Commission and the Covid Economic Plan Commission. Mr. 
Vergara is the author of numerous articles published in specialized journals and has edited several books. 
Orlando Poblete Iturrate is the Second Vice President and has served on the Board since April 22, 2014. 
Since 1991, Mr. Poblete has been a professor at the Universidad de los Andes. Between 1997 and 2004, he 
was Dean of the Law School at the Universidad de los Andes and until 2014 he served as Chancellor. He is 
also a partner at the law firm Orlando Poblete & Company. He is a member of the Counsel of the Arbitration 
and Mediation of Santiago of the Chamber of Commerce of Santiago. Previously, between 1979 and 1991, 
he was a professor of Procedural Law at the Universidad de Chile. Mr. Poblete is a lawyer from the 
University of Chile and has a Masters in Law from the same university. He is also a graduate of the Directive 
Management of Companies Program (PADE) of ESE Business School of the Universidad de los Andes.
Félix de Vicente Mingo became a director on March 27, 2018. He has a Business degree with a 
specialization in Economics from the Universidad de Chile. Between 2013 and 2014, he was Minister of 
Economy, Development and Tourism of Chile. Before this, he was a Trade Commissioner of ProChile, an 
institution of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs dedicated to promoting Chilean products abroad. His first position 
was in a fruit export company in the O’Higgins region of Chile and then Manager of Administration and 
Finance of Telemercados Europa, as well as being president and partner of various companies in Chile and 
abroad. 
Alfonso Gómez became a director on March 27, 2018. He has a Civil Engineering degree from the 
Universidad Católica de Chile, a Ph.D. of the Royal College of Art of London and he is an advisor to the 
Innovation Center UC Anacleto Angelini. He started his career in the Industrial and System Engineering 
Department of Universidad Católica de Chile. He was founder of various companies, such as Apple Chile, 
Unlimited and Virtualia, the first social network developed in Latin America. He has been a director of 
numerous companies and institutions such as the National Council of Culture and the Arts and Fundación 
País Digital, and the National Council of Innovation. He was Dean of the Faculty of Engineering and later 
Dean of the Business School of the Adolfo Ibáñez University.
Ana Dorrego became a director on March 15, 2015. She has been working at the Santander Group since 
2000, mainly in the Financial Planning and Corporate Development department, coordinating the Santander 
Group’s planning processes and following up on the different Santander Group units and projects. She was 
director of E-business development for the Santander Group and previously she was a corporate client 
relationship manager and commercial director of transactional banking at Bankinter. Ms. Dorrego holds a 
degree in Business Administration from the Universidad Pontificia de Comillas ICAI-ICADE, and a master’s 
degrees in Business Administration from Deusto University – Bilbao, Spain, and Adolfo Ibañez, Miami/Chile.

--- Page 65 ---
54
Rodrigo Echenique Gordillo became a director on March 26, 2019. He currently serves as Vice President 
and Executive Director of Banco Santander, S.A. (Spain) and a member of the Board of Santander Mexico 
and has significant experience in international banking. In 1976 he joined Banco Exterior de España as 
Deputy General Director and Head of Legal Services. He was subsequently appointed Deputy General 
Manager and member of the Executive Committee, and served as Executive Director of Banco Santander, 
S.A. from 1988 to 1994. He was a member of the board of several industrial and financial companies such 
as Ebro Azúcares y Alcoholes, S.A., Industrias Agricolas, S.A., and chaired the advisory board of Accenture, 
S.A. He was also a non-executive chairman of NH Hotels Group, S.A., Vocento, S.A., Vallehermoso, S.A. 
and Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. He has a law degree from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid.
Lucía Santa Cruz Sutil became a director on August 19, 2003. She is a Member of the Board of the 
Universidad Adolfo Ibañez. She is director of Compañía de Seguros Generales y de Vida La Chilena 
Consolidada (Zurich) and is a member of the Advisory Board of Nestle Chile. She is a member of the Self-
Regulation Committee for Insurance Companies in Chile. Ms. Santa Cruz is a historian and holds a M.Phil. 
in Philosophy from Oxford University and holds a Doctor Honoris Causa degree in Social Sciences from 
King’s College, University of London.
Juan Pedro Santa María Pérez became a director on July 24, 2012 after having served as Corporate Legal 
Director for Grupo Santander in Chile, Legal Counsel for Santander-Chile, Banco O’Higgins and Banco 
Santiago. He has been President of the Legal Committee of the Asociación de Bancos e Instituciones 
Financieras de Chile for over 20 years and President Pro-Tempore of the Financial Law Committee of the 
Federación Latinoamericana de Bancos (FELABAN). He is a member of the Counsel of Arbitrage and 
Mediation of the Chamber of Commerce of Santiago. Mr. Santa María holds a degree in Law from the 
Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile.
Blanca Bustamante Bravo became an alternate director on April 28, 2015. She holds a commercial 
engineering degree with mention in economics from Universidad Católica de Chile. Her professional 
experience includes the role of economic analyst for the Central Bank of Chile and research analyst for 
Oppenheimer & Co. in New York and IM Trust. In 1998, she joined Viña Concha y Toro as Head of Investor 
Relations, a position held until 2010. In 2001, she also became deputy manager of Corporate 
Communications and in 2017 became Director of Corporative Affairs. Currently she holds the position of 
Director of Corporate Relations, in charge of corporate communications and investor relations. Since 2013, 
she has been a director in the Center for Research & Innovation for Viña Concha y Toro.
Oscar von Chrismar Carvajal joined the Board on December 22, 2009 and is currently an alternate director. 
Mr. von Chrismar holds a Civil Engineering degree from the Universidad de Santiago de Chile with specialist 
studies in the US and Europe. He is a director of Sinacofi and the Stock Exchange since April 2012. He 
joined Banco Santander in 1990 as a manager of the finance division. Between 1995 and 1996 he was 
General Manager of Banco Santander Peru. In 1997, he became the General Manager of Santander Chile, 
a position he held until December 2009 when he joined the Board of Directors. Mr. von Chrismar was also a 
board member of Banco Santander Argentina, Peru and Colombia and the Santiago Stock Exchange. Prior 
to joining the Santander Group, he was Manager of the Finance Division for Morgan Bank and Manager of 
Finance of ING Bank. He has more than 25 years of experience in the banking industry.
Major Shareholders
As of December 31, 2021, Santander-Chile’s largest shareholders were the following:
Shareholder
Number of Shares
Percentage
Santander Chile Holding S.A..............................................
66,822,519,695
35.46%
Teatinos Siglo XXI Inversiones S.A....................................
59,770,481,573
31.72%
Santander Spain controls Santander-Chile through its holdings in Teatinos Siglo XXI Inversiones S.A. and 
Santander Chile Holding S.A., which are controlled subsidiaries. Santander Spain has control over 67.18% of 
the Issuer’s shares and actual participation, excluding non-controlling shareholders that participate in 
Santander Chile Holding, S.A. of 67.12%.
Santander Spain is in a position to elect a majority of the members of Santander-Chile’s Board of Directors, 
to determine its dividend and other policies and to determine substantially all matters to be decided by a vote

--- Page 66 ---
55
of shareholders. Santander Spain holds ordinary shares to which no special voting rights are attached. Each 
share represents one vote and there are no shareholders with different voting rights.
Auditors
On April 27, 2022, the Issuer announced that the Board of Directors selected PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores SpA to be the Issuer’s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2022 fiscal year. They 
have audited the Issuer’s financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended 
December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. They are members of the Asociación de Contadores Auditores (Public 
Accountants Association). Their address is 2711 Andrés Bello Avenue, 5th floor, Las Condes, Santiago, Chile, 
and they are registered under number 008 with the FMC. 
Trend Information (Outlook)
Please see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” in the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report 
for a discussion of the Issuer’s operating and financial review and prospects.
Conflicts of Interest
There are no material conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer by any of the members of either 
the Board of Directors or the management team in respect of their private or other duties.
Annual and Quarterly Reports
The Issuer’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 25, 2022 
with the SEC (which includes the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021 
and 2020 and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, prepared in accordance with 
IFRS), the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K filed on March 24, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, 
prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP) and the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K filed on May 
12, 2021 with the SEC (which includes the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal 
years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP) are deemed 
incorporated into, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus as more fully described on pages 147 to 149.
The Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on June 2, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated interim financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2022, prepared in 
accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP) and the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on May 10, 2022 with 
the SEC (which includes the Issuer’s unaudited management commentary for the three months ended March 
31, 2022, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP) are deemed incorporated into, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus as more fully described on pages 147 to 149.

--- Page 67 ---
56
DESCRIPTION OF CHILEAN FINANCIAL SECTOR
The Chilean financial services market consists of a variety of largely distinct sectors. The most important 
sector, commercial banking, includes a number of privately-owned banks and one public–sector bank, Banco 
del Estado de Chile (which operates within the same legal and regulatory framework as the private sector 
banks). The private-sector banks include local banks and a number of foreign-owned banks operating in Chile. 
The Chilean banking system is composed of 16 banks, including one public-sector bank. The six largest banks 
accounted for 86.7% of all outstanding loans by Chilean financial institutions as of December 31, 2021 
(excluding assets held abroad by Chilean banks).
The Chilean banking system has experienced increased competition in recent years, largely due to 
consolidation in the industry and new legislation. The Issuer also faces competition from non-bank and non-
finance competitors, principally department stores, credit unions and cajas de compensación (private, non-
profitable corporations whose aim is to administer social welfare benefits, including payroll loans, to their 
members) with respect to some of the Issuer’s credit products, such as credit cards, consumer loans and 
insurance brokerage. In addition, the Issuer faces competition from non–bank finance competitors, such as 
leasing, factoring and automobile finance companies, with respect to credit products, and mutual funds, 
pension funds and insurance companies, with respect to savings products. Currently, banks continue to be 
the main suppliers of leasing, factoring and mutual funds, and the insurance sales business has grown rapidly.

--- Page 68 ---
57
DESCRIPTION OF CHILEAN BANKING REGULATORY SYSTEM
General
In Chile, only banks may maintain checking accounts for their customers, conduct foreign trade operations, 
and, together with non-banking financial institutions, accept time deposits. The principal authorities that 
regulate financial institutions in Chile are the FMC and the Central Bank. Chilean banks are primarily subject 
to the General Banking Law, and secondarily subject, to the extent not inconsistent with this statute, to the 
provisions of the Chilean Companies Law governing public corporations, except for certain provisions that are 
expressly excluded.
The modern Chilean banking system dates from 1925 and has been characterized by periods of substantial 
regulation and state intervention, as well as periods of deregulation. The most recent period of deregulation 
commenced in 1975 and culminated in the adoption of a series of amendments to General Banking Law. That 
law was amended in 2001 to grant additional powers to banks, including general underwriting powers for new 
issues of certain debt and equity securities and the power to create subsidiaries to engage in activities related 
to banking, such as brokerage, investment advisory and mutual fund services, administration of investment 
funds, factoring, securitization products and financial leasing services. The most recent amendment to the 
General Banking Law was introduced by law 21,130, passed in January 2019, which modernizes Chile’s 
banking legislation by adopting capital and resolution standards in line with the requirements of the Basel 
Committee.
The Central Bank
The Central Bank is an autonomous legal entity created by the Chilean Constitution. It is subject to the Chilean 
Constitution and its own Ley Orgánica Constitucional, or organic constitutional law. To the extent not 
inconsistent with the Chilean Constitution or the Central Bank’s organic constitutional law, the Central Bank is 
also subject to private sector laws (but in no event is it subject to the laws applicable to the public sector). It is 
directed and administered by a Board of Directors composed of five members designated by the President of 
Chile, subject to the approval of the Chilean Senate.
The legal purpose of the Central Bank is to maintain the stability of the Chilean peso and the orderly functioning 
of Chile’s internal and external payment systems. The Central Bank’s powers include setting reserve 
requirements, regulating the amount of money and credit in circulation, establishing regulations and guidelines 
regarding finance companies, foreign exchange (including the Formal Exchange Market) and banks’ deposit-
taking activities.
Financial Market Commission
In 2017, Law 21,000 created the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero or Financial Market Commission (FMC). 
This law became a Law of the Republic in January 2018. The FMC is the sole supervisor for the Chilean 
financial system overseeing insurance companies, companies with publicly traded securities, credit unions, 
credit card and prepaid card issuers, and, as of June 1, 2019, banks. It is the responsibility of this commission 
to ensure the proper functioning, development and stability of the financial market, facilitating the participation 
of market agents and defending public faith in the financial markets. To do so, it must maintain a general and 
systemic vision of the market, considering the interests of investors and policyholders. Likewise, it shall be 
responsible for ensuring that the persons or entities audited, from their initiation until the end of their liquidation, 
comply with the laws, regulations, statutes and other provisions that govern them.
The Commission is in charge of a Council, which is composed of five members, who are appointed and are 
subject to the following rules:

A commissioner appointed by the President of Chile, of recognized professional or academic prestige 
in matters related to the financial system, which will have the character of President of the FMC.

Four commissioners appointed by the President of Chile, from among persons of recognized 
professional or academic prestige in matters related to the financial system, by supreme decree 
issued through the Ministry of Finance, after ratification of the Senate by the four sevenths of its 
members in exercise, in session specially convened for that purpose.

--- Page 69 ---
58
The Council’s responsibilities include regulation, sanctioning and the definition of general supervision 
policies. In addition, there will be a prosecutor in charge of investigations and the Chairman will be 
responsible for supervision. The FMC will act in coordination with the Chilean Central Bank.
 
The date of entry into operation of the Commission for the Financial Market was December 14, 2017. The 
Superintendency of Securities and Insurance was eliminated on January 15, 2018 and all functions of this 
Superintendency were absorbed by the FMC.
 
In January 2019, Law 21,130, which modernized the banking legislation contained in the General Banking 
Law and amended Law 21,000 (among others), was published in the Official Gazette. The law modernizes 
Chilean banking regulation in order to comply with Basel III practices and provisions. The law provides for 
stronger banking capital and reserves requirements in accordance with Basel III guidelines. The law also 
modernizes the corporate governance function of the FMC and, importantly, transfers the SBIF functions to 
the domain of the FMC. The FMC now has the faculty to determine the risk weighting of assets through a 
standardized model to be approved by the FMC or banks can implement their own methodology, subject to 
approval by the FMC. The law also imposes limitations on dividend distributions and puts in place intervention 
mechanisms in the event of insolvency.
The regulator examines all banks from time to time, generally at least once a year. Banks are also required to 
submit their financial statements monthly to the FMC, and the banks’ financial statements are published at 
least four times a year in a newspaper with countrywide coverage. In addition, banks are required to provide 
extensive information regarding their operations at various periodic intervals to the FMC. A bank’s annual 
financial statements and the opinion of its independent auditors must also be submitted to the FMC.
 
Any person wishing to acquire, directly or indirectly, 10.0% or more of the share capital of a bank must obtain 
the prior approval of the FMC. Absent such approval, the acquirer of shares so acquired will not have the right 
to vote. The FMC may only refuse to grant its approval, based on specific grounds set forth in the General 
Banking Law.
 
According to Article 35 bis of the General Banking Law, the prior authorization of the regulator is required for:

the merger of two or more banks;

the acquisition of all or a substantial portion of a bank’s assets and liabilities by another bank;

the control by the same person, or controlling group, of two or more banks; or

a substantial increase in the existing control of a bank by a controlling shareholder of that bank.
 
The intended purchase, merger or expansion may be denied by the regulator with an accompanying resolution 
recording the specific reasons for denial and with agreement of a majority of the Board of Directors of the 
Central Bank.
 
Pursuant to the regulations of the FMC, the following ownership disclosures are required:
 

a bank is required to inform the FMC of the identity of any person owning, directly or indirectly, 5.0% 
or more of such banks’ shares;

holders of ADSs must disclose to the Depositary the identity of beneficial owners of ADSs registered 
under such holders’ names;

the Depositary is required to notify the bank as to the identity of beneficial owners of ADSs that such 
Depositary has registered and the bank, in turn, is required to notify the FMC as to the identity of the 
beneficial owners of the ADSs representing 5.0% or more of such banks’ shares; and

bank shareholders who individually hold 10.0% or more of a bank’s capital stock and who are 
controlling shareholders must periodically inform the FMC of their financial condition.

--- Page 70 ---
59
Limitations on Types of Activities
Chilean banks can only conduct those activities allowed by the General Banking Law: making loans, accepting 
deposits and, subject to limitations, making investments and performing financial services. Investments are 
restricted to real estate for the bank’s own use, gold, foreign exchange and debt securities. Through 
subsidiaries, banks may also engage in other specific financial service activities such as securities brokerage 
services, equity investments, securities, mutual fund management, investment fund management, financial 
advisory and leasing activities. Subject to specific limitations and the prior approval of the FMC and the Central 
Bank, Chilean banks may own majority or non-controlling interests in foreign banks. 
Deposit Insurance
The Chilean government guarantees certain time and demand deposits and savings accounts held by 
natural persons with a maximum value of UF400 per person (Ch$12,396,696 or U.S.$14,580 as of 
December 31, 2021) per calendar year in the entire financial system and a maximum of UF200 per person 
per bank. 
Reserve Requirements
Deposits are subject to a reserve requirement of 9.0% for demand deposits and 3.6% for time deposits (with 
terms of less than one year). For purposes of calculating the reserve obligation, banks are authorized to deduct 
daily from their foreign currency denominated liabilities, the balance in foreign currency of certain loans and 
financial investments held outside of Chile, the most relevant of which include:

cash clearance account, which should be deducted from demand deposit for calculating reserve 
requirement;

certain payment orders issued by pension providers; and

the amount set aside for “technical reserve” (as described below), which can be deducted from 
reserve requirement.
The Central Bank has statutory authority to require banks to maintain reserves of up to an average of 40.0% 
for demand deposits and up to 20.0% for time deposits (irrespective, in each case, of the currency in which 
they are denominated) to implement monetary policy. In addition, to the extent that the aggregate amount of 
the following types of liabilities exceeds 2.5 times the amount of a bank’s regulatory capital, a bank must 
maintain a 100.0% “technical reserve” against them:  demand deposits, deposits in checking accounts, or 
obligations payable on sight incurred in the ordinary course of business, and in general all deposits 
unconditionally payable immediately but excluding interbank demand deposits.  As of December 31, 2021, 
the Central Bank required the Issuer to maintain an additional technical reserve of Ch$4,272,695 million, 
representing 15.2% of the Issuer’s demand deposits, due to the strong rise in demand deposits since the 
beginning of the pandemic.
Minimum Capital
On October 9, 2020, the FMC published the final regulation on regulatory capital to comply with effective net 
worth rules in accordance with Basel III and the General Banking Law. The new regulation became effective 
on December 1, 2021 is being gradually implemented and adjusted to be fully in place by December 1, 2025. 
Pursuant to the proposed regulation, there are three levels of capital: core capital level 1 or CET1 (core capital), 
Additional Tier I capital or AT1 (perpetual bonds and preferred stock) and Tier 2 or T2 capital (subordinated 
bonds and voluntary provisions). Regulatory capital is composed of the sum of CET1, AT1 and T2 after making 
some deductions, mainly for intangible assets, hybrid securities issued by foreign subsidiaries, partial 
deduction for deferred taxes and some reserve and profit accounts.  The minimum total regulatory capital is 
8% of risk-weighted assets (“RWA”), which includes credit, market, and operational risk.  This minimum rises 
in line with the size, complexity and solvency of a bank and the FMC’s assessment of a bank’s management.
According to Chilean regulations, regulatory core capital must be as a minimum 4.5% of RWA of a bank. In 
addition, and to avoid restrictions on dividend payments, a bank must have an additional conservation buffer 
of 2.5% of RWA. The conservation buffer will be gradually phased in by 2025 and must be comprised of core 
capital. The Central Bank may set an additional counter cyclical buffer of up to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets

--- Page 71 ---
60
in agreement with the FMC, also composed of core capital.  As of the date hereof, counter cyclical buffer has 
not been defined yet.
On November 2, 2020 the FMC published the final guidelines regarding the identification and core capital 
charge for banks considered Systemically Important Banks (“SIBs”). The FMC, in agreement with the Central 
Bank, also imposed additional capital requirements for SIBs of between 1-3.5% of risk-weighted assets. This 
additional capital requirement is being gradually phased in by 25% beginning on December 2021 until 
December 2025. With the implementation of additional capital requirements for SIBs, the requirement imposed 
on Banco Santander Chile to have a minimum regulatory capital ratio of 11% compared to the 8% limit for 
most other banks in Chile will be gradually phased out and replaced by the new regulatory requirements for a 
SIB.
There are a total of four factors that are weighted to reach a market share:
1.
Size (weighted at 30%): Includes total assets consolidated in the domestic market.
 
2.
Domestic interconnection (weighted at 30%): Includes assets and liabilities with financial institutions 
(banks and non-banks) and assets in circulation in the Chilean financial market (equity and fixed 
income).
 
3.
Domestic substitution (weighted at 20%): Includes the share in local payments, assets in custody, 
deposits and loans.
 
4.
Complexity (weighted at 20%): Includes factors that could lead to greater difficulties regarding costs 
and/ or time for the orderly resolution of the Issuer. These include the notional amount of OTC 
derivatives, inter-jurisdictional assets and liabilities and available-for-sale assets.
 
The minimum amount of the sum of the factors to be considered systemic is 1,000 bp, equivalent to a 
weighted participation of 10% of all four factors. The core capital additional charge depends on the size of 
the total factor, as set out in the table below:
 
Systemic Level
Range (bp)
Core capital additional charge 
(% of risk-weighted assets)
I
1,000-1,300
1.0%-1.25%
II
1,300-1,800
1.25%-1.75%
III
1,800-2,000
1.75%-2.5%
IV
>=2,000
2.5%-3.5%
 
The Central Bank may also require for a SIB: (1) the addition of up to 2.0% to the core capital to a bank’s 
total assets ratios; (2) a reduction in the technical reserve requirement trigger from 2.5 times regulatory 
capital to 1.5 times regulatory capital; and/or (3) a reduction in the interbank loan limit to 20% of regulatory 
capital of any SIB.  On March 30, 2022, the FMC informed the market that we were classified as a Level II 
SIB with a requirement of maintaining 1.5% of RWA as core capital to fulfill this requirement.
Banks must also have at least 1.5% of RWA in Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1), either in the form of preferred 
shares or perpetual bonds, both of which may be convertible to common equity. The maximum amount of 
AT1 is set at 1/3 of core capital. As a temporary measure, the FMC permits banks to fulfill their minimum 
AT1 requirement with Tier II instruments. In October 2021, the Issuer issued an AT1 perpetual bond for 
U.S.$700 million with no fixed maturity and not redeemable before five years from the date of issuance. The 
bond is convertible to shares if the banks CET1 ratio falls below 5.125% in line with the FMC conditions and 
requirements for the issuance of perpetual bonds and preferred equity.
Tier 2 capital is now set at a minimum of 2% of RWA. Tier 2 capital includes subordinated bonds and up to 
the equivalent of 50% of core capital can be considered Tier 2.  Additional provision in accordance to the 
rules of General Banking Law can also be considered Tier 2 in amount up to 1.25% of RWA.
The General Banking Law also incorporates Pillar 2 capital requirements with the objective of ensuring an 
adequate risk management. The objective of this pillar is to ensure that banks maintain capital levels that

--- Page 72 ---
61
are consistent with their risk profile and business model and encourages the development and use of 
appropriate processes to monitor and manage their risks. Pillar 2 also granted the regulators the power to 
impose greater capital requirements as a result of deficient evaluations of a bank’s internal capital adequacy 
assessment process (ICAAP), which should consider a bank’s risk profile and a strategy to sustain adequate 
levels of capital, even under stress scenarios. Pillar 2 also focuses on risks not considered in Pillar 1 such 
as reputational risks, concentration risks, liquidity risks and interest rate risks. The FMC, with at least four 
votes from the Council of the FMC, will have the power to impose additional regulatory capital demands of 
up to 4% of risk-weighted assets, either Tier I or Tier II, if it determines that the previous capital levels and 
buffers are not enough for a particular financial institution. Following the FMC latest revision of the Issuer’s 
solvency and management, a 0% Pillar 2 requirement was set in January 2022 for the Issuer.
The following table sets forth the regulatory capital demands under the General Banking Law:
Minimum capital requirements: Basel III, previous GBL and new requirements 
Capital categories
General Banking Law
(% over risk weighted assets)
(1) Core capital ....................................................................................
4.5%
(2) Additional Tier 1 Capital (AT1) .......................................................
Minimum 1.5%, up to 1/3 of core 
capital
(3) Total Tier 1 Capital (1+2)..............................................................
6.0%
(4) Tier 2 Capital..................................................................................
Minimum 2.0% with subordinated 
bonds up to 50% of core capital and 
additional provisions up to 1.25% of 
RWAs
(5) Total Regulatory Capital (3+4).....................................................
8.0%
(6) Conservation Buffer........................................................................
2.5 CET1
(7) Total Equity Requirement (5+6) ..................................................
10.5%
(8) Counter Cyclical Buffer...................................................................
up to 2.5 CET1
(9) SIB Requirement............................................................................
Between 1 - 3.5% CET1
(10) Pillar 2 ..........................................................................................
Up to 4% CET1 or Tier 2
 
Risk Weightings
On December 1, 2020 the FMC published the final regulations to establishing risk weightings for calculating 
capital adequacy ratios under the General Banking Law.
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) defines credit risk (CR) as the risk that a debtor or 
bank counterparty does not meet its obligations in accordance with the agreed terms. Credit risk is the most 
relevant in the Chilean banking industry. The prior mechanism estimated Risk Weighted Assets by Credit 
Risk (RWCR) using a methodology based on the Basel I standard. The standard method with Basel III 
standards is more advanced, since it has categories that depend on the type of counterparty and different 
risk factors. These categories are not based on accounting criteria, but rather on the underlying risk. Thus, 
all exposures that have mortgage guarantees, for example mortgage loans for housing, have a different 
treatment from those exposures not guaranteed by a mortgage. 
Additionally, in the case of mortgage-backed exposures, there are different types of treatment depending on 
the type of real estate and whether the obligations are paid with income generated by the property itself. The 
new framework also allows the use of internal methodologies, subject to compliance with minimum 
requirements. The new standards for weighing credit risk includes the possibility of reducing RWCR when 
considering credit risk mitigators, such as compensation agreements, guarantees and other compensations.
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) defines operational risk (OR) as the risk of loss 
resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. 
This definition includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational that a debtor or bank counterparty 
does not meet its obligations in accordance with the agreed terms. In order to estimate the operational risk 
coefficient, two factors are considered:

--- Page 73 ---
62
1.
The business indicator component (BIC): A component that considers interest income, interest 
earning assets, dividend income, financial transactions, fees, and other operational income and 
expenses. These are then multiplied by a marginal coefficient.
2.
Internal Loss Multiplier (ILM): This component is based on 10 years of historical operational losses, 
or at least five years in some special cases
 
BCBS defines market risk (MR) as the risk of losses arising from movements in market prices. The risks 
subject to market risk capital requirements mainly includes: interest rate risk, credit spread risk, equity risk, 
foreign exchange (FX) risk and commodities risk for trading book instruments; and FX risk and commodities 
risk for banking book instruments. The FMC does not permit banks to use internal models for calculating 
MRWA and instead only permits the usage of simple standardized models.
In March 2022, the FMC sent a letter to the Issuer following an inquiry regarding the formula for risk 
weighting IRS derivatives for market risk. As a result of their response, we modified this calculation and 
restated our capital ratios for 2021 using this new method. The following table sets forth the Issuer’s RWA 
and regulatory capital as of December 31, 2021 under Basel III as required by the Chilean regulator, 
including the recent modification requested by the FMC:
December 31, 2021
Risk-weighted assets Ch$mn
Market risk………………………………………..
5,599,484
Operational risk....................................................
3,316,895
Credit risk.............................................................
29,019,932
Total RWA…………………………………………
37,936,311
Ratio
December 31, 
2021
December 
31, 2021
(Ch$ million)
(% of 
RWA)
Core capital  ....................................................
3,494,580
9.2%
Additional Tier I .................................................
956,666
2.5%
Tier I ..................................................................
4,451,246
11.7%
Tier II .................................................................
1,325,585
3.5%
Regulatory capital...........................................
5,776,831
15.2%
The Issuer believes its current capital levels are adequate, but it cannot rule out having to raise additional 
capital in the future in order to maintain its capital adequacy ratios above the minimum required by the FMC.
 
Lending Limits
Under the General Banking Law, Chilean banks are subject to certain lending limits, including the following 
material limits: 

a bank may not extend to any entity or individual (or any one group of related entities), except for another 
financial institution, directly or indirectly, unsecured credit in an amount that exceeds 10.0% of the bank’s 
regulatory capital, or in an amount that exceeds 30.0% of its regulatory capital if the excess over 10.0% 
is secured by certain assets with a value equal to or higher than such excess. In the case of financing 
infrastructure projects built by government concession, the 10.0% ceiling for unsecured credits is raised 
to 15.0% if secured by a pledge over the concession, or if granted by two or more banks or finance 
companies which have executed a credit agreement with the builder or holder of the concession in the 
case of export loans in foreign currency the ceiling is raised to 30%;

a bank may not extend loans to another financial institution subject to the General Banking Law in an 
aggregate amount exceeding 30.0% of its regulatory capital;

--- Page 74 ---
63

a bank may not grant loans to a single business group, as such term is defined in Title XV of Law 18,045, 
that exceeds 30% of the bank’s regulatory capital (excluding interbank loans);

if a bank originates a loan in excess of these limits, a fine equivalent to 10% of the excess will be applied 
to the bank;

a bank may not directly or indirectly grant a loan whose purpose is to allow an individual or entity to 
acquire shares of the lender bank;

a bank may not lend, directly or indirectly, to a director or any other person who has the power to act on 
behalf of the bank; and

a bank may not grant loans to related parties (including holders of more than 1.0% of its shares) on more 
favorable terms than those generally offered to non-related parties. Loans granted to related parties are 
subject to the limitations described in the first bullet point above. In addition, the aggregate amount of 
loans to related parties may not exceed a bank’s regulatory capital.
In addition, the General Banking Law limits the aggregate amount of loans that a bank may grant to its 
employees to 1.5% of its regulatory capital, and provides that no individual employee may receive loans in 
excess of 10.0% of this 1.5% limit. Notwithstanding these limitations, a bank may grant to each of its 
employees a single residential mortgage loan for personal use during such employee’s term of employment. 
Allowance for Loan Losses under Chilean Bank GAAP
Chilean banks are required to provide to the FMC detailed information regarding their loan portfolio on a 
monthly basis. The FMC examines and evaluates each financial institution’s credit management process, 
including its compliance with the loan classification guidelines. Banks are classified into four categories: 1, 2, 
3 and 4. Each bank’s category depends on the models and methods used by the bank to classify its loan 
portfolio, as determined by the FMC. Category 1 banks are those banks whose methods and models are 
satisfactory to the FMC. Category 1 banks will be entitled to continue using the same methods and models 
they currently have in place. A bank classified as a category 2 bank will have to maintain the minimum levels 
of reserves established by the FMC while its Board of Directors will be made aware of the problems detected 
by the FMC and required to take steps to correct them. Banks classified as categories 3 and 4 will have to 
maintain the minimum levels of reserves established by the FMC until they are authorized by the FMC to do 
otherwise. Santander-Chile is categorized as a “Category 1” bank.
A detailed description of the models established for determining loan loss allowances is set forth in “Item 5.  
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—C. Selected Statistical Information—Classification of Loan 
Portfolio” of the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report and in “Note 1—Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies” of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein.
Capital Markets
Under the General Banking Law, banks in Chile may purchase, sell, place, underwrite and act as paying 
agents with respect to certain debt securities. Likewise, banks in Chile may place and underwrite certain equity 
securities. Bank subsidiaries may also engage in debt placement and dealing, equity issuance advice and 
securities brokerage, as well as in financial leasing, mutual fund and investment fund administration, 
investment advisory services and merger and acquisition services. These subsidiaries are regulated by the 
FMC. 
Legal Provisions Regarding Banking Institutions with Economic Difficulties
Article 112 of the General Banking Law provides that if specified adverse economic circumstances exist at 
any bank, its Board of Directors must approve a financing plan to correct the situation and present it to the 
FMC. In its proposal, the bank must state the scheduled time within which the plan will be completed, which 
may not exceed six months. If one of the measures contained in the financing plan is to increase the capital 
of the bank by the amount necessary to return the bank to financial stability, the Board of Directors must call 
a special shareholders’ meeting to the capital increase. If the shareholders reject the capital increase, the 
FMC may apply one or more of the restrictions stated in Article 116 of the General Banking Law for a period 
not exceeding six months, which may be renewed once for the same period. These restrictions include limiting

--- Page 75 ---
64
the bank’s ability to grant loans to any person or legal entity linked (directly or through third parties) to the 
property or management of the bank, limiting loan renewals for more than 180 days, limiting security 
documents governing existing loans, among others.
If the approval of shareholders is required for a different measure included in the plan, the Board of Directors 
must call the shareholders’ meeting within 15 days. The General Banking Law provides that the bank may 
receive a three-year term loan from one or more banking institutions. The terms and conditions of such a loan 
must be approved by the directors of both banks, as well as by the FMC, but need not be submitted to any 
institution’s shareholders for their approval. In any event, a creditor bank cannot grant interbank loans to an 
insolvent bank in an amount exceeding 25.0% of the creditor bank’s regulatory capital. If the bank is unable 
to pay the loan to its creditors, article 115 of the General Banking Law provides that a bank’s unpaid debt may 
be: (i) capitalized in a merger between the bank and creditor bank, where the creditor bank may establish the 
terms and conditions of the merger provided such terms and conditions are approved by the FMC; (ii) used to 
complete a capital increase agreed by the bank, provided that the shares are issued by a third party; and (iii) 
to subscribe and pay a capital increase. The shares acquired by the creditor bank must be sold within a period 
of 180 days, which can be extended by the FMC for a further 180 days.
Dissolution and Liquidation of Banks
The FMC may establish that a bank should be liquidated for the benefit of its depositors or other creditors 
when such bank does not have the necessary solvency to continue its operations. In such case, the FMC 
must revoke a bank’s authorization to exist and order its mandatory liquidation, subject to agreement by the 
Central Bank. The FMC must also revoke a bank’s authorization if the reorganization plan of such bank has 
been rejected twice. The resolution by the FMC must state the reason for ordering the liquidation and must 
name a liquidator, unless the FMC assumes this responsibility. When a liquidation is declared, all checking 
accounts and other demand deposits received in the ordinary course of business, are required to be paid by 
using existing funds of the bank, its deposits with the Central Bank or its investments in instruments that 
represent its reserves. If these funds are insufficient to pay these obligations, the liquidator may seize the rest 
of the bank’s assets, as needed. If necessary and in specified circumstances, the Central Bank will lend the 
bank the funds necessary to pay these obligations. Any such loans are preferential to any claims of other 
creditors of the liquidated bank.
On January 12, 2019, Law No. 21,130 was published in the Official Gazette of Chile. The law modernizes 
banking legislation including the General Banking Law by, among other things, transferring the supervisory 
powers of the SBIF to the FMC, updating the capital and risk management requirements applicable to banking 
companies in accordance with the Basel III standards, and introducing measures for the early regularization 
and intervention of banking companies that are at risk of insolvency.
With respect to measures for early regularization, Law No. 21,130 establishes an obligation on banks to inform 
the FMC if any of the regulatory non-compliance situations listed in Article 112 of the General Banking Law 
arise or if it has detected any event indicative of financial instability or deficient administration. Within five days 
of notifying the FMC, the bank must present a regularization plan approved by its board of directors containing 
concrete measures that shall remedy the relevant situation and ensure the bank’s normal performance. The 
bank must comply with the regularization plan within 6 months of the resolution approving it. During the 
implementation of the plan, the bank must also submit periodic reports on its progress to the FMC, and the 
FMC may require the implementation of additional measures and/or prohibitions it deems necessary for the 
plan’s success.
Article 161 of the General Banking Law provides that directors, managers, administrators and attorneys-in-
fact who, without written authorization from the FMC, agree to, perform or cause the execution of any of the 
acts prohibited under Article 116 of the General Banking Law shall be imprisoned for a term within the medium 
to maximum range. If a bank fails to submit the regularization plan, the plan is rejected by the FMC, the bank 
fails to comply with any of the measures set out in the plan, the bank repeatedly breaches the plan’s terms or 
is subject to fines, or if any serious event occurs that raises concerns for the bank’s financial stability, the FMC 
may appoint a delegated inspector, who shall have powers to, among other things, suspend any agreement 
of the board of directors or act of the attorneys-in-fact of the institution, and/or a provisional administrator, who 
shall have all the ordinary faculties that the law and the by-laws provide for the board of directors, or whoever 
acts in its place, and for the general manager.

--- Page 76 ---
65
Other amendments incorporated by Law No. 21,130 include the elimination of creditors’ agreements as a 
mechanism for regularizing a bank’s financial situation, the incorporation of modifications to financial system 
capitalization and preventive capitalization, and the incorporation of further requirements for bank directors.
Obligations Denominated in Foreign Currencies
The Issuer must also comply with various regulatory and internal limits regarding exposure to movements in 
foreign exchange rates (See “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” of the 
Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report).
Loans and Investments in Foreign Securities
Under current Chilean banking regulations, banks in Chile may grant loans to foreign individuals and entities 
and invest in certain securities of foreign issuers. Banks may grant commercial loans and foreign trade loans, 
and can buy loans granted by banks abroad. Banks in Chile may also invest in debt securities traded in formal 
secondary markets. Such debt securities must be (1) securities issued or guaranteed by foreign sovereign 
states or their central banks or other foreign or international financial entities, and (2) bonds issued by foreign 
companies. If the sum of investment in foreign securities and loans granted outside of Chile surpasses 70.0% 
of regulatory capital, the amount that exceeds 70.0% is subject to a mandatory reserve of 100.0%.
Table 1
Rating Agency
Short 
Term
Long 
Term
Moody’s..............................................................................................................................
P2
Baa3
Standard and Poor’s ..........................................................................................................
A3
BBB-
Fitch ...................................................................................................................................
F2
BBB-
Dominion Bond Rating (DBRS)..........................................................................................
R-2
BBB 
(low)
In the event that the sum of: (a) loans granted abroad that are not to subsidiaries of Chilean companies, and 
that have a rating of BB- or less and do not trade on a foreign stock exchange, and (b) the investments in 
foreign securities which have a rating that is below that indicated in Table 1 above, but is equal to or exceeds 
the ratings mentioned in the Table 2 below and exceeds 20.0% (and 30.0% for banks with a BIS ratio equal 
or exceeding 10% of the regulatory capital of such bank), the excess is subject to a mandatory reserve of 
100.0%.
Table 2
Rating Agency
Short 
Term
Long 
Term
Moody’s ................................................................................................................................
P2
Ba3
Standard and Poor’s.............................................................................................................
A-2
BB-
Fitch ......................................................................................................................................
F2
BB-
Dominion Bond Rating (DBRS) ............................................................................................
R-2
BB 
(low)
In addition, banks may invest in foreign securities whose ratings are equal or exceed those mentioned in Table 
3 below for an additional amount equal to 70% of their regulatory capital. This limit constitutes an additional 
margin and is not subject to the 100% mandatory reserve.
Additionally, a Chilean bank may invest in foreign securities whose rating is equal to or exceeds those 
mentioned in Table 3 below in: (i) demand deposits with foreign banks, including overnight deposits in a single 
entity; and (ii) securities issued or guaranteed by sovereign states or their central banks or securities issued 
or guaranteed by foreign entities within the Chilean State, though investment will be subject to the limits by 
issuer up to 30.0% and 50.0%, respectively, of the regulatory capital of the Chilean bank that makes the 
investment. If these foreign securities do not have a rating, the individual limit will be 10.0% of regulatory 
capital.

--- Page 77 ---
66
Table 3
Rating Agency
Short 
Term
Long 
Term
Moody’s ..........................................................................................................................
P1
Aa3
Standard and Poor’s.......................................................................................................
A1+
AA-
Fitch................................................................................................................................
F1+
AA-
DBRS..............................................................................................................................
R-1 
(high)
AA(low)
Moreover, the sum of all demand deposits with foreign banks, including overnight deposits to related parties, 
as defined by the Central Bank and the FMC, cannot surpass 25.0% of a bank’s regulatory capital.  This limit 
excludes foreign branches of Chilean banks or their subsidiaries, but must include amounts deposited by 
these entities in related parties abroad.
Chilean banks may only invest in equity securities of foreign banks and certain other foreign companies which 
may be affiliates of the bank or which would be complementary to the bank’s business if such companies were 
incorporated in Chile. 
United States Supervision and Regulation
Financial Regulatory Reform
Banking statutes and regulations are continually under review by the United States Congress. In addition to 
laws and regulations, the U.S. bank regulatory agencies may issue policy statements, interpretive letters and 
similar written guidance. Many changes have occurred as a result of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act and its 
implementing regulations, most of which are now in place. More recently, there have been several statutory 
and regulatory initiatives aimed at providing relief for the financial services industry. The Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board") retains the right to apply enhanced prudential 
standards to foreign banking organizations (“FBOs”) with greater than $100 billion in global total consolidated 
assets, such as Santander Spain.
In October 2019, the federal banking agencies issued final rules that adjust the thresholds at which certain 
enhanced prudential standards and capital and liquidity requirements apply to certain banking organizations, 
including large FBOs such as Santander Spain. As a result, Santander Spain is now generally subject to less 
restrictive enhanced prudential standards and capital and liquidity requirements than under previously 
applicable regulations.
Under the current administration, however, banking organizations, including large FBOs, may become 
subject to increased scrutiny and more extensive legal and regulatory requirements than under the prior 
presidential and congressional regime. In addition, changes in key personnel at the agencies that regulate 
such banking organizations, including the federal banking regulators, may result in differing interpretations of 
existing rules and guidelines and potentially more stringent enforcement and more severe penalties than 
previously.
Volcker Rule
Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and its implementing rules 
(collectively, the “Volcker Rule”) prohibit “banking entities” from engaging in certain forms of proprietary 
trading or from sponsoring or investing in “covered funds,” in each case subject to certain exceptions. The 
Volcker Rule also limits the ability of banking entities and their affiliates to enter into certain transactions with 
covered funds with which they or their affiliates have certain relationships. Banking entities such as the Issuer 
and Santander Spain were required to bring their activities and investments into compliance with the 
requirements of the Volcker Rule by the end of the conformance period applicable to each requirement. 
Santander Spain has assessed how the Volcker Rule affects its businesses and subsidiaries, including 
Santander-Chile, and has brought its activities into compliance. The Santander Group has adopted processes 
to establish, maintain, enforce, review and test the compliance program designed to achieve and maintain 
compliance with the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule contains exclusions and certain exemptions for market-
making, hedging, underwriting, trading in U.S. government and agency obligations, as well as certain foreign 
government obligations, and trading solely outside the United States, and also permits certain ownership 
interests in certain types of funds to be retained. Santander Spain’s non-U.S. banking organization

--- Page 78 ---
67
subsidiaries, including Santander-Chile, are largely able to continue their activities outside the United States 
in reliance on the “solely outside the U.S.” exemptions from the Volcker Rule. Those exemptions generally 
exempt proprietary trading, and sponsoring or investing in covered funds if, among other restrictions, the 
essential actions take place outside the United States and any transactions are not with U.S. persons.
On July 21, 2017 the five regulatory agencies charged with implementing the Volcker Rule announced the 
coordination of reviews of the treatment of certain foreign funds that are investment funds organized and 
offered outside of the United States and that are excluded from the definition of covered fund under the 
agencies’ implementing regulations. Also in July 2017, the Federal Reserve issued guidelines for banking 
entities seeking an extension to conform certain “seeding” investments in covered funds to the requirements 
of the Volcker Rule. 
In June 2019, the five regulatory agencies charged with implementing the Volcker Rule finalized amendments 
to the Volcker Rule. These amendments tailor the Volcker Rule’s compliance requirements to the amount of 
a firm’s trading activity, revise the definition of trading account, clarify certain key provisions in the Volcker 
Rule, and modify the information companies are required to provide the federal agencies. Santander-Chile will 
still largely rely on the “solely outside the U.S. exemption” to conduct its trading activities.
In June 2020, the five federal agencies finalized additional amendments to the Volcker Rule related to the 
restrictions on ownership interests in, sponsorship of and relationships with covered funds. These 
amendments became effective on October 1, 2020 with no impact on Santander Chile. Santander Spain will 
continue to monitor Volcker Rule-related developments and assess their impact on its operations, including 
those of Santander-Chile, as necessary.
U.S. Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorist Financing, and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Regulations
The Issuer, as a foreign private issuer whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act, is subject to 
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). The FCPA generally prohibits such issuers and their 
directors, officers, employees and agents from using any means or instrumentality of U.S. interstate commerce 
in furtherance of any offer or payment of money to any foreign official or political party for the purpose of 
influencing a decision of such person in order to obtain or retain business. It also requires that the issuer 
maintain books and records and a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable 
assurance that accountability of assets is maintained and accurate financial statements can be prepared. 
Penalties, fines and imprisonment of the Issuer’s officers and/or directors can be imposed for violations of the 
FCPA.
Furthermore, the Issuer is subject to a variety of U.S. anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing laws 
and regulations, such as the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, as 
amended, and a violation of such laws and regulations may result in substantial penalties, fines and 
imprisonment of the Issuer’s officers and/or directors.
The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (“AML Act”), enacted on January 1, 2021 as part of the National 
Defense Authorization Act, does not directly impose new requirements on banks, but requires the U.S. 
Treasury Department to issue National Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism 
Priorities, and conduct studies and issue regulations that may, over the next few years, significantly alter some 
of the due diligence, recordkeeping and reporting requirements that the Bank Secrecy Act and Patriot Act 
impose on banks. The AML Act also contains provisions that promote increased information-sharing and use 
of technology, and increases penalties for violations of the Bank Secrecy Act and includes whistleblower 
incentives, both of which could increase the prospect of regulatory enforcement.

--- Page 79 ---
68
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES
General
The Issuer may issue and have outstanding from time to time up to U.S.$5,500,000,000 principal amount in 
the aggregate of Medium-Term Notes (the “Notes”) under this Program. Unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, the minimum specified denomination of the Notes will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than the Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such higher amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant Central Bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. The Notes will have the terms described below, 
including, as described below, the terms specified in the Final Terms of the applicable Series of Notes, except 
that references below to interest payments and interest-related information do not apply to certain OID Notes 
(as defined in “Taxation”).
The Notes are to be issued under a Fiscal and Paying Agency Agreement dated as of June 30, 2016 among 
the Issuer, Bank of America, National Association, London Branch as fiscal agent, paying agent and transfer 
agent (in such capacity, the “Fiscal and Paying Agent”),  Bank of America, National Association, as U.S. 
paying agent, U.S. registrar and U.S. transfer agent, Bank of America Europe DAC as the European Registrar, 
and the other paying agents and transfer agents named therein, as further amended and supplemented from 
time to time (the “Fiscal Agency Agreement”), in registered or bearer form as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The following description of certain provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement is subject to, and 
qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, including the 
definitions therein of certain terms.
The Issuer may, from time to time, open one or more series of Notes (each, a “Series”) and issue Additional 
Notes (as defined below in “Additional Notes”) with the same terms (including maturity and interest payment 
terms but excluding original issue date and public offering price) as Notes issued on an earlier date; provided 
that a Series of Notes may not comprise both Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered form. After such 
Additional Notes are issued they will be fungible with the previously issued Notes to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided further that if the Additional Notes are not fungible with the earlier Notes for 
United States federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. Each 
such Series may contain one or more tranches of Notes (each, a “Tranche”) having identical terms, including 
the original issue date and the public offering price; provided that a Tranche of Notes may not comprise both 
Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered form.
Each Note will be unsecured and will be either a senior or a subordinated debt obligation. Notes which are 
senior debt obligations will rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
thereof. Notes which are subordinated debt obligations will rank junior in right of payment to all senior 
indebtedness as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will set forth the precise terms of such 
subordination.
The Final Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer will describe the following terms: (i) the 
currency or composite currency in which the Notes of such Tranche will be denominated (each such currency 
or composite currency, a “Specified Currency”) and, if other than the Specified Currency, the currency or 
composite currency in which payments on the Notes of such Series will be made (and, if the Specified 
Currency or currency or composite currency of payment is other than U.S. Dollars, certain other terms relating 
to such Notes (a “Foreign Currency Note”) and such Specified Currency or such currency or composite 
currency of payment); (ii) whether such Notes are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes (including whether 
such Notes are Regular Floating Rate Notes, Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Notes or Inverse Floating Rate Notes, 
each as defined below); (iii) the price at which such Notes will be issued (the “Issue Price”); (iv) the date on 
which such Notes will be issued (the “Original Issue Date”); (v) the date on which such Notes will mature; (vi) 
whether such notes are senior or subordinated and, if subordinated, the terms of the subordination; (vii) if such 
Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, the rate per annum at which such Notes will bear interest, if any; (viii) if such 
Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the base rate (the “Base Rate”), the initial interest rate (the “Initial Interest 
Rate”), the minimum interest rate (the “Minimum Interest Rate”) (provided that if no Minimum Interest Rate 
is specified or if indicated that the Minimum Interest Rate is “not applicable,” the Minimum Interest Rate shall 
be zero), the maximum interest rate (the “Maximum Interest Rate”), the Interest Payment Dates, the period 
to maturity of the instrument, obligation or index with respect to which the calculation agent will calculate the 
interest rate basis or bases (the “Index Maturity”), the Spread and/or Spread Multiplier (all as defined below), 
if any, (ix) whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, or repaid at the option of the 
holder, prior to its stated maturity as described under “Optional Redemption” and “Repayment at the

--- Page 80 ---
69
Noteholders’ Option; Repurchase” below and, if so, the provisions relating to such redemption or repayment; 
(x) any relevant tax consequences associated with the terms of the Notes which have not been described 
under “Taxation—United States Federal Income Taxation” below; and (xi) if such Notes are Additional 
Notes (as defined below), a description of the original issue date and aggregate principal amount of the prior 
Tranche of Notes having terms (other than the original issue date and public offering price) identical to such 
Additional Notes. In addition, each Final Terms with respect to a Tranche of Notes will identify the Dealer(s) 
participating in the distribution of such Notes. See “Plan of Distribution.” Each Final Terms relating to Notes 
will be in, or substantially in, the relevant forms included under “Form of Final Terms” below.
If any Notes are to be issued as Foreign Currency Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify the currency 
or currencies, which may be composite currencies, in which the purchase price of such Notes are to be paid 
by the purchaser, and the currency or currencies, which may be composite currencies, in which the principal 
at maturity or earlier redemption, premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to such Notes may be paid, 
if applicable. See “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes.”
Subject to such additional restrictions as are described under “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign 
Currency Notes,” Notes of each Tranche will mature on a day specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
selected by the initial purchaser and agreed to by the Issuer. In the event that such maturity date of any Notes 
or any date fixed for redemption or repayment of any Notes (collectively, the “Maturity Date”) is not a Business 
Day (as defined below), principal and interest payable at maturity or upon such redemption or repayment will 
be paid on the next succeeding Business Day with the same effect as if such Business Day were the Maturity 
Date. No interest shall accrue for the period from and after the Maturity Date to such next succeeding Business 
Day. Except as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes will mature at par.
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify the yield as of the Original Issue Date. 
The yield is calculated at the Original Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.
“Business Day” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any day other than a 
Saturday or Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions are generally authorized or obligated by 
law or regulation to close in (i) the principal financial center of the country in which the Issuer is incorporated, 
(ii) the principal financial center of the country of the currency in which the Notes are denominated (if the Note 
is denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro) and (iii) any additional financial center specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be); provided, however, that with respect to Notes denominated 
in Euro, such day is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET) System is open.
Forms of Notes
Bearer Notes
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes of each Tranche will be in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) and 
will initially be represented by one or more temporary global Notes or permanent global Notes, without interest 
coupons attached and, in the case of definitive Notes, will be serially numbered and will:
(i) 
if any such global Note is intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) (each an “ICSD” and together the “ICSDs”):
(a) records of the ICSDs. The principal amount and/or number of each Note represented by the 
global Note shall be the amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs, provided, 
however, that the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by a global Note shall be as 
set forth on the face of such note. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the 
records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount and/or number of 
each Note represented by the global Note and, for these purposes, a statement (which statement 
shall be made available to the bearer upon request) issued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount and/or number of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time;

--- Page 81 ---
70
(b) on any redemption or payment of an installment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase 
and cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by such global Note the Issuer shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment, or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any 
such entry being made, the principal amount and/or number of the Notes recorded in the records 
of the ICSDs and represented by the global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount and/or number of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the 
aggregate amount of such installment so paid; and
(ii) if any such global Note is to be issued in classic global note form (“CGN”), be delivered to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
recognized or agreed clearing system.
Bearer Notes in definitive form will be issued with coupons attached. Except as set out below, title to Bearer 
Notes and any coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agent (as defined 
below) may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out 
in the next succeeding sentence. For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, each 
person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a particular principal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, the right to which shall 
be vested, as against the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any Paying Agent solely in the bearer of the relevant 
global Note in accordance with and subject to its terms (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “Holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global 
Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
References herein to “Bearer Notes” shall, except where otherwise indicated, include interests in a temporary 
or permanent global Note as well as definitive Notes and any coupons attached thereto.
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether (i) United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), (the “TEFRA C Rules”), (ii) United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) or (iii) if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days (including unilateral rights to rollover or extend), neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules, are applicable to the Notes. If so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the case of a Bearer Note to which the TEFRA D Rules have not been specified to apply, the Bearer 
Notes may be represented upon issue by one or more permanent global Notes.
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than 365 days (including unilateral rights to rollover or extend) 
and interest coupons pertaining to such Note, if any, will bear the following legend: “Any United States person 
who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.”
In general, Bearer Notes that are subject to the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to United States persons. In particular, if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the TEFRA D Rules apply, the Bearer Notes may not be delivered, offered, sold or resold, 
directly or indirectly, in connection with their original issuance or during the Restricted Period (as defined 
below), in the United States (as defined below) or to or for the account of any United States person (as defined 
below), other than to certain persons as provided under United States Treasury Regulations. An offer or sale 
will be considered to be made to a person within the United States if the offeror or seller has an address within 
the United States for the offeree or purchaser with respect to the offer or sale. In addition, any underwriters, 
agents and dealers will represent that they have procedures reasonably designed to ensure that their 
employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware of the restrictions on the 
offering, sale, resale or delivery of Bearer Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
71
As used herein, “United States” means the United States (including the States and the District of Columbia), 
its territories and its possessions. “United States person” means (i) a citizen or individual resident of the 
United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the 
United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (iii) an estate or a trust the income of which is 
subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. “Restricted Period” with respect to each 
Tranche of Notes means the period which begins on the earlier of the settlement date (or the date on which 
the Issuer receives the proceeds of the sale of Bearer Notes of such Tranche), or the first date on which the 
Bearer Notes of such Tranche are offered to persons other than the Dealers, and which ends 40 days after 
the settlement date (or the date on which the Issuer receives the proceeds of the sale of such Bearer Notes); 
provided that with respect to a Bearer Note held as part of an unsold allotment or subscription, any offer or 
sale of such Bearer Note by the Issuer or any Dealer shall be deemed to be during the Restricted Period. An 
“Ownership Certificate” is a certificate (in a form to be provided), signed or sent by the beneficial owner of 
the relevant Bearer Note or by a financial institution or clearing organization through which the beneficial owner 
holds the Bearer Note providing certification that the beneficial owner is not a United States person or person 
who has purchased for resale to any United States person as required by United States Treasury Regulations.
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Bearer Note will be represented initially by a 
temporary global Note, without interest coupons which will (a) if the temporary global Note is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the Original Issue Date 
of the Tranche of Notes to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) if the 
temporary global Note is to be issued in CGN form, be delivered on or prior to the Original Issue Date of the 
Tranche of Notes to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other 
recognized or agreed clearing system in the case of a temporary global Note issued in CGN form. Upon 
deposit of each such temporary global Note, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will 
credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. The interests of the beneficial owner or owners in a temporary global Note will be 
exchangeable after the expiration of the Restricted Period (the “Exchange Date”) for an interest in a 
permanent global Note which will (a) if the permanent global Note is intended to be issued in NGN form, as 
stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (b) if the permanent global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered to a 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for credit to the account designated by or 
on behalf of the beneficial owner thereof, or for definitive Bearer Notes or definitive Registered Notes, as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms; provided, however, that such exchange will be made only upon receipt 
of Ownership Certificates in the case of Bearer Notes to which the TEFRA D Rules have been specified to 
apply.
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of a Bearer Note to which the TEFRA D Rules have 
not been specified to apply, the Bearer Notes may be represented upon issue by one or more permanent 
global Notes.
Registered Notes
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes of each Tranche will be in fully registered form (“Registered 
Notes”). The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
“Regulation S Global Note”). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered 
or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions 
on transfer.
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons 
in private transactions to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act (“QIBs”). The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in 
registered form (a “Rule 144A Global Note” and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, the “Registered 
Global Notes”).
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (and in either case the “Register”). Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered

--- Page 83 ---
72
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form.
The Rule 144A Global Note will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will be made 
to the person shown on the Register as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the 
Issuer, any Paying Agent or any Registrar (as defined below) will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests.
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will 
be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined below) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that paragraph.
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons, receipts or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) in the case of Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to 
act as depositary for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
fourteen days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention to 
permanently cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is 
available or (iii) the Issuer is in default.
In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the relevant Registrar.
Exchange and Transfer of Notes
A temporary global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part for definitive Bearer Notes (i) if Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, has informed the Issuer 
that it has or they have, as the case may be, ceased or will cease to act as the clearing system(s) in respect 
of the relevant temporary global Note or, (ii) if required by law; but only, in each case, in the case of Bearer 
Notes to which the TEFRA D Rules have been specified to apply, on or after the Exchange Date and upon 
delivery of Ownership Certificates. No definitive Bearer Note will be delivered in or to the United States or to 
a United States person, except as specifically provided by applicable United States Treasury Regulations. In 
the event that the relevant temporary global Note is not, in the case of (i) or (ii) above, duly exchanged for 
definitive Bearer Notes then the terms of such temporary global Note provide for relevant account holders with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, to be able to 
enforce against the Issuer all rights which they would have had if they had been holding definitive Bearer 
Notes of the relevant value at the time of such event. Payments by the Issuer to the relevant account holders 
will be considered as payments to the relevant Noteholder and operate as full and final discharge to the Issuer 
in this respect.
A permanent global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part for definitive Bearer Notes (i) if Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, has informed the Issuer 
that it has or they have, as the case may be, ceased or will cease to act as the clearing system(s) in respect 
of the relevant permanent global Note or, (ii) if an Event of Default occurs, unless such event is remedied 
within seven days of its occurrence. In order to make such request the holder must, not less than 45 days 
before the date on which delivery of definitive Bearer Notes is required, deposit the relevant permanent global 
Note with the relevant Paying Agent (as defined below) at its specified office outside the United States for the 
purposes of the Notes with the form of exchange notice endorsed thereon duly completed. No definitive Bearer 
Note will be delivered in or to the United States or to a United States person, except as specifically provided 
by applicable United States Treasury Regulations. In the event that the relevant permanent global Note is not,

--- Page 84 ---
73
in the case of (i) or (ii) above, duly exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes then the terms of such permanent 
global Note provide for relevant account holders with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
agreed clearing system as applicable, to be able to enforce against the Issuer all rights which they would have 
had if they had been holding definitive Bearer Notes of the relevant value at the time of such event. Payments 
by the Issuer to the relevant account holders will be considered as payments to the relevant Noteholder and 
operate as full and final discharge to the Issuer in this respect.
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject to the terms of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, definitive 
Bearer Notes (along with all unmatured coupons, and all matured coupons, if any, in default) will be 
exchangeable at the option of the holder into Registered Notes of any authorized denominations of like tenor 
and in an equal aggregate principal amount, in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
at the office of the relevant Registrar or at the office of any Transfer Agent outside the United States designated 
by the Issuer for such purpose. See “Registrar and Transfer Agents” below. Definitive Bearer Notes 
surrendered in exchange for Registered Notes after the close of business at any such office (i) on or after any 
record date for the payment of interest (a “Regular Record Date”) on a Registered Note on an Interest 
Payment Date (as defined below) and before the close of business at such office on the date prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or (ii) on or after any record date to be established for the payment of defaulted 
interest on a Registered Note (“Special Record Date”) and before the opening of business at such office on 
the related proposed date for payment of defaulted interest, shall be surrendered without the coupon relating 
to such date for payment of interest. Definitive Bearer Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes 
in other authorized denominations, in an equal aggregate principal amount, in accordance with the provisions 
of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and at the offices of any Paying Agent outside the United States appointed 
by the Issuer for such purpose. See “Registrar and Transfer Agents” below.
Registered Notes will be exchangeable for Registered Notes in other authorized denominations, in an equal 
aggregate principal amount upon surrender of any such Notes to be exchanged at the offices of the relevant 
Registrar or any transfer agent designated by the Issuer for such purpose. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes. Registered Notes may be presented for registration of transfer at the offices 
of the relevant Registrar or any transfer agent designated by the Issuer and for such purpose. See “Registrar 
and Transfer Agents” below. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of 
Notes but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer taxes payable in connection 
therewith. Except as described above, Bearer Notes and any coupons appertaining thereto will be transferable 
by delivery. See “Forms of Notes—Bearer Notes” above.
The Issuer shall not be required (i) to register the transfer of or exchange Notes to be redeemed for a period 
of fifteen calendar days preceding the first publication of the relevant notice of redemption, or if Registered 
Notes are outstanding and there is no publication, the mailing of the relevant notice of redemption, (ii) to 
register the transfer of or exchange any Registered Note selected for redemption or surrendered for optional 
repayment, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed or unpaid portion of any such Registered Note being 
redeemed or repaid, as the case may be, in part, (iii) to exchange any Bearer Note selected for redemption or 
surrendered for optional repayment, except that such Bearer Note may be exchanged for a Registered Note 
of like tenor, provided that such Registered Note shall be simultaneously surrendered for redemption or 
repayment, as the case may be, or (iv) to register transfer of or exchange any Notes surrendered for optional 
repayment, in whole or in part.
Payments and Paying Agents
Principal and premium, if any, and interest, if any, payable on a Bearer Note represented by a temporary 
global Note or any portion thereof in respect of an Interest Payment Date will be paid in the Specified Currency 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) by the relevant Paying Agent to each of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with respect to that portion of such temporary global Note 
held for its account (upon presentation to the Non-U.S. Paying Agent of the temporary global Note, if the 
temporary global Note is not issued in NGN form) and, in the case of a Note to which the TEFRA D Rules 
have been specified to apply, upon delivery of an Ownership Certificate signed by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, dated no earlier than such Interest Payment Date, which certificate must 
be based on Ownership Certificates provided to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
by its member organizations. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will in 
such circumstances credit any principal and interest received by it in respect of such temporary global Note 
or any portion thereof to the accounts of the beneficial owners thereof.

--- Page 85 ---
74
Principal and premium, if any, and interest, if any, payable on a Bearer Note represented by a permanent 
global Note in respect of an Interest Payment Date will be paid in the Specified Currency (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) by the relevant Paying Agent to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, with respect to that portion of such permanent global Note held for its 
account (upon presentation to the Non-U.S. Paying Agent of the permanent global Note if the permanent 
global Note is not issued in NGN form). Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will in such 
circumstances credit any principal and interest received by it in respect of such permanent global Note to the 
respective accounts of the beneficial owners of such permanent global Note at maturity, redemption or 
repayment or on such Interest Payment Date, as the case may be. If a Registered Note is issued in exchange 
for a permanent global Note after the close of business at the office or agency where such exchange occurs 
(a) on or after any Regular Record Date and before the opening of business at such office or agency on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or (b) on or after any Special Record Date and before the opening of business 
at such office or agency on the related proposed date for payment of defaulted interest, any interest or 
defaulted interest, as the case may be, will not be payable on such Interest Payment Date or proposed date 
for payment, as the case may be, in respect of such Registered Note, but will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Date or proposed date for payment, as the case may be, only to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will in such circumstances credit any such interest 
to the account of the beneficial owner of such permanent global Note on such Regular Record Date or Special 
Record Date, as the case may be. Payment of principal and of premium, if any, and any interest due at maturity, 
redemption or repayment (in the event, with respect to payment of interest, that any such maturity date or 
redemption or repayment date is other than an Interest Payment Date) in respect of any permanent global 
Note will be made to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in immediately available funds.
Payments of principal and of premium, if any, and interest on definitive Bearer Notes will be made in 
immediately available funds in the Specified Currency (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), subject to any applicable laws and regulations, only against presentation and surrender of such Note 
and any coupons at the offices of a Paying Agent outside the United States or, at the option of the holder by 
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account maintained by the payee with a bank located outside 
the United States if appropriate wire instructions have been received by a Paying Agent not less than 10 
calendar days prior to an applicable payment date. No payment with respect to any Bearer Note will be made 
at any office or agency of the Issuer in the United States or by wire transfer to an account maintained with a 
bank located in the United States, except as may be permitted under United States federal tax laws and 
regulations then in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of principal and of premium, if any, and 
interest on Bearer Notes denominated and payable in U.S. Dollars will be made at the office of the paying 
agent of the Issuer, in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, if and only if (i) payment of the full 
amount thereof in U.S. Dollars at all offices or agencies outside the United States is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (ii) such paying agent in the Borough of 
Manhattan, The City of New York, under applicable law and regulations, would be able to make such payment.
Payment of principal and of premium, if any, and interest on Registered Notes at maturity or upon redemption 
or repayment will be made in immediately available funds in the Specified Currency (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) against presentation of such Note at the office of the relevant Paying 
Agent. Payment of interest on Registered Notes will be made to the person in whose name such Note is 
registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date next preceding the Interest Payment Date 
either by check mailed to the address of the person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the 
security register or by wire transfer to an account selected by the person entitled thereto if appropriate wire 
instructions have been received by the relevant Paying Agent not less than 10 calendar days prior to the 
applicable payment date; provided, however, that (i) if the Issuer fails to pay such interest on such Interest 
Payment Date, such defaulted interest will be paid to the person in whose name such Note is registered at 
the close of business on the Special Record Date and (ii) interest payable at maturity, redemption or 
repayment will be payable to the person to whom principal shall be payable. The first payment of interest on 
any Registered Note originally issued between a Regular Record Date and an Interest Payment Date will be 
made on the Interest Payment Date following the next succeeding Regular Record Date to the registered 
owner on such next Regular Record Date. Interest rates and interest rate formulae are subject to change by 
the Issuer from time to time but no such change will affect any Note theretofore issued. Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Dates and the Regular Record Dates for Fixed 
Rate Notes shall be as described below under “Fixed Rate Notes.” The Interest Payment Dates for Floating 
Rate Notes shall be as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in such Note, and, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Regular Record Date for a Registered Floating Rate Note will be 
the calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 86 ---
75
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as 
defined below) as the registered holder of the Registered Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying and Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. Payments of interest in 
respect of Registered Notes shall be made to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Record Date”).  For the avoidance of doubt, the Record 
Date for Registered Notes that are held through an ICSD shall be the business day prior to each Interest 
Payment Date.
Pursuant to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Issuer has initially designated Bank of America, National 
Association, London Branch as its non-U.S. Paying agent (in such capacity, and including any successor non-
U.S. paying agent appointed thereunder, the “Non-U.S. Paying Agent”) and Bank of America, National 
Association as its U.S. paying agent for Notes sold within the United States, (in such capacity and including 
any successor U.S. paying agent appointed thereunder, the “U.S. Paying Agent,” and together with the Non-
U.S. Paying Agent and any other paying agents appointed by the Issuer, the “Paying Agents”). So long as 
any Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on or by any stock exchange, competent authority and/or 
market, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in each location, if any, required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or market(s) on or by 
which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. So long as any Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading on or by any stock exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of such exchange, 
competent authority and/or market so require, the Issuer will notify the holders of its Notes in the manner 
specified under “Notices” below in the event that the Issuer appoints a Paying Agent with respect to such 
Notes other than the Paying Agents designated as such in this Base Prospectus or in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Any monies paid by the Issuer to any Paying Agent for the payment of principal of, premium, if any and interest 
(and Additional Amounts, if any) with respect to the Notes and remaining unclaimed at the end of one month 
after the date on which such monies first became payable shall be repaid to the Issuer and the holders of the 
Notes shall thereafter look only to the Issuer for payment. The Notes shall become void unless presented for 
payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date therefor.
“Entitlement” is defined to include any distribution of cash or securities, being the payment due date, as 
determined by the terms and conditions, for cash or the settlement date for securities.
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the holders of the Notes as described under “Notices” below.
Registrar and Transfer Agents
Pursuant to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Issuer has initially designated Bank of America, National 
Association as U.S. registrar in respect of the Rule 144A Global Notes and also the Regulation S Global Notes 
which are deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC (in such capacity 
and including any successor U.S. registrar appointed thereunder, the “U.S. Registrar”). Additionally, the 
Issuer has initially designated Bank of America Europe DAC, as European registrar in respect of the 
Regulation S Global Notes which are deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of 
a common nominee of Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system (in such capacity and including 
any successor European registrar appointed thereunder, the “European Registrar,” and, together with the 
U.S. Registrar and any other registrar appointed by the Issuer, the “Registrars”). The Issuer has initially 
designated Bank of America, National Association, London Branch as non-U.S. transfer agent in respect of 
the Notes (in such capacity and including any successor non-U.S. transfer agent appointed thereunder, the 
“Non-U.S. Transfer Agent”). Additionally, the Issuer has initially designated Bank of America, National 
Association as U.S. transfer agent in respect of the Notes (in such capacity and including any successor U.S. 
transfer agent in respect of the Notes, the “U.S. Transfer Agent” and, together with the Non-U.S. Transfer 
Agent and any other transfer agent appointed by the Issuer, the “Transfer Agents”). For so long as any Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading on or by any stock exchange, competent authority and/or market, the 
Issuer will maintain a Transfer Agent with a specified office in each location required by the rules and

--- Page 87 ---
76
regulations of the relevant stock exchange, competent authority and/or market. Any initial designation by the 
Issuer of the Registrar or a Transfer Agent may be rescinded at any time. The Issuer may at any time designate 
additional Transfer Agents with respect to the Notes. So long as any Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading 
on or by any stock exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of such exchange, competent 
authority and/or market so require, the Issuer will notify the holders of its Notes in the manner specified under 
“Notices” below in the event that the Issuer appoints a Registrar or Transfer Agent with respect to such Notes 
other than the Registrar and Transfer Agents designated as such in this Base Prospectus or in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Optional Redemption
Each applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Tranche of Notes of a Series cannot be 
redeemed prior to maturity (other than as provided under “Redemption Prior to Maturity Solely for Taxation 
Reasons” below) or that the Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer, and such Final Terms shall 
specify the price at which such Notes are to be redeemed, including, but not limited to, any USD Make Whole 
Amount or Non-USD Make Whole Amount, in each case as defined below (the “Optional Redemption Price”) 
and the relevant date upon which such Notes will be so redeemed (each such date, an “Issuer Optional 
Redemption Date”); provided, however, that Notes denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars may 
be subject to different restrictions on redemption as set forth under “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign 
Currency Notes—Minimum Denominations, Restrictions on Maturities, Repayment and Redemption” herein. 
Notice of any redemption to holders of Bearer Notes shall be published as described under “Notices” below 
once in each of three successive calendar weeks, the first publication to be not less than 30 nor more than 60 
calendar days prior to the Issuer Optional Redemption Date. Notice of any redemption to holders of Registered 
Notes shall be provided as described under “Notices” below at least 30 and not more than 60 calendar days 
prior to the Issuer Optional Redemption Date.
Optional Redemption by Issuer in Foreign Currency
The “Non-USD Make Whole Amount” per Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of: (i) the principal 
amount of the relevant Note to be redeemed; (ii) the Applicable Premium; and (iii) accrued interest thereon to 
the Issuer Optional Redemption Date and any Additional Amounts payable with respect thereto. “Applicable 
Premium” means the excess, if any, of (i) the present value, discounted with the Benchmark Yield plus a 
spread to be indicated in the applicable Final Terms, on such redemption date of  (A) the principal amount per 
Note, plus (B) all remaining scheduled interest payments per Note to (but excluding interest accrued through 
the Issuer Optional Redemption Date), over (ii) the principal amount per Note. The “Benchmark Yield” shall 
be the yield to maturity at the Redemption Calculation Date of a benchmark security with a constant maturity 
(as compiled and published in a publicly available source of market data selected by the Issuer) most nearly 
equal to the period from the Issuer Optional Redemption Date to the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if 
the period from the Issuer Optional Redemption Date to the Maturity Date is not equal to the constant maturity 
of such benchmark security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Benchmark Yield shall be obtained 
by a linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of 
such benchmark security for which such yields are given, except that if the period from the Issuer Optional 
Redemption Date to the Maturity Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on such actually traded 
benchmark security adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used. “Redemption Calculation Date” 
means the sixth Business Day prior to the date on which the Notes are redeemed pursuant to this section.
Optional Redemption by Issuer in USD
The “USD Make Whole Amount” per Note shall be an amount equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal 
amount of the Notes and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest thereon (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption 
date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury 
Rate plus an amount of basis points to be specified in the applicable Final Terms, plus, in each case, accrued 
interest thereon to the date of redemption and any Additional Amounts payable with respect thereto.
On and after the redemption date, interest on the Notes or any portion of the Notes called for redemption will 
cease to accrue (unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price and accrued interest). On 
or before the redemption date, the Issuer will deposit with the relevant Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay 
the redemption price and accrued interest, through the redemption date, on the Notes subject to redemption. 
If the redemption date falls after a record date but on or prior to the corresponding interest payment date, the 
Issuer will pay accrued interest to the holder of record on the corresponding record date, which may or may

--- Page 88 ---
77
not be the person who will receive payment of the redemption price (which will exclude such accrued interest). 
If less than all the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed that are held through a clearing 
system will be selected in accordance with the procedures of such clearing system and Notes not held through 
a clearing system by lot or pro rata.
“Comparable Treasury Issue” means the United States Treasury security or securities selected by an 
Independent Investment Banker as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes.
“Comparable Treasury Price” means, with respect to any redemption date, (A) the average, as calculated 
by the Issuer, of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Issuer obtains fewer than four 
such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.
“Independent Investment Banker” means one of the Reference Treasury Dealers appointed by the Issuer. 
“Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any 
redemption date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable 
Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Issuer 
by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 3:30 p.m. New York time on the third business day preceding such 
redemption date.
“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semiannual 
equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated (on a day count basis) of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming 
a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
“Reference Treasury Dealer” means each of the Dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms, or their 
respective affiliates or successors which are primary U.S. government securities Dealers, and no less than 
two other leading primary U.S. government securities Dealers in the City of New York reasonably designated 
by the Issuer; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing or their affiliates shall cease to be a primary U.S. 
government securities dealer in the City of New York (a “Primary Treasury Dealer”), the Issuer shall substitute 
therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer.
Repayment at the Noteholders’ Option; Repurchase
If applicable, the Final Terms applicable to the Notes of a Tranche will indicate that such Notes will be 
repayable at the option of the holder on a date or dates specified prior to their stated maturity date (such 
option, “Optional Repayment” and each such date, a “Noteholder Optional Redemption Date”) and, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount outstanding 
thereof, together with accrued interest to, but not including, the relevant Noteholder Optional Redemption Date; 
provided, however, that Notes denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars may be subject to different 
restrictions on repayment as set forth under “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes—
Minimum Denominations, Restrictions on Maturities, Repayment and Redemption” herein. If no 
Noteholder Optional Redemption Date is included with respect to a Note, such Note will not be repayable at 
the option of the holder prior to its maturity.
In order for such a Note to be repaid, and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Paying Agent must receive at least 30 but not more than 60 calendar days prior to the Noteholder Optional 
Redemption Date, (i) the Note with the form entitled “Option to Elect Repayment” on the reverse of the Note 
duly completed or (ii) a telegram, facsimile transmission or letter from a commercial bank or trust company in 
Western Europe or the United States which must set forth the name of the holder of the Note (in the case of 
a Registered Note only), the principal amount of the Note, the principal amount of the Note to be repaid, the 
certificate number or a description of the tenor and terms of the Note, a statement that the option to elect 
repayment is being exercised thereby and a guarantee that the Note to be repaid, together with the duly 
completed form entitled “Option to Elect Repayment” on the reverse of the Note, will be received by the 
Paying Agent not later than the fifth Business Day after the date of such telegram, facsimile transmission or 
letter; provided, however, that such telegram, facsimile transmission or letter from a commercial bank or trust 
company in Western Europe or the United States shall only be effective in such case if such Note and form

--- Page 89 ---
78
duly completed are received by the relevant Paying Agent by such fifth Business Day. In the case of Global 
Notes, holders who wish to tender their Notes will be required to comply with the operating procedures for the 
relevant clearing system where such Notes are deposited. Exercise of the repayment option by the holder of 
a Note will be irrevocable. The repayment option may be exercised by the holder of a Note for less than the 
entire principal amount of the Note but, in that event, the principal amount of the Note remaining outstanding 
after repayment must be an authorized denomination. Partial redemption with respect to Notes in NGN form 
will be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either pool factor (whereby a 
percentage reduction is applied to the nominal amount) or reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion.
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Notes purchased 
by the Issuer will be surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.
Redemption Prior to Maturity Solely for Taxation Reasons
The Issuer may at its election, subject to applicable Chilean law, redeem any Series of the Notes in whole, 
but not in part, upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders of the Notes of such 
Series, at their principal amount outstanding, plus Additional Amounts (as defined in “—Payment of Additional 
Amounts”), if any, together with accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, if:
(i)
the Issuer certifies to the Fiscal and Paying Agent and any other relevant Paying Agent immediately 
prior to the giving of such notice that the Issuer has or will become obligated to pay Additional 
Amounts with respect to such Series of Notes (in excess of the 4.0% withholding tax payable on 
payments of interest on such Series of Notes) as a result of any change in or amendment to the laws 
or regulations of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined below), or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment occurs after the 
date of issuance of such Series of Notes; and
(ii)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer;
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of any 
such Series of Notes were then due. For the avoidance of doubt, a change in the jurisdiction of the Paying 
Agents shall be considered a reasonable measure.
Before giving notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal and Paying Agent and any other 
relevant Paying Agent an officers’ certificate stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption in 
accordance with the terms set forth in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and setting forth in reasonable detail a 
statement of the facts relating thereto. The statement will be accompanied by a written opinion of counsel to 
the effect, among other things, that:
(i)
the Issuer has become obligated to pay the Additional Amounts as a result of a change or amendment 
described above;
(ii)
the Issuer cannot avoid payment of the Additional Amounts by taking reasonable measures available 
to the Issuer; and
(iii) all governmental approvals necessary for the Issuer to effect the redemption have been obtained 
and are in full force and effect or specifying any such necessary approvals that as of the date of such 
opinion have not been obtained.

--- Page 90 ---
79
Interest and Interest Rates
General
Each Note will bear interest at either:
(a) a fixed rate; or 
(b) a floating rate determined by reference to an interest rate basis, which may be adjusted by a Spread 
and/or Spread Multiplier (as defined below). Any Floating Rate Note may also have either or both of 
the following:
(i)
a maximum interest rate limitation, or ceiling, on the rate at which interest may accrue during 
any interest period; and
(ii)
a minimum interest rate limitation, or floor, on the rate at which interest may accrue during 
any interest period, provided that if no minimum interest rate is specified or if the Final Terms 
indicate that the minimum interest rate is “not applicable,” then the minimum interest rate 
shall be zero.
The applicable Final Terms will designate:
(a) a fixed rate per annum, in which case such Notes will be “Fixed Rate Notes”; or
(b) one or more of the following interest rate bases as applicable to such Notes, in which case such 
Notes will be “Floating Rate Notes”:
(i)
the CD Rate, in which case such Notes will be “CD Rate Notes”;
(ii)
the Commercial Paper Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Commercial Paper Rate 
Notes”;
(iii)
the Eleventh District Cost of Funds Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Eleventh 
District Cost of Funds Rate Notes”;
(iv)
the Federal Funds Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Federal Funds Rate Notes”;
(v)
LIBOR, in which case such Notes will be “LIBOR Notes”;
(vi)
EURIBOR, in which case such Notes will be “EURIBOR Notes”;
(vii)
SOFR, in which case such Notes will be “SOFR Notes”;
(viii)
the Treasury Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Treasury Rate Notes”; or
(ix)
the Prime Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Prime Rate Notes.”
Each Note will bear interest from its date of issue or from the most recent date to which interest on such Note 
has been paid or duly provided for, at the annual rate, or at a rate determined pursuant to an interest rate 
formula, stated herein. Interest will accrue on a Note until the principal thereof is paid or made available for 
payment.
Interest will be payable on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity or on redemption or repayment, if any, 
except for:
(a) certain OID Notes; and
(b) Notes originally issued between a Regular Record Date and an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 91 ---
80
The first payment of interest on any Registered Note originally issued between a Regular Record Date and an 
Interest Payment Date will be made on the Interest Payment Date following the next succeeding Regular 
Record Date. Such interest will be payable by the Issuer to the registered owner on such next Regular Record 
Date. 
Interest will be payable on a Registered Note on each Interest Payment Date to the person in whose name 
such Note is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date next preceding the Interest 
Payment Date; provided, however, that:
(a) if the Issuer fails to pay such interest on such Interest Payment Date, such defaulted interest will be 
paid to the person in whose name such Registered Note is registered at the close of business on the 
record date to be established for the payment of defaulted interest; and
(b) interest payable at maturity, redemption or repayment will be payable to the person to whom principal 
shall be payable.
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(a) for Fixed Rate Notes, the Interest Payment Dates and any Regular Record Dates shall be as 
described below under “Fixed Rate Notes”; and
(b) for Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
the Interest Payment Dates shall be as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in such 
Note; and
(ii)
any Regular Record Date will be the Business Day next preceding each Interest Payment 
Date.
“LIBOR” means the London Inter-bank Offered Rate for deposits in a Designated LIBOR Currency.
“Spread” means the number of basis points expressed as a percentage (one basis point equals one-hundredth 
of a percentage point) that the calculation agent will add or subtract from the related Interest Rate Basis or 
Bases applicable to a Floating Rate Note.
“Spread Multiplier” means the percentage of the related Interest Rate Basis or Bases applicable to a Floating 
Rate Note by which the calculation agent will multiply such Interest Rate Basis or Bases to determine the 
applicable interest rate on such Floating Rate Note.
Fixed Rate Notes
General. Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest at the annual rate specified in the Note and in the applicable 
Final Terms (the “Fixed Rate of Interest”). Interest on the Fixed Rate Notes will be paid on the dates specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (each, a “Fixed Interest Payment Date”). The Regular Record Dates for Fixed 
Rate Notes in registered form will be on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the event that 
any Fixed Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date for any Fixed Rate Note is not a Business Day, interest on 
such Fixed Rate Note will be paid on the next succeeding Business Day without additional interest. If interest 
is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period (as defined below), such interest 
shall be calculated by applying the Fixed Rate of Interest to each specified denomination of the Notes of such 
Series, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards, or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
Day Count Fraction. “Fixed Day Count Fraction” means:
(1) in the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, “Actual/Actual (ICMA),” 
meaning:
(a)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Fixed Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the interest commencement date (the

--- Page 92 ---
81
“Interest Commencement Date”) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) to (but excluding) 
the relevant payment date (the “Calculation Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period (as defined below) during which the Calculation Period ends, the number 
of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of determination dates (each, a “Determination Date”) 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of:
(i)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and
(ii)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(2) in the case of Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars “30/360,” meaning the number of days in the period 
from and including the most recent Fixed Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) to but excluding the relevant 
payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 
30-day months) divided by 360.
Where:
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the final Fixed Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date).
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) a Fixed Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Fixed Interest Payment Date.
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent.
Floating Rate Notes
General. Floating Rate Notes generally will be issued as described below. Each applicable Final Terms will 
specify the following terms with respect to which such Floating Rate Note is being delivered:
(a) whether such Floating Rate Note is a Regular Floating Rate Note, a Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note 
or an Inverse Floating Rate Note, each as defined below;
(b) the Interest Rate Basis or Bases, Initial Interest Rate, Interest Reset Dates, Interest Reset Period, 
Regular Record Dates (if any) and Interest Payment Dates;
(c)
the Index Maturity;
(d) the Spread and/or Spread Multiplier, if any;
(e) the maximum interest rate and minimum interest rate, if any (provided that if no minimum interest 
rate is specified or if the Final Terms indicate that the minimum interest rate is “not applicable,” then 
the minimum interest rate shall be zero); and
(f)
the Designated LIBOR Currency, if one or more of the specified Interest Rate Bases is LIBOR.

--- Page 93 ---
82
The Issuer may change the Spread, Spread Multiplier, Index Maturity and other variable terms of the Floating 
Rate Notes from time to time. However, no such change will affect any Floating Rate Note previously issued 
or as to which an offer has been accepted by the Issuer.
The interest rate in effect on each day shall be:
(a) if such day is an Interest Reset Date, the interest rate determined on the Interest Determination Date 
immediately preceding such Interest Reset Date; or
(b) if such day is not an Interest Reset Date, the interest rate determined on the Interest Determination 
Date immediately preceding the next preceding Interest Reset Date.
Regular Floating Rate Note; Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note; Inverse Floating Rate Note
The Interest Rate Basis applicable to each Regular Floating Rate Note, Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note and 
Inverse Floating Rate Note may be subject to a Spread or Spread Multiplier, provided that the interest rate on 
an Inverse Floating Rate Note will not be less than zero.
Regular Floating Rate Note. A Regular Floating Rate Note will bear interest at the rate determined by reference 
to the applicable Interest Rate Basis. The rate at which interest shall be payable shall be reset as of each 
Interest Reset Date commencing on the Initial Interest Reset Date. However:
(a) the interest rate in effect for the period from the Original Issue Date to the Initial Interest Reset Date 
will be the Initial Interest Rate; and
(b) the interest rate in effect for the ten calendar days immediately prior to a Maturity Date shall be that 
in effect on the tenth calendar day preceding such Maturity Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note. A Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note will initially bear interest at the rate 
determined by reference to the applicable Interest Rate Basis. The rate at which interest shall be payable shall 
be reset as of each Interest Reset Date commencing on the Initial Interest Reset Date. However:
(a) the interest rate in effect for the period from the Original Issue Date to the Initial Interest Reset Date 
will be the Initial Interest Rate;
(b) the interest rate in effect for the 10 calendar days immediately prior to the fixed rate commencement 
date shall be that in effect on the tenth calendar day preceding the fixed rate commencement date, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(c)
the interest rate in effect commencing on, and including, the fixed rate commencement date to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Fixed Interest Rate, if such rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if no such Fixed Interest Rate is so specified and the Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note is still 
outstanding on such day, the interest rate in effect thereon on the day immediately preceding the 
fixed rate commencement date.
Inverse Floating Rate Note. An Inverse Floating Rate Note will bear interest equal to the Fixed Interest Rate 
specified in the related Final Terms minus the rate determined by reference to the Interest Rate Basis. The 
rate at which interest is payable shall be reset as of each Interest Reset Date commencing on the Initial Interest 
Reset Date. However:
(a) the interest rate in effect for the period from the Original Issue Date to the Initial Interest Reset Date 
will be the Initial Interest Rate; and
(b) the interest rate in effect for the ten calendar days immediately prior to a Maturity Date shall be that 
in effect on the tenth calendar day preceding such Maturity Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
83
Interest Rate Bases
Each Floating Rate Note will have one or more of the following interest rate bases, as specified in the Final 
Terms:
(a) the CD Rate;
(b) the Commercial Paper Rate;
(c)
the Eleventh District Cost of Funds Rate;
(d) the Federal Funds Rate;
(e) LIBOR;
(f)
EURIBOR;
(g) SOFR;
(h) the Treasury Rate;
(i)
the Prime Rate; or
(j)
the lowest of two or more Interest Rate Bases.
Date of Interest Rate Change
The interest rate on each Floating Rate Note may be reset daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (this period is the “Interest Reset Period” and the first 
day of each Interest Reset Period is the “Interest Reset Date”).
If an Interest Reset Date for any Floating Rate Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day, it will be 
postponed to the following Business Day, except that if that Business Day is in the next calendar month, the 
Interest Reset Date will be the immediately preceding Business Day.
How Interest Is Calculated
General. The Issuer will appoint a calculation agent to calculate interest rates on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Bank of America, National Association, London 
Branch will be the calculation agent for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. Floating Rate Notes will accrue 
interest from and including the original issue date or the last date to which the Issuer has paid or provided for 
interest, to but excluding the applicable Interest Payment Date, as described below, or the Maturity Date, as 
the case may be. However, in the case of Registered Notes that are Floating Rate Notes on which the interest 
rate is reset daily or weekly, each interest payment will include interest accrued from and including the date 
of issue or from but excluding the last Regular Record Date on which, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, interest has been paid, through and including the Regular Record Date next preceding 
the applicable Interest Payment Date, and provided further that the interest payments on Floating Rate Notes 
made on the Maturity Date will include interest accrued to but excluding such Maturity Date.
Day Count Fraction. The amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on any Series of Floating Rate 
Notes shall be calculated with respect to each specified denomination of such Floating Rate Notes of such 
Series for the relevant Interest Reset Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the relevant 
Interest Rate Basis, Spread and/or Spread Multiplier to each specified denomination and multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Floating Day Count Fraction.
“Floating Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of the Interest Amount for any Interest 
Reset Period:

--- Page 95 ---
84
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Reset Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Reset Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Reset Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Reset Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365);
(a) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Reset Period divided by 365;
(b) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Reset Period divided by 360;
(c)
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Reset Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Reset Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period 
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Reset Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Reset Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Reset Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(d) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Reset Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Reset Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period 
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Reset Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Reset Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 96 ---
85
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Reset Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(e) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Reset Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Reset Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period 
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Reset Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Reset Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Reset Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the calculation 
of the Interest Amount on any Floating Rate Note will (a) in the case of a Note denominated in U.S. Dollars, 
be Actual/360 or (b) in the case of a Note denominated in any other Specified Currency, be Actual/Actual. 
Notes for which the interest rate may be calculated with reference to two or more Interest Rate Bases will be 
calculated in each period by selecting one such Interest Rate Basis for such period. For these calculations, 
the interest rate in effect on any Interest Reset Date will be the new reset rate.
The calculation agent will round all percentages resulting from any calculation of the rate of interest on a 
Floating Rate Note, to the nearest 1/100,000 of 1% (0.0000001), with five one-millionths of a percentage point 
rounded upward (e.g., 9.876545% (or 0.09876545) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or 0.0987655)) and the 
calculation agent will round all currency amounts used in or resulting from any calculation to the nearest one-
hundredth of a unit (with 0.005 of a unit being rounded upward).
The calculation agent will promptly, and no later than the fourth Business Day, notify the Fiscal Agent and the 
Issuer of each determination of the interest rate. The calculation agent will also notify the relevant stock 
exchange, competent authority and/or market (in the case of Notes that are listed or admitted to trading on or 
by a stock exchange, competent authority and/or market) and the relevant Paying Agents of the interest rate, 
the interest amount, the interest period and the Interest Payment Date related to each Interest Reset Date as 
soon as such information is available, and no later than the first Business Day of the interest period. The 
relevant Paying Agents will make such information available to the holders of Notes. The Fiscal Agent will, 
upon the request of the holder of any Floating Rate Note, provide the interest rate then in effect and, if 
determined, the interest rate which will become effective as a result of a determination made with respect to 
the most recent Interest Determination Date relating to such Note.
So long as any Notes are listed on or by any exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of 
such exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or market(s) so require, the Issuer shall maintain a calculation 
agent for the Notes, and the Issuer will notify the holders of its Notes in the manner specified under “Notices” 
below in the event that the Issuer appoints a calculation agent with respect to such Notes other than the 
calculation agent designated as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
86
When Interest Is Paid
The Issuer will pay interest on Floating Rate Notes on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
such date upon which the Issuer is required to pay interest is an “Interest Payment Date.” The Issuer will 
also pay interest on the relevant Floating Rate Notes at the Maturity Date. 
If an Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date) for a Floating Rate Note falls on a day that is not a 
Business Day, the Issuer will postpone payment of interest to the following Business Day at which time the 
Issuer will pay additional interest that has accrued up to but excluding such following Business Day, except 
that if that Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, the Interest Payment Date will be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.
If the Maturity Date for a Floating Rate Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Issuer will make the 
payment on the next Business Day, without additional interest.
Date of Interest Rate Determination
The interest rate for each Interest Reset Period commencing on the Interest Reset Date will be the rate 
determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date for such Interest Reset Date for the relevant type of 
Floating Rate Note, as set forth in the applicable Final Terms.
Types of Floating Rate Notes
CD Rate Notes
Each CD Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on the CD Rate 
and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
“CD Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the rate on that Interest Determination 
Date for negotiable certificates of deposit having the specified Index Maturity as published in H.15(519) under 
the heading “CDs (secondary market).” 
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above:
(a) If the rate is not published in H.15(519) prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest 
Determination Date, then the CD Rate will be the rate for negotiable certificates of deposit having the 
specified Index Maturity as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic 
source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, under the caption “CDs (secondary market).”
(b) If the rate is not yet published in H.15(519), H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic 
source by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, the CD Rate will be the 
average of the secondary market offered rates, as of 10:00 a.m., New York City time, of three leading 
non-bank dealers of negotiable U.S. Dollar certificates of deposit in The City of New York selected 
by the calculation agent for negotiable certificates of deposit of major money market banks with a 
remaining maturity closest to the specified Index Maturity in a denomination of U.S.$5,000,000.
(c)
If fewer than three dealers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the 
prior interest period.
“H.15(519)” means the publication entitled “Statistical Release H.15(519), Selected Interest Rates,” or any 
successor publication published by the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System.
“H.15 Daily Update” means the daily update of H.15(519), available through the world-wide web site of the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
United 
States 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15/update/, or any successor service.

--- Page 98 ---
87
Commercial Paper Rate Notes
Each Commercial Paper Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on 
the Commercial Paper Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
“Commercial Paper Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the Money Market Yield 
of the rate on that Interest Determination Date for commercial paper having the specified Index Maturity as 
published in H.15(519) under the heading “Commercial Paper Nonfinancial.”
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above:
(a) If the rate is not published in H.15(519) prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest 
Determination Date, then the Commercial Paper Rate will be the Money Market Yield of the rate for 
commercial paper having the specified Index Maturity as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such 
other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, under the caption 
“Commercial Paper Nonfinancial.”
(b) If the rate is not published in H.15(519), H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source 
by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, the Commercial Paper Rate 
will be the Money Market Yield of the average for the offered rates, as of 11:00 a.m., New York City 
time, on that Interest Determination Date, of three leading dealers of commercial paper in The City 
of New York selected by the calculation agent for commercial paper having the specified Index 
Maturity placed for an industrial issuer whose bond rating is “AA,” or the equivalent, by a nationally 
recognized rating agency.
(c)
If fewer than three dealers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the 
prior interest period.
“Money Market Yield” means a yield (expressed as a percentage) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:
Money Market Yield =            D × 360           × 100
360 – (D x M)
where “D” refers to the applicable per annum rate for commercial paper quoted on a bank discount basis and 
expressed as a decimal, and “M” refers to the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being 
calculated.
Eleventh District Cost of Funds Rate Notes
Each Eleventh District Cost of Funds Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset 
periodically based on the Eleventh District Cost of Funds Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
“Eleventh District Cost of Funds Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the rate 
equal to the monthly weighted average cost of funds for the calendar month preceding such Interest 
Determination Date as set forth under the caption “11th District” on Reuters Screen COFI/ARMS (or such 
other page as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) as of 11:00 a.m. San Francisco time, on such Interest 
Determination Date.
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above:
(a) If such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen COFI/ARMS, the Eleventh District Cost of Funds 
Rate shall be the monthly weighted average cost of funds paid by member institutions of the Eleventh 
Federal Home Loan Bank District that was most recently announced by the Federal Home Loan Bank 
of San Francisco as such cost of funds for the calendar month preceding the date of such 
announcement.
(b) If the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco fails to announce such rate for the calendar month 
next preceding such Interest Determination Date, then the Eleventh District Cost of Funds Rate will 
be the same as the rate used in the prior interest period.

--- Page 99 ---
88
Federal Funds Rate Notes
Each Federal Funds Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on the 
Federal Funds Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
“Federal Funds Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date unless otherwise specified in 
any applicable Final Terms, the rate on specified dates for federal funds published in H.15(519) prior to 11:00 
a.m., New York City time, under the heading “Federal Funds Effective,” as such rate is displayed on Reuters 
Screen FEDFUNDS1 Page (or any such other page as specified in the applicable Final Terms).
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above:
(a) If the rate does not appear on Reuters Screen FEDFUNDS1 Page (or any other pages as may 
replace such pages on such service) or is not published in H.15(519) prior to 11:00 a.m., New York 
City time, on the Interest Determination Date, then the Federal Funds Rate will be the rate on such 
Interest Determination Date published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic 
source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, under the caption “Federal Funds (Effective).”
(b) If the rate does not appear on Reuters Screen FEDFUNDS1 Page (or any other pages as may 
replace such pages on such service) or is not published in H.15(519), H.15 Daily Update or another 
recognized electronic source by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, 
the Federal Funds Rate will be the average of the rates, as of 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on 
that Interest Determination Date, for the last transaction in overnight federal funds arranged by three 
leading brokers of federal funds transactions in The City of New York selected by the calculation 
agent.
(c)
If fewer than three brokers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the 
prior interest period.
LIBOR Notes
Each LIBOR Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on LIBOR and any 
Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
The calculation agent will determine LIBOR on each Interest Determination Date as follows:
(a) With respect to any Interest Determination Date, LIBOR will be generally determined as either:
(i)
If at least two offered rates appear on the Designated LIBOR Page, the average of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Designated LIBOR Currency having the specified Index Maturity 
beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date, that appear on the Designated LIBOR Page as 
of 11:00 a.m., London time, on that Interest Determination Date; or
(ii)
If fewer than two offered rates appear on the Designated LIBOR Page, the rate for deposits in 
the London interbank market in the Designated LIBOR Currency having the specified Index 
Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date, that appears on the Designated LIBOR 
Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on that Interest Determination Date.
(iii)
If no rate appears on the Designated LIBOR Page, LIBOR for that Interest Determination Date 
will be determined based on the rates on that Interest Determination Date at approximately 11:00 
a.m., London time, at which deposits on that date in the Designated LIBOR Currency for the 
period of the specified Index Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date are offered 
to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks (one of which may be an 
affiliate of the calculation agent) in that market selected by the calculation agent and in a 
Representative Amount. The calculation agent will request the principal London office of each 
of these banks to quote its rate. If the calculation agent receives at least two quotations, LIBOR 
will be the average of those quotations.
(b) If the calculation agent receives fewer than two quotations, LIBOR will be the average of the rates 
quoted at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date by three

--- Page 100 ---
89
major banks (one of which may be an affiliate of the calculation agent) in the principal financial center 
selected by the calculation agent. The rates will be for loans in the Designated LIBOR Currency to 
leading European banks having the specified Index Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset 
Date and in a Representative Amount.
(c)
If fewer than three banks provide quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the prior 
interest period.
“Designated LIBOR Currency” means the currency (including composite currencies and Euro) specified in 
the Final Terms as to which LIBOR shall be calculated. If no such currency is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Designated LIBOR Currency shall be U.S. Dollars.
“Designated LIBOR Page” means Capital Markets Report Screen LIBOR01 of Reuters, or any other page as 
may replace such page on such service.
Notwithstanding clauses (a) through (c) above, if the Designated LIBOR Currency is any currency other than 
U.S. dollars and if the Issuer, in its sole discretion, or the calculation agent, in its sole discretion, determine on 
or prior to an relevant Interest Determination Date that LIBOR has been permanently discontinued and the 
Issuer or the calculation agent have notified the other of such determination, the calculation agent will use, as 
a substitute for LIBOR (the “Alternative Rate”) for that Interest Determination Date and each Interest 
Determination Date thereafter, the reference rate selected as an alternative to LIBOR by the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
in the jurisdiction of the currency in which the LIBOR Notes are denominated and that is consistent with 
accepted market practice regarding the selection and use of a substitute for LIBOR. As part of such 
substitution, the calculation agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, make such adjustments 
(“Adjustments”) to the Alternative Rate or the spread thereon, as well as the business day convention, Interest 
Determination Dates and related provisions and definitions, in each case that are consistent with accepted 
market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for the LIBOR Notes. If the calculation agent determines, 
following consultation with the Issuer, that there is no clear market consensus as to whether any rate has 
replaced LIBOR in customary market usage, the Issuer may appoint, in its sole discretion, a new calculation 
agent, which may be the Issuer’s affiliate, to determine the Alternative Rate and make any Adjustments thereto, 
and the determinations of such calculation agent will be binding on the Issuer, the trustee and the holders of 
the LIBOR Notes. If, however, the calculation agent or new calculation agent determines that LIBOR has been 
discontinued, but for any reason an Alternative Rate has not been determined, LIBOR will be equal to such 
rate as the rate in effect for the LIBOR Notes on such Interest Determination Date.
Notwithstanding clauses (a) through (c) above, if the Designated LIBOR Currency is U.S. dollars and if the 
Issuer or its designee (which may be the Issuer’s affiliate), after consulting with the Issuer, determines on or 
prior to the relevant Interest Reset Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined below) have occurred with respect to LIBOR, then the provisions set forth 
below under the heading “—Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event and Related Benchmark Replacement 
Date,” which are referred to as the “benchmark transition provisions,” will thereafter apply to all determinations 
of the rate of interest payable on the LIBOR Notes during each subsequent Interest Reset Period. In 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the amount of interest that will be payable for each Interest 
Reset Period on the  LIBOR Notes will be determined by reference to a rate per annum equal to the Benchmark 
Replacement (as defined below).
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event and Related Benchmark Replacement Date
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee (which may be the Issuer’s affiliate), after consulting 
with the Issuer, determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time (as defined below) that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark for the LIBOR Notes, the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for the LIBOR Notes for all purposes relating to such LIBOR Notes during the Interest Reset Period 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer or its designee (which may be the Issuer’s affiliate), after consulting with the Issuer, 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

--- Page 101 ---
90
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to the benchmark transition provisions set forth herein, and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection:

will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion;

if made by the Issuer’s designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, and the Issuer’s 
designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Issuer objects; and

notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the LIBOR Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the LIBOR Notes or any other party.
The calculation agent shall have no liability for not making any determination, decision or election pursuant to 
the benchmark transition provisions. The Issuer may designate an entity (which entity may be a calculation 
agent or an affiliate of the Issuer) to make any determination, decision or election that the Issuer has the right 
to make in connection with the benchmark transition provisions.
Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Base Prospectus with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event and 
implementation of the applicable Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes:
“Benchmark” means, initially, LIBOR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.
“Benchmark Replacement” means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(if applicable), plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such Benchmark (if applicable); provided that 
if the calculation agent (after consulting with the Issuer) cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date, then “Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:
1.
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
2.
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
3.
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor (if any) and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
4.
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
5.
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee, after 
consulting with the Issuer, as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date:
1.
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body or determined by the Issuer or its designee, 
after consulting with the Issuer, in accordance with the method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, 
in each case for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 102 ---
91
2.
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
3.
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time.
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
changes to (1) any Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Reset Date, business day 
convention or interest period, (2) the manner, timing and frequency of determining rates and amounts of 
interest that are payable on the notes during the Interest Reset Period and the conventions relating to such 
determination and calculations with respect to interest, (3) the timing and frequency of making interest 
payments, (4) rounding conventions, (5) tenors and (6) any other terms or provisions of the notes during 
the Interest Reset Period, in each case that the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, 
determines, from time to time, to be appropriate to reflect the determination and implementation of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer, the 
calculation agent or the Issuer’s designee, after consulting with the Issuer, decides that implementation of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee, after 
consulting with the Issuer, determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, determines is 
appropriate).
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark:
1.
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark; or
2.
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark:
1.
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;
2.
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or
3.
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative.

--- Page 103 ---
92
“Compounded SOFR” means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate being established by the 
Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, in accordance with: (1) the rate, or methodology for 
this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
determining Compounded SOFR; provided that: (2) if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee, 
after consulting with the Issuer, determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance 
with clause (1) above, then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have 
been selected by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time.
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the 
then-current Benchmark.
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” means the website of the FRBNY at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.
“Interpolated Benchmark” with respect to the Benchmark (if applicable) means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Benchmark for the longest period (for 
which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Benchmark for 
the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor.  
“Benchmark” as used in clause (1) and (2) of the foregoing definition means the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable periods specified in such clauses without giving effect to the applicable index maturity (if any).
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time.
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor.
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is LIBOR, 
11:00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, and (2) if the Benchmark is not LIBOR, 
the time determined by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, in accordance with the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto.
“SOFR” with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the 
FRBNY, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York’s Website, or any successor source.
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based on SOFR 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body.
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
Additional Information about SOFR
As further described in this Base Prospectus, the rate of interest on the notes during the floating rate period, 
as applicable, will, in certain circumstances, be determined by reference to a rate based on SOFR.

--- Page 104 ---
93
In general, the following discussion relating to SOFR is based on information available on the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York’s Website. SOFR is published by the FRBNY and is intended to be a broad measure of the 
cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. FRBNY reports that SOFR includes 
all trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate, plus bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement (“repo”) 
transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation (the “FICC”), a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). SOFR is 
filtered by FRBNY to remove a portion of the foregoing transactions considered to be “specials.” According to 
FRBNY, “specials” are repos for specific-issue collateral which take place at cash-lending rates below those 
for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order 
to obtain a particular security.
FRBNY reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo data 
collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party repo 
market, as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo 
transactions cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. FRBNY notes that it obtains 
information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC.
If data for a given market segment were unavailable for any day, then the most recently available data for that 
segment would be utilized, with the rates on each transaction from that day adjusted to account for any change 
in the level of market rates in that segment over the intervening period. SOFR would be calculated from this 
adjusted prior day’s data for segments where current data were unavailable, and unadjusted data for any 
segments where data were available. To determine the change in the level of market rates over the intervening 
period for the missing market segment, the FRBNY would use information collected through a daily survey 
conducted by its trading desk of primary dealers’ repo borrowing activity. On June 3, 2019, the FRBNY used 
this daily survey mechanism to calculate SOFR for May 31, 2019, when access was disrupted to one of the 
three primary data sources used to calculate the SOFR.
FRBNY currently publishes SOFR daily on its website at https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. 
FRBNY states on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important disclaimers, 
limitations and indemnification obligations, including that FRBNY may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice.
Each U.S. government securities business day, the FRBNY publishes SOFR on its website at approximately 
8:00 a.m., New York City time. If errors are discovered in the transaction data provided by The Bank of New 
York Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC, or in the calculation process, subsequent to the initial publication of 
SOFR but on that same day, SOFR and the accompanying summary statistics may be republished at 
approximately 2:30 p.m., New York City time. Additionally, if transaction data from The Bank of New York 
Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC had previously not been available in time for publication, but became available 
later in the day, the affected rate or rates may be republished at around this time. Rate revisions will only be 
effected on the same day as initial publication and will only be republished if the change in the rate exceeds 
one basis point. Any time a rate is revised, a footnote to the FRBNY’s publication would indicate the revision. 
This revision threshold will be reviewed periodically by the FRBNY and may be changed based on market 
conditions.
SOFR is published by FRBNY based on data received from other sources, and the Issuer has no control over 
its determination, calculation or publication.
FRBNY started publishing SOFR in April 2018. FRBNY has also published historical indicative Secured 
Overnight Financing Rates dating back to 2014, although such historical indicative data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors should not rely on such historical indicative data or on 
any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR.
EURIBOR Notes
Each EURIBOR Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on EURIBOR 
and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
“EURIBOR” means the European Interbank Offered Rate and, with respect to each Interest Determination 
Date, the rate for deposits in Euro having the Index Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date

--- Page 105 ---
94
that appears on the Designated EURIBOR Page as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on that Interest 
Determination Date.
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above:
(a) If such rate does not appear on the Designated EURIBOR Page as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on 
the related Interest Determination Date, then the calculation agent will request the principal offices 
of four major banks (one of which may be an affiliate of the calculation agent) in the Euro-zone 
selected by the calculation agent to provide such bank’s offered quotation to prime banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market for deposits in Euro having the Index Maturity beginning on the relevant 
Interest Reset Date as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such Interest Determination Date and in a 
Representative Amount. If at least two quotations are provided, EURIBOR for that date will be the 
average (if necessary rounded upwards) of the quotations.
(b) If fewer than two quotations are provided, EURIBOR will be the average (if necessary rounded 
upwards) of the rates quoted by major banks (which may include an affiliate of the calculation agent) 
in the Euro-zone, selected by the calculation agent, at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on 
the Interest Determination Date for loans in Euro to leading European banks for a period of time 
corresponding to the Index Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date and in a 
Representative Amount.
(c)
If no rates are quoted by major banks, the rate will be the same as the rate used for the prior interest 
period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Issuer, in its sole discretion, or the calculation agent, in its sole discretion, 
determine on or prior to an Interest Determination Date that EURIBOR has been permanently discontinued 
and the Issuer or the calculation agent have notified the other of such determination, the calculation agent will 
use, as a substitute for EURIBOR (the “EURIBOR Alternative Rate”) for that Interest Determination Date and 
each Interest Determination Date thereafter, the reference rate selected as an alternative to EURIBOR by the 
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working 
group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the currency in which the EURIBOR Notes are denominated and that is 
consistent with accepted market practice regarding the selection and use of a substitute for EURIBOR. As 
part of such substitution, the calculation agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, make such adjustments 
(“Adjustments”) to the EURIBOR Alternative Rate or the spread thereon, as well as the business day 
convention, Interest Determination Dates and related provisions and definitions, in each case that are 
consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such EURIBOR Alternative Rate for the EURIBOR 
Notes. If the calculation agent determines, following consultation with the Issuer, that there is no clear market 
consensus as to whether any rate has replaced EURIBOR in customary market usage, the Issuer may appoint, 
in its sole discretion, a new calculation agent, which may be the Issuer’s affiliate, to determine the EURIBOR 
Alternative Rate and make any EURIBOR Adjustments thereto, and the determinations of such calculation 
agent will be binding on the Issuer, the trustee and the holders of the EURIBOR Notes. If, however, the 
calculation agent or new calculation agent determines that EURIBOR has been discontinued, but for any 
reason a EURIBOR Alternative Rate has not been determined, EURIBOR will be equal to such rate as the 
rate in effect for the EURIBOR Notes on such Interest Determination Date.
“Designated EURIBOR Page” means Capital Markets Report Screen EURIBOR01 of Reuters, or any other 
page as may replace such page on such service.
SOFR Notes
Each SOFR Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on SOFR and any 
Spread or Spread Multiplier.
If the Final Terms specify that the Interest Rate Basis will be SOFR, the following terms and conditions shall 
apply to the SOFR Notes:
(a) The rate of interest for each Interest Payment Period will be the Compounded Daily SOFR on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Spread or Spread Multiplier (if any), all as determined by the calculation agent, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards.

--- Page 106 ---
95
(b) The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of paragraph (a) above:
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any 
successor page or service;
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Payment Period, an amount equal to the rate 
of return for each calendar day during the Interest Payment Period, compounded daily, calculated by the 
calculation agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows:
(i)
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
Where:
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Period, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Payment Period;
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Payment Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Payment Period;
“Interest Determination Date” means the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Lookback Period before each Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Payment Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Lookback Period” or “p” means five U.S. Government Securities Business Days or such larger 
number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the relevant Interest 
Payment Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi+1;
“SOFRi” means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in 
respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the relevant 
Interest Payment Period, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the Lookback Period prior to 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi (“pUSBD”).
(ii)
if “SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
Where:

--- Page 107 ---
96
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Period, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Payment Period;
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Payment Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Payment Period;
“Interest Determination Date” shall be the Interest Payment Period End Date at the end of each 
Interest Payment Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Payment Period will be the SOFR Cut-Off Date;
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the dates occurring the number of Business Days equal to the 
Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Payment Period End Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Payment Period will be the Maturity Date or, 
if the Notes are to be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, such earlier date on which the Notes 
become due and payable;
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
“Interest Payment Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the relevant Interest 
Payment Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi+1; 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the relevant Interest 
Payment Period, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi. For 
purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with Payment Delay with respect to the final Interest 
Payment Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
period from and including the SOFR Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier 
date on which the Notes become due and payable, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in 
respect of such SOFR Cut-Off Date; and
“SOFR Cut-Off Date” means the fourth U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, such earlier date on 
which the Notes become due and payable (or such other number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms);
“Interest Payment Period” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York;
“NY Federal Reserve's Website” means the website of the NY Federal Reserve, currently at 
www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR;
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor page or 
service;
“SOFR” means the rate determined by the calculation agent in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, in accordance with the following provisions:
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day that appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website (the “SOFR Screen Page”) at

--- Page 108 ---
97
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the “SOFR Determination Time”), of, if no such rate is reported on the SOFR Screen Page for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is 
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page at the SOFR Determination Time or, if no 
such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= at the SOFR Determination Time; 
or
(ii)
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website; and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if the calculation agent (or Issuer) determines on or prior to 
the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth 
under “SOFR Replacement Provisions” below will apply to all determinations of SOFR for each Interest 
Payment Period thereafter.
SOFR Replacement Provisions
If the calculation agent, failing which the Issuer, determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time that 
a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the calculation agent will appoint an agent (the “Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent”) which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The SOFR Replacement will replace 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant rate of interest in respect of 
the relevant Interest Payment Period and each subsequent Interest Payment Period, subject to the 
occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date. The 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (w) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the calculation agent, (x) the Issuer, 
(y) an affiliate of the Issuer or the calculation agent or (z) such other entity that the calculation agent 
determines to be competent to carry out such role.
In connection with the implementation of a SOFR Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
will have the right to make appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the calculation agent, the Issuer or the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions: (i) will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the calculation agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the calculation agent, the Issuer or the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be); and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to any SOFR Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party.
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the calculation agent, failing which the Issuer, may 
subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that such SOFR Replacement has already been 
substituted for the SOFR Benchmark which it replaced and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in 
connection with such substitution have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall 
be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly.
In connection with the SOFR Replacement Provisions above, the following definitions shall apply:

--- Page 109 ---
98
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any 
successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the 
NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto;
“SOFR Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time 
that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded Daily SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark” means the applicable SOFR Replacement;
“SOFR Replacement” means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be determined 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date in accordance with:
(i)
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the relevant Final Terms; 
or
(ii)
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set forth below:
(1) Relevant Governmental Body Replacement;
(2) ISDA Fallback Replacement; and
(3) Industry Replacement,
provided that, in each case, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine 
the SOFR Replacement in accordance with each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR 
Replacement is determined;
“SOFR Replacement Alternatives” means:
(i)
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment (the “Relevant Governmental Body Replacement”);
(ii)
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the “ISDA 
Fallback Replacement”); or
(iii) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
“Industry Replacement”);
“SOFR Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable SOFR Replacement Date:

--- Page 110 ---
99
(i)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;
(ii)
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; or
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement 
of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time;
“SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any SOFR Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not limited to, changes to timing and 
frequency of determining rates with respect to each Interest Payment Period and making payments of 
interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention and other 
administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner);
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(i)
in the case of sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event,” the later of (1) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or
(ii)
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event,” the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein; or
(iii) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv), the last such consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the same day 
as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Replacement 
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination.
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the currency of the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR

--- Page 111 ---
100
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
or
(iv) the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor administrator) for six 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and
“Unadjusted SOFR Replacement” means the SOFR Replacement excluding the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment.
Treasury Rate Notes
Each Treasury Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be revised periodically based on the 
Treasury Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the rate for the most recent auction 
of direct obligations of the United States (“Treasury bills”) having the specified Index Maturity as it appears 
under the caption “INVEST RATE” on either Reuters Screen USAUCTION10 Page or Reuters Screen 
USAUCTION11 Page (or any other pages as may replace such pages on such service).
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above:
(a) If the rate is not so published by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, 
the rate will be the auction average rate for such Treasury bills (expressed as a bond equivalent, on 
the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days as applicable, and applied on a daily basis) for such auction 
as otherwise announced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury.
(b) If the results of the auction of Treasury bills are not so published by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, 
on the Interest Determination Date, or if no such auction is held, the Treasury Rate will be the rate 
(expressed as a bond equivalent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and applied 
on a daily basis) on such Interest Determination Date of such Treasury bills having the specified 
Index Maturity as published in H.15(519) under the caption “U.S. Government Securities/Treasury 
Bills/Auction high.”
(c)
If such rate is not so published in H.15(519) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the related Interest 
Determination Date, the rate on such Interest Determination Date of such Treasury bills will be as 
published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of 
displaying such rate, under the caption “U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Auction high.”
(d) If such rate is not yet published in H.15(519), H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic 
source, then the Treasury Rate will be a yield to maturity (expressed as a bond equivalent on the 
basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and applied on a daily basis) of the average of the 
secondary market bid rates as of approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest 
Determination Date, of three leading primary U.S. government securities dealers in The City of New 
York selected by the calculation agent for the issue of Treasury bills with a remaining maturity closest 
to the specified Index Maturity.
(e) If fewer than three dealers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the 
prior interest period.

--- Page 112 ---
101
Prime Rate Notes
Each Prime Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on the Prime 
Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier.
“Prime Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, unless otherwise specified in any 
applicable Final Terms, the rate set forth on that Interest Determination Date in H.15(519) under the heading 
“Bank Prime Loan.”
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above:
(a) If the rate is not published in H.15(519) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest 
Determination Date, then the Prime Rate will be the rate as published on such Interest Determination 
Date in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of 
displaying such rate under the caption “Bank Prime Loan.”
(b) If the rate is not published in H.15(519), H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source 
by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, then the Prime Rate will be the 
average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next higher one-hundred thousandth of a percentage 
point) of the rates publicly announced by each bank on the Reuters Screen USPRIME1 Page as its 
prime rate or base lending rate for that Interest Determination Date.
(c)
If fewer than four, but more than one, rates appear on the Reuters Screen USPRIME1 Page, the 
Prime Rate will be the average of the prime rates (quoted on the basis of the actual number of days 
in the year divided by a 360-day year) as of the close of business on the Interest Determination Date 
by four major money center banks in The City of New York selected by the calculation agent.
(d) If fewer than two rates appear, the Prime Rate will be determined based on the rates furnished in 
The City of New York by the appropriate number of substitute banks or trust companies organized 
and doing business under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, having total equity 
capital of at least U.S.$500 million and being subject to supervision or examination by a Federal or 
State authority, as selected by the calculation agent.
(e) If no banks are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used for the prior interest 
period.
Extendible Notes
Notes may be issued with an initial maturity date (the “Initial Maturity Date”) which may be extended from 
time to time upon the election of the holders on specified dates (each, an “Election Date”) up to a final maturity 
date (the “Final Maturity Date”) as set forth in the applicable Final Terms (“Extendible Notes”). The Final 
Terms relating to each issue of Extendible Notes will set forth the terms of such Notes, including the Initial 
Maturity Date, the Final Maturity Date and the Election Dates, and will also describe the manner in which 
holders may elect to extend the Notes and such other terms and conditions as may apply to such issue.
Additional Notes
The Issuer may issue Notes from time to time having terms identical to a prior Tranche of Notes but for the 
original issue date and the public offering price (“Additional Notes”). Any such Additional Notes that are 
Regulation S Global Notes will be issued in the form of a temporary global Note which will be exchangeable 
for a beneficial interest in a permanent global Note on or after the Exchange Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to such Additional Notes. Additional Notes may be issued prior to or after the Exchange 
Date relating to such prior Tranche of Notes of the same Series. In the event Additional Notes are issued prior 
to the Exchange Date for the prior Tranche, the Exchange Date relating to such prior Tranche shall be moved 
to a date not earlier than 40 calendar days after the original issue date of the related Additional Notes; provided, 
however, in no event shall the Exchange Date for a Tranche of Notes be extended to a date more than 160 
calendar days after the date such Tranche was issued. Once any Additional Notes have been issued, whether 
Regulation S Global Notes or Rule 144A Global Notes, such Additional Notes together with each prior and 
subsequent Tranche of Notes of the same Series, shall constitute one and the same Series of Notes for all 
purposes; provided, however, that in the case of Regulation S Global Notes, or Notes to which the TEFRA D

--- Page 113 ---
102
Rules apply, such consolidation of Additional Notes issued after the Exchange Date will occur only following 
the exchange of interests in the temporary global Note for interests in the permanent global Note upon receipt 
of certificates described below; and provided further that if the Additional Notes are not fungible with the earlier 
Notes for United States federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. 
The Final Terms relating to any Additional Notes will set forth matters related to the issuance, exchange and 
transfer of Additional Notes, including identifying the prior Tranche of Notes, their original issue date and 
aggregate principal amount. Any Additional Notes that are Bearer Notes will be subject to the same restrictions 
as are set forth under “Forms of Notes—Bearer Notes” above.
Covenants
The Issuer has agreed to restrictions on its activities for the benefit of holders of each Series of Notes. The 
following restrictions will apply separately to each Series of Notes:
Consolidation, Merger, Sale or Conveyance
The Issuer may not consolidate with or merge into any other corporation or convey or transfer its properties 
and assets substantially as an entirety to any person, unless:
(i)
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer is merged or the person which 
acquires by conveyance or transfer the properties and assets of the Issuer substantially as an entirety 
shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of Chile and shall 
expressly assume, by a supplemental Fiscal Agency Agreement, executed and delivered to the 
Fiscal and Paying Agent, in form satisfactory to the Fiscal and Paying Agent, the due and punctual 
payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on all the outstanding Notes and the 
performance of every covenant of the Fiscal Agency Agreement on the part of the Issuer to be 
performed or observed;
(ii)
immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after 
notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default, shall have happened and be 
continuing; and
(iii) The Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent an officers’ certificate and an opinion of counsel, 
each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer and such supplemental Fiscal 
Agency Agreement comply with the foregoing provisions relating to such transaction and all 
conditions precedent in the Fiscal Agency Agreement relating to such a transaction have been 
complied with. 
(iv) In case of any such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer such successor corporation will 
succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer as obligor on each Series of Notes with the same effect 
as if it had issued such Series of Notes. Upon the assumption of its obligations by any such successor 
corporation in such circumstances subject to certain exceptions, the Issuer will be discharged from 
all obligations under the Notes and the Fiscal Agency Agreement.
Periodic Reports
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that if the Issuer is not required to file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission information, documents, or reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 
it will file with the Fiscal Agent and the Securities and Exchange Commission the supplementary and periodic 
information, documents and reports required pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act in respect of a 
security of a “foreign private issuer” (as defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act) listed and registered on 
a national securities exchange.
Events of Default
An “Event of Default,” with respect to each Series of Notes is defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement as:
(i)
The Issuer’s default in the payment of any principal of any of the Notes of such Series (including 
Additional Amounts), when due and payable, whether at maturity or otherwise; or

--- Page 114 ---
103
(ii)
The Issuer’s default in the payment of any interest or any Additional Amounts when due and payable 
on any of the Notes of such Series and the continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or
(iii) The Issuer’s default in the performance or observance of any other term, covenant, warranty, or 
obligation in respect of the Notes of such Series or the Fiscal Agency Agreement, not otherwise 
expressly defined as an Event of Default in (i) or (ii) above, and the continuance of such default for 
more than 60 days after written notice of such default has been given to the Issuer by the Fiscal and 
Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders, or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of such Series outstanding specifying such default or breach and requiring it to 
be remedied and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default”; or
(iv) if any of the Issuer’s Indebtedness (as defined below) or that of its subsidiaries becomes due and 
repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness on the due date for such 
payment or within any originally applicable grace period or any security given by the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries for any Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same 
or if the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries default in making any payment when due (or within any 
originally applicable grace period in respect thereof) under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by 
the Issuer or such subsidiary (as the case may be) in relation to any Indebtedness of any other person, 
provided that no such event as aforesaid shall constitute an Event of Default unless such 
Indebtedness either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness in respect of which one or 
more of the events mentioned in this paragraph has occurred shall amount to at least 
U.S.$40,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency on the basis of the middle spot rate for any 
relevant currency against the U.S. dollar as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this 
paragraph operates); or
(v)
the entry of an order for relief against the Issuer under any Bankruptcy Law by a court or regulatory 
entity having jurisdiction in the premises or a decree or order by a court or regulatory entity having 
jurisdiction in the premises adjudging the Issuer a bankrupt or insolvent under any other applicable 
law, or the entry of a decree or order approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, 
arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Issuer under any Bankruptcy Law, or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official under any 
Bankruptcy Law, including a “síndico”) of the Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, or 
ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or
(vi) the consent by the Issuer to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the 
filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any Bankruptcy 
Law, or the consent by it to the filing of any such petition or to the appointment of a custodian, receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official under any Bankruptcy Law, 
including a “síndico”) of the Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts 
generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Issuer in furtherance of any 
such action.
The term “Bankruptcy Law” as used in this Section means (i) articles 120 et seq. of the Chilean Banking Law 
(D.F.L. 3 of 1997, as amended), (ii) the Chilean “Ley de Quiebras” (Law No. 20,720, as amended) or (iii) any 
other applicable law that amends, supplements or supersedes the Chilean Banking Law and/or the Ley de 
Quiebras, and any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law of any applicable 
jurisdiction.
For purposes of the above, “Indebtedness” means (a) any liability of such person (1) for borrowed money or 
under any reimbursement obligation relating to a letter of credit, financial bond or similar instrument or 
agreement, (2) evidenced by a bond, note, debenture or similar instrument or agreement (including a purchase 
money obligation) given in connection with the acquisition of any business, properties or assets of any kind 
(other than a trade payable or a current liability arising in the ordinary course of business or a performance 
bond or similar obligation) or (3) for the payment of money relating to any obligations under any capital lease 
of real or personal property; (b) any liability of others described in the preceding clause (a) that the person has 
guaranteed or that is otherwise its legal liability; and (c) any amendment, supplement, modification, deferral, 
renewal, extension or refunding of any liability of the types referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above.  For the 
purpose of determining any particular amount of Indebtedness under this definition, guarantees of (or

--- Page 115 ---
104
obligations with respect to letters of credit or financial bonds supporting) Indebtedness otherwise included in 
the determination of such amount shall also not be included.
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that if an Event of Default with respect to any Series of Notes 
described in paragraph (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above occurs and is continuing with respect to the Notes of any 
Series, then and in each and every such case, unless the principal of all the Notes of such Series shall have 
already become due and payable, the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
of such Series then outstanding hereunder (each such Series acting as a separate class), by notice in writing 
to the Issuer and to the Fiscal Agent, may declare the principal amount of all the Notes of such Series then 
outstanding and all accrued interest thereon to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such 
declaration the same shall become and shall be immediately due and payable, anything in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement or in the Notes of such Series contained to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default 
with respect to any Series of Notes described in paragraph (v) or (vi) of the above occurs and is continuing, 
then the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and all accrued interest thereon shall, without any 
notice to the Issuer or any other act on the part of the Fiscal Agent or any holder of the Notes, become and 
be immediately due and payable, anything in the Chilean Banking Law, the Fiscal Agency Agreement or in 
the Notes contained to the contrary notwithstanding.
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration has been made with respect to the Notes of such Series, 
the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such Series, by written 
notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if: 
(1) the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Fiscal and Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay: (i) all overdue 
installments of interest on the outstanding Notes of such Series, (ii) the principal of (and premium, if any, on) 
any outstanding Notes of such Series which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of 
acceleration, and interest thereon at the rate or rates prescribed therefor by the terms of the Notes of such 
Series, to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, (iii) interest upon overdue installments of interest 
at the rate or rates prescribed therefor by the terms of the Notes of such Series, to the extent that payment of 
such interest is lawful, and all sums paid or advanced by the Fiscal and Paying Agent hereunder and the 
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Fiscal and Paying Agent, its agents 
and counsel and all other amounts due the Fiscal and Paying Agent under Section 11(a); and (2) all Events 
of Default with respect to such Series of Notes, other than the nonpayment of the principal of the Notes of 
such Series which have become due solely by such acceleration, have been cured or waived. No such 
rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon.
Payment of Additional Amounts
The Issuer is required to make all payments in respect of each Series of Notes free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, fines, penalties, assessments 
or other governmental charges (or interest on those taxes, duties, fines, penalties, assessments or other 
governmental charges) (collectively, “Taxes”) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by, within or 
on behalf of the Republic of Chile (or any political subdivision or governmental authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax), or any other jurisdiction from or through which the Issuer makes any payment under a 
Series of Notes (or any political subdivision or governmental authority thereof or therein having power to tax) 
(each, a “Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction”) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event the Issuer will pay to the Holders of such Series of Notes, or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary to ensure that the net 
amounts received by the Holders of such Series of Notes or the relevant Paying Agent after such withholding 
or deduction shall not be less than the amounts of principal, interest and premium, if any, which would have 
been received in respect of such Series of Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that 
no such Additional Amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note:
(i)
in the case of payments for which presentation of such Note is required, presented for payment more 
than 30 days after the later of:
(a) the date on which such payment first became due, and
(b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the place of payment by the relevant Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which, the full amount having been so received, 
notice to that effect shall have been given to the Holders by the relevant Paying Agent, except 
to the extent that the Holder would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting 
such Note for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days;

--- Page 116 ---
105
(ii)
held by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for Taxes or other governmental charges imposed in 
respect of such Note by reason of such Holder having some present or former direct or indirect 
connection with the taxing jurisdiction imposing such tax, other than the mere holding of such Note 
or the receipt of payments or the enforcement of rights in respect thereto;
(iii) with respect to Taxes imposed on a payment to a Holder that would not have been imposed but for 
the failure of the Holder to comply with certification, information or other reporting requirements 
concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder, if compliance is required by statute or 
by regulation of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a precondition to relief or exemption from such 
Taxes;
(iv) with respect to Taxes imposed under: (a) Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (including regulations 
and official guidance thereunder), (b) any successor version thereof that is substantially comparable 
and not materially more onerous to comply with, (c) any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code or (d) any law, regulation, rule or practice implementing an intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code;
(v)
in the case of payments for which presentation of such Note is required, with respect to Taxes that 
would not have been imposed but for the presentation of such Note in the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction, unless such Note could not have been presented for payment elsewhere;
(vi) with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited liability 
company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment to the extent that payment would 
be required by the laws of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a 
member of that partnership, an interestholder in a limited liability company or a beneficial owner who 
would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the Holder; or
(vii) any combination of (i) through (vi).
As used in this section, a “Holder” shall mean, (a) with respect to any Registered Note, the person in whose 
name at the time such Registered Note is registered on the Register or (b) with respect to any Bearer Note, 
the bearer thereof.
References to principal, interest, premium or other amounts payable in respect of any Series of Notes also 
refer to any Additional Amounts that may be payable. Refunds, if any, of taxes with respect to which the Issuer 
pays Additional Amounts are for the Issuer’s account.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the limitations on the obligations of the Issuer to pay Additional Amounts set 
forth in clause (iii) will not apply if the provision of any certification, identification, information, documentation 
or other reporting requirement described in such clause (iii) would be materially more onerous, in form, in 
procedure or in the substance of information disclosed, to a Holder or beneficial owner of a note (taking into 
account any relevant differences between U.S. law, rules, regulations or administrative practice and the law, 
rules, regulations or administrative practice of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction) than comparable information 
or other reporting requirements imposed under U.S. tax law, regulations and administrative practice (such as 
Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN and W-9).
Except as described in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Issuer will pay when due any present or future stamp, 
transfer, court or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies imposed 
by the Republic of Chile (or any political subdivision or governmental authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax) with respect to the initial execution, delivery or registration of each Series of Notes or any other 
document or instrument relating thereto.
Modification of Fiscal Agency Agreement and Notes
The Fiscal Agency Agreement may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, without the consent of 
the holder of any Note of a Series for the purposes, among others, of curing any ambiguity, or of correcting or 
supplementing any defective or inconsistent provisions contained therein or to effect any assumption of the 
Issuer’s obligations thereunder and under the Notes of a Series under the circumstances described under

--- Page 117 ---
106
“Consolidation, Merger, Sale or Conveyance” above or in any other manner which the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent may deem necessary or desirable and which, in the sole determination of the Issuer, will not adversely 
affect the interests of the holders of Notes of a Series outstanding on the date of such amendment. Nothing 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement prevents the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent from amending the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement in such a manner as to only have a prospective effect on Notes issued on or after the date of such 
amendment.
Modifications and amendments to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, to the terms and conditions of the Notes 
of a Series may also be made, and future compliance therewith or past Events of Default by the Issuer may 
be waived, by holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes of such Series (or, in each 
case, such lesser amount as shall have acted at a meeting of holders of such Notes, as described below), 
provided, however, that no such modification or amendment to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, or to the terms 
and conditions of the Notes of a Series may, without the consent of the holders of each Note of such Series 
affected thereby, among other things, (a) change the stated maturity of the principal of any Note of such Series 
or extend the time for payment of interest thereon; (b) reduce the principal amount of any Note of such Series 
or reduce the amount of interest payable thereon or the amount payable thereon in the event of redemption 
or acceleration (or in the case of OID Notes, change the amount that would be due and payable upon an 
acceleration thereof); (c) change the currency of payment of principal of or any other amounts payable on any 
Note of such Series; (d) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or with 
respect to any Note of such Series; (e) reduce the above-stated percentage of the principal amount of Notes 
of such Series, the consent of whose holders is necessary to modify or amend the Fiscal Agency Agreement, 
the terms and conditions of the Notes or reduce the percentage of Notes of such Series required for the taking 
of action or the quorum required at any such meeting of holders of Notes of such Series; or (f) modify the 
foregoing requirements to reduce the percentage of outstanding Notes of such Series necessary to waive any 
future compliance or past default. The persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Notes of 
a Series outstanding shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of Noteholders of such Series except as 
hereinafter provided. In the absence of such a quorum, a meeting of Noteholders called by the Issuer shall be 
adjourned for a period of not less than 10 days, and in the absence of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, 
the meeting shall be further adjourned for another period of not less than 10 days, at which further adjourned 
meeting persons entitled to vote 25% in principal amount of Notes of a Series at the time outstanding shall 
constitute a quorum. Except for modifications or amendments in (a) to (f) above which require the consent of 
the holders of each Note of such series affected thereby, any modifications, amendments or waivers to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Notes of a Series at a meeting of Noteholders 
require a favorable vote of holders of the lesser of (i) a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
of such Series or (ii) 75% of the principal amount of Notes of such Series represented and voting at the meeting. 
Any such modifications, amendments or waivers will be conclusive and binding on all holders of Notes of such 
Series, whether or not they have given such consent or were present at such meeting and whether or not 
notation of such modifications, amendments or waivers is made upon the Notes, and on all future holders of 
Notes of such Series. Any instruments given by or on behalf of any holder of a Note of a Series in connection 
with any consent to any such modification, amendment or waiver will be irrevocable once given and will be 
conclusive and binding on all subsequent holders of such Note.
Replacement of Notes and Coupons
Any Notes or coupons that become mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen or are apparently destroyed, lost or 
stolen will be replaced by the Issuer at the expense of the holder upon delivery of the Notes or coupons or 
satisfactory evidence of the destruction, loss or theft thereof to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. In each case, 
an indemnity satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may be required at the expense of the holder of 
such Note or coupon before a replacement Note or coupon will be issued. For so long as the Notes are listed 
or admitted to trading on or by any other stock exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of 
such stock exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or market(s) so require, a noteholder shall be able to 
obtain a replacement Note or coupon at the offices of the paying agent located in each location required by 
the rules and regulations of such stock exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or market(s).
Applicable Law
The Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws 
of the State of New York, United States of America.

--- Page 118 ---
107
Notices
The Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing.  Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication).
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will also be given by mailing such notices to each holder by first class 
mail, postage prepaid, at the respective address of each holder as that address appears upon the books of 
the relevant Registrar.
So long as no definitive Bearer Notes are in issue in respect of a particular Series, there may, so long as the 
global Note(s) for such Series is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and/or another clearance system, as the case may be, and the Notes for such Series are not 
listed and/or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, competent authority and/or market, or if so listed or 
admitted to trading, for so long as the relevant stock exchange, competent authority and/or market so permits, 
be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other clearance system for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other clearance system.
Notices to be given by a Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the related 
Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent. While any Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be 
given by a Noteholder to the Fiscal Agent via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or such other 
clearance system, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or such other clearance system may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 119 ---
108
Consent to Service
The Issuer has designated CT Corporation System, presently located at 28 Liberty Street, New York, New 
York 10005, as authorized agent for service of process in any legal action or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes brought in any federal or state court in the Borough of 
Manhattan, the City of New York, State of New York.
Consent to Jurisdiction
(a) The Issuer irrevocably consents to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any court of the State of New York 
or any United States Federal court sitting, in each case, in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of 
New York, New York, United States of America, and any appellate court from any thereof, and waives 
any immunity from the jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding that may be 
brought by the Fiscal and Paying Agent or a holder in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
or the Notes. The Issuer irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to 
any suit, action or proceeding that may be brought in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
or the Notes in such courts on the grounds of venue or on the ground that any such suit, action or 
proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Issuer agrees that final judgment in any 
such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer 
and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of which the Issuer is subject by a suit upon such 
judgment; provided that service of process is effected upon the Issuer in the manner provided by the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any suit, action or proceeding brought in 
connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes against the Issuer may be instituted in 
any competent court in the Chile.
(b) The Issuer agrees that service of all writs, process and summonses in any suit, action or proceeding 
brought in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes against the Issuer in any court 
of the State of New York or any United States Federal court sitting, in each case, in the Borough of 
Manhattan, The City of New York, may be made upon CT Corporation System, presently located at 
28 Liberty Street, New York, New York 10005.
(c) Nothing in this Section shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner 
permitted by law or affect the right of any party to bring any action or proceeding against any other 
party or its property in the courts of other jurisdictions.
Judgment Currency
The Issuer agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the 
purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal 
of, or premium or interest, if any, on the Notes of any Series (the “Required Currency”) into a currency in 
which a judgment will be rendered (the “Judgment Currency”), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate 
at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Fiscal and Paying Agent could purchase the 
Required Currency with the Judgment Currency and (b) its obligations under the Fiscal Agency Agreement to 
make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, or any recovery 
pursuant to any judgment (whether or not entered in accordance with subsection (a)), in any currency other 
than the Required Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, 
by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be payable in respect of such payments, 
(ii) shall be enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of recovering in the 
Required Currency the amount, if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the 
Required Currency so expressed to be payable and (iii) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for 
any other sum due under the Fiscal Agency Agreement.

--- Page 120 ---
109
[Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Program (1) with a denomination equal to or higher than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated 
market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access.]1
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
FINAL 
TERMS 
NO. 
[●] 
Dated [●]
BANCO SANTANDER-CHILE (the “Issuer”)
ISSUE OF MEDIUM-TERM NOTES
[●]% [Fixed Rate][Floating Rate] Notes Due [●]
Series No.: [●]
PART A CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be 
included if applicable] . Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
[BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
[specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name 
of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] 
[does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain authorization or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]
1 Where the Note is (i) not the subject of a public offer which requires the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation and (ii) not listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and not admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area and in the United 
Kingdom, all references to the Prospectus Regulation and final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, shall 
be deleted.

--- Page 121 ---
110
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
or superseded (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: (a) the expression retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”)  and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and (b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.]
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the purposes 
of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed 
capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]
THE NOTES DESCRIBED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS 
OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE NOTES DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THESE FINAL TERMS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND 
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE 
FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS.  ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION 
OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED.  FAILURE TO 
COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE 
APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with 
the base prospectus dated June 24, 2022 [, together with the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]] ([collectively,] 
the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been, and these 
Final Terms will be, published on the website of the Issuer (https://santandercl.gcs-web.com/debt-market-
risk). None of the information contained on the Issuer’s website is incorporated by reference into, or forms part 
of, this document.
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that Base Prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 122 ---
111
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]], which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated June 24, 2022. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated June 24, 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.
The Base Prospectus and the Base Prospectus dated [date], including the Conditions have been published 
on the websites of Euronext Dublin and the Issuer ([address]).]
1.
General Information:
(i)
Series Number: 
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide details of 
that Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible.] 
(iii) Trade Date:
[●]
(iv) Settlement Date (Original Issue Date):
[●]
(v)
Maturity Date:
[●]
(vi) Specified Currency:
[●]
(vii) Principal 
Amount 
(in 
Specified 
Currency):
[●]
(viii) Dealer’s Discount or Commission:
[●]
(ix) Issue Price:
[●]
(x)
Ranking:
[Senior][Subordinated]
2.
Payment of Additional Amounts:
[Applicable/Not applicable]
3.
Authorization/Approval
(i)
Date 
of 
Board 
approval 
for issuance of Notes obtained:
[●] [Not applicable]
4.
Fixed Rate Notes Only Interest Rate:
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(ii)
Fixed Interest Rate:
[●]
(iii) Interest Payment Period:
[Annual]
[Semi-Annual] 
[Quarterly] [Monthly]
(iv) Fixed Interest Payment Dates:
Each [●], commencing [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [in the case of Notes denominated in U.S. 
Dollars]

--- Page 123 ---
112
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[in 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars]
(vi) Regular Record Dates (if any):
[The 15th calendar day prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] [The business day prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(vii) Determination Dates:
[Each [●]] [Not applicable] [relevant only to Registered 
Notes]
(viii) Interest Commencement Date:
[●] [Not applicable]
5.
Floating Rate Notes Only Interest Rate:
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Calculation: 
[Regular Floating Rate]
[Floating Rate/Fixed Rate]
[Inverse Floating Rate]
(ii)
Interest Rate Basis:
[CD Rate] [Commercial Paper Rate] [Eleventh District 
Cost of Funds Rate] [Federal Funds Rate] [LIBOR] 
[EURIBOR] [SOFR] [Treasury Rate] [Prime Rate]
(iii) Benchmark Administrator
[●]
(iv) Spread (Plus or Minus):
[plus/minus [●]%]
(v)
Spread Multiplier:
[●]
(vi) Index Maturity:
[●] Months
(vii) Designated LIBOR Currency:
[●]
(viii) Maximum Interest Rate:
[●]
(ix) Minimum Interest Rate:
[●]
(x)
Interest Payment Period:
[Daily/Monthly/Quarterly/Semi-annually]
(xi) Interest Payment Date:
Each [list interest payment dates]
(xii) Initial Interest Rate Per Annum:
To be determined [●] Business Days prior to the Original 
Issue Date based upon [interest rate basis plus/minus 
the spread amount]
(xiii) Interest Reset Periods and Dates:
[Daily/monthly/quarterly/semi-annually] on each Interest 
Payment Date
(xiv) Interest Determination Date:
[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Reset Date
(xv) Regular Record Dates (if any):
[The 15th calendar day prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] [The business day prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] [relevant only to Registered Notes] [Not applicable] 
(xvi)Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 124 ---
113
(xvii)  Calculation Agent:
[Fiscal Agent] [Other][if Other, insert name]
(xviii) Calculation Method:
[Not Applicable] [SOFR Compound with 
Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with Payment Delay]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR)
(xix) Interest Payment Delay:
[Not Applicable] [[specify] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Include where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR and the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound 
with Payment Delay)
(xx) Interest Payment Period End Dates:
[Not Applicable] [specify] (Include where the Reference 
Rate is SOFR and the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay)
(xxi) SOFR Cut-Off Date:
[Not Applicable] [As per the Base Prospectus]/[[specify] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days] (Include 
where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the Calculation 
Method is SOFR Compound with Payment Delay)
(xxii) SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
Priority:
[Not Applicable] [As per the Base Prospectus]/[specify 
order of priority of SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
listed in item (ii) of the definition of “SOFR 
Replacement” contained in the Base Prospectus]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR)
(xxiii) Lookback Period (“p”):
[Not Applicable] [[specify] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days]/[As per the Base Prospectus]] (Include 
where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the Calculation 
Method is SOFR Compound with Lookback))
6.
Repayment and Redemption:
(i)
Issuer Optional Redemption Date:
[Applicable/Not Applicable][if applicable, provide date]
(ii)
Noteholder Optional Redemption Date:
[Applicable/Not Applicable][if applicable, provide date]
(iii) Optional Redemption Price:
[Applicable/Not applicable] [if applicable, specify agent 
calculating the Make Whole Amount] [if applicable, 
specify spread]
(iv) Tax Redemption:
[Applicable. The Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s 
option in whole (but not in part), upon giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders of the 
Notes, at the principal amount outstanding plus 
Additional Amounts, if any, together with accrued and 
unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption if the 
Issuer has or will become obligated to pay Additional 
Amounts with respect to the Notes in excess of the 4.0% 
withholding tax currently payable on payments of interest 
on such Notes as a result of any change in or 
amendment to the laws or regulations in Chile, and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer, as set forth 
in the Base Prospectus under “Description of the 
Notes— Redemption Prior to Maturity Solely for Taxation 
Reasons.”][Not applicable.] 
(v)
Calculation Agent:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Fiscal Agent] [Other]

--- Page 125 ---
114
7.
Extendible Notes:
(i)
Initial Maturity Date:
[●]
(ii)
Election Date:
[●]
(iii) Final Maturity Date:
[●]
8.
Form of Notes:
(i)
Temporary global Note to permanent 
global Note
[Applicable/Not applicable][Bearer/Registered]
(ii)
Permanent global Note
[Applicable/Not applicable][Bearer/Registered]
(iii) Bearer Note
[Applicable/Not applicable]
(iv) Registered Notes
[Applicable/Not applicable]
(v)
New global Note
[Applicable/Not applicable][Bearer]
(vi) Exchange of temporary global Notes 
into definitive Bearer Notes:
[Not applicable][Specify Exchange Date]
(vii) Exchange of permanent global Notes 
into definitive Bearer Notes:
[Not applicable] [Specify Exchange Date]
(viii) Exchange of definitive Bearer Notes 
into Registered Notes:
[Not applicable] [Specify Exchange Date]
(ix) Exchange of Registered Notes into 
Registered Notes in other authorized 
denominations:
[Not applicable] [Specify Exchange Date]
9.
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
10. Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:
11. Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
12. Prospectus Regulation:
13. Distribution:
14. Denominations:
15. Managers:
(i)
The Notes are being purchased[, on a several and 
not joint basis,] by the following financial institutions 
(each a “Manager” and collectively, the “Managers”) in 
the respective amounts set forth next to the name of 
each Manager pursuant to a Terms Agreement 
between Issuer and the Managers dated [●], executed 
[Rule 144A restrictions on transfers and 
Regulation S Compliance Category 2]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Exempt/Non-exempt Offer]
[Rule 144A/Regulation S]
The Notes will be available in 
denominations of [●] and integral multiples 
of [●] in excess thereof.
[●]: [●](List all Managers (legal names) (List 
amount)
Total: [●]

--- Page 126 ---
115
under the Dealer Agreement.  To the extent that any 
of the Managers are not named as Dealers in the 
Dealer Agreement, Banco Santander-Chile has 
appointed them as Dealers thereunder for this 
transaction pursuant to the relevant Terms Agreement.
(ii)
Stabilizing manager(s) 
[●][Not applicable]
Part B Other Information
1.
Admissions to Listing and Trading:
[(i) Application [has been][is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•] 
[the Issue Date].]
[(ii) Application [has been][is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the [regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[[regulated market] 
[Freiverkehr] of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange]/[regulated market of the SIX Swiss Exchange] with effect 
from [•] [the Issue Date].]
[Estimated total expenses related to the admission to trading
[•]]
[Not Applicable]
2.
Ratings:
The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to be] 
rated:
(i)
Moody’s:  
[●][Not applicable]
(ii)
Standard & Poor’s:  
[●][Not applicable]
(iii)
Fitch:  
[●][Not applicable]
(iv)
[Other]:  
[●][Insert the full legal name of credit rating 
agency]
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating 
agency] is [not] incorporated in the European 
Union [or][and] registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No 513/2011.]
3.
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue:
[●]/[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.  The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and/or may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and/or may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]
4.
Use of Proceeds, Estimated Net Proceeds and 
Total Expenses:
(i)
Use of proceeds:
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds to Banco Santander-Chile 
(in Specified Currency):
[General corporate purposes][●]
[●]

--- Page 127 ---
116
(iii)
Estimated total expenses:
[●]
5.
Fixed Rate Notes only Yield:
(i)
Indication of yield as of the Original Issue Date:  
[●][Not applicable]
6.
Operational Information:
(i)
ISIN:
[●]
(ii)
Common Code:
[●]
(iii)
Book-entry Clearing Systems:
[Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V.][Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A.][The 
Depository 
Trust 
Company]
(iv) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[Not applicable] [●]
7.
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria 
be 
amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include  this 
text for registered notes] . Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]]

--- Page 128 ---
117
TAXATION
Chilean Taxation
The following is a general overview of the principal consequences under Chilean tax law with respect to an 
investment in the Notes made by a Foreign Holder (as defined below). It is based on the tax laws of Chile as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, as well as regulations, rulings and decisions of Chile available 
on or before such date and now in effect. All of the foregoing are subject to change. Under Chilean law, 
provisions contained in statutes such as tax rates applicable to foreign investors, the computation of taxable 
income for Chilean purposes and the manner in which Chilean taxes are imposed and collected may be 
amended only by another law. In addition, the Chilean tax authorities enact rulings and regulations of either 
general or specific application and interpret the provisions of Chilean tax law. Chilean tax law may not be 
assessed retroactively against taxpayers who act in good faith relying on such rulings, regulations or 
interpretations, but Chilean tax authorities may change their rulings, regulations or interpretations 
prospectively. For purposes of this overview, the term “Foreign Holder” means either (1) in the case of an 
individual, a person who is not resident or domiciled in Chile (for purposes of Chilean taxation, (a) an individual 
holder is resident in Chile if he or she has remained in Chile , whether continuously or not, for a period or 
periods greater than 183 days, within any 12-month period. and (b) an individual is domiciled in Chile if he or 
she resides in Chile with the actual or presumptive intent of staying in Chile (such intention to be evidenced 
by circumstances such as the acceptance of employment in Chile or the relocation of one’s family to Chile)); 
or (2) in the case of a legal entity, a legal entity that is not organized under the laws of Chile, unless the Notes 
are assigned to a branch or a permanent establishment of such entity in Chile.
Under the Ley de Impuesto a la Renta (the “Income Tax Law”), payments of interest or premium, if any, made 
to a Foreign Holder in respect of the Notes will generally be subject to a Chilean withholding tax currently at 
the rate of 4%. Under existing Chilean law and regulations, a Foreign Holder will not be subject to any Chilean 
taxes in respect of payments of principal made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes. The Issuer has agreed, 
subject to specific exceptions and limitations, to pay to the holders of the Notes Additional Amounts in respect 
of the Taxes mentioned above in order that the interest the Foreign Holder receives, net of such Taxes, equals 
the amount which would have been received by such Foreign Holder in the absence of such Taxes. If the 
Issuer pays Additional Amounts in respect of such Chilean withholding taxes, any refunds of such Additional 
Amounts will be for the account of the Issuer. See “Description of the Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts.”
The Income Tax Law provides that a Foreign Holder is subject to income tax on his Chilean source income. 
For this purpose, Chilean source income means earnings from activities performed in Chile or from the sale, 
disposition or other transactions in connection with assets or goods located in Chile. As of this date, capital 
gain earned by a Foreign Holder on the sale or other disposition of a note issued abroad by a Chilean company 
will be considered foreign source income. Therefore, any capital gains realized on the sale or other disposition 
by a Foreign Holder of the Notes generally will not be subject to any Chilean taxes.
A Foreign Holder will not be liable for estate, gift, inheritance or similar taxes with respect to its holdings unless 
Notes held by a Foreign Holder are either located in Chile at the time of such Foreign Holder’s death, or, if the 
Notes are not located in Chile at the time of a Foreign Holder’s death, if such Notes were purchased or 
acquired with cash obtained from Chilean sources. A Foreign Holder will not be liable for Chilean stamp, 
registration or similar taxes.
The issuance of the Notes is subject to a maximum 0.8% stamp tax which will be payable by the Issuer. If the 
stamp tax is not paid when due, Chile’s Stamp Tax Law imposes a penalty of three times the amount of the 
tax plus inflation adjustments and interest. Until such tax (and any penalty) is paid, Chilean courts will not 
enforce any action brought with respect to the Notes. The Issuer has agreed, subject to specific exceptions 
and limitations, to pay to the holders of the Notes, any present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes, 
charges or levies that arise in the Republic of Chile from the execution, delivery, enforcement or registration 
of the Notes or any other document or instrument in relation thereto and the Issuer has agreed to indemnify 
holders of Notes for any such taxes, charges or similar levies paid by holders. Due to COVID-19, the Chilean 
government announced the reduction of stamp tax rate to 0% for loan operations entered between April 1 and 
September 30 of year 2020. This measure is a reduction of the tax rate, thus, technically, these operations 
are still taxable but subject to a $0 tax. Consequently, all formal obligations shall be fulfilled, including filling 
tax returns. See “Description of the Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts.”

--- Page 129 ---
118
United States Federal Income Taxation
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition 
of Registered Notes. This disclosure does not address Bearer Notes, which generally may not be offered or 
sold in the United States or to U.S. Holders (as defined below). This discussion applies only to Notes that are:

purchased by those initial holders who purchase the Notes at their “issue price,” which generally will 
equal the first price to the public (not including bond houses, brokers or similar persons or 
organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers) at which a 
substantial amount of the Notes is sold for money;

held as capital assets (generally, property held for investment purposes); and

beneficially owned by U.S. Holders.
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences, including Medicare Contribution Tax 
consequences, that may be relevant to a holder in light of its particular circumstances or to holders subject to 
special rules, such as:

financial institutions;

regulated investment companies;

insurance companies;

real estate investment trusts;

dealers in securities;

traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;

persons holding Notes as part of a hedging transaction, straddle or other integrated transaction;

persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

partnerships or other entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes;

persons required for U.S. federal income tax purposes to conform the timing of income accruals with 
respect to the Notes to its financial statements under Section 451(b) of the Code (as defined below); 
or

persons that own, or are deemed to own, ten percent or more of any class of the Issuer’s stock.
If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 
holds Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the 
partner and the activities of the partnership. Thus, partnerships holding Notes and partners therein should 
consult their tax advisers.
This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), administrative 
pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, changes to any 
of which subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein, 
possibly with retroactive effect. It also does not address the consequences of the Medicare contribution tax, 
alternative minimum tax, or any U.S. Federal non-income tax (such as estate and gift tax). Persons considering 
the purchase of Notes are urged to consult their tax advisers with regard to the application of the U.S. federal 
income tax laws to their particular situations, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any 
state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.

--- Page 130 ---
119
This discussion applies only to Notes that are classified as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
This discussion does not apply to every type of Registered Note that may be issued under the Program, 
including certain Floating Rate Notes and Extendible Notes. In particular, this discussion does not address 
the tax consequences of any Notes that are treated under applicable Treasury regulations as providing for 
contingent payments and subject to special rules thereunder. Additional material U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of any such Notes will be addressed in an applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus.
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a beneficial owner of a 
Note that is:

a citizen or individual resident of the United States;

a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the 
United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; or

an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its 
source.
Payments of Interest. Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at 
the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, provided that the interest is qualified stated interest (as defined below). Any amounts 
withheld with respect to interest paid on the Notes and any Additional Amounts paid with respect to interest 
will be treated as ordinary interest income. Interest income earned by a U.S. Holder with respect to a Note will 
constitute foreign-source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant in calculating 
the U.S. Holder’s foreign tax credit limitation. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex and, 
therefore, U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the availability of foreign tax credits in 
their particular circumstances. Instead of claiming a credit, a U.S. Holder may, at its election, deduct withheld 
taxes in computing its taxable income. An election to deduct foreign taxes instead of claiming foreign tax 
credits must apply to all applicable foreign taxes paid or accrued in the taxable year.
Special rules governing the treatment of interest paid with respect to OID Notes, including certain Variable 
Rate Notes and Foreign Currency Notes are described under “–Original Issue Discount” and “–Foreign 
Currency Notes” below.
Original Issue Discount. A Note that is issued at an issue price less than its “stated redemption price at maturity” 
will be considered to have been issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and 
will be referred to in this section as an “OID Note”) unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as 
described below). The “stated redemption price at maturity” of a Note will equal the sum of all payments 
required under the Note other than payments of “qualified stated interest.” “Qualified stated interest” is stated 
interest unconditionally payable as a series of payments in cash or property (other than in debt instruments of 
the Issuer) at least annually during the entire term of the Note and equal to the outstanding principal balance 
of the Note multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest or, subject to certain conditions, based on one or more 
floating rates or indices.
All stated interest on a Variable Rate Note (as defined below) will constitute qualified stated interest if the Note 
provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the 
term thereof that is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments of the Issuer) at 
least annually. Therefore, such a Variable Rate Note will not be treated as having been issued with original 
issue discount unless it is issued at a “true” discount (i.e., at a price below the Note’s stated principal amount 
that equals or exceeds a specified de minimis amount). In general, a “Variable Rate Note” is a Note that 
provides for one or more qualified floating rates of interest, a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating 
rates, a single objective rate, or a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating 
rate (as such terms are defined in applicable Treasury regulations), provided that the issue price of the Note 
does not exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the Note by more than an amount 
equal to the lesser of (x) 0.015 multiplied by the product of the total noncontingent principal payments and the 
number of complete years to maturity from the issue date and (y) 15% of the total noncontingent principal 
payments.
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of such rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which

--- Page 131 ---
120
the Variable Rate Note is denominated. An interest rate that is based on the product of a qualified floating 
rate, or that subjects a qualified floating rate to a cap, floor, governor or similar restriction, may also be treated 
as a qualified floating rate if certain conditions are satisfied. An “objective rate” is generally a rate that is 
determined using a single fixed formula and that is based on objective financial or economic information. If a 
Variable Rate Note provides for two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have 
approximately the same values throughout the term of the Note, the qualified floating rates together constitute 
a single qualified floating rate. Two or more qualified floating rates will be conclusively presumed to meet the 
requirements of the preceding sentence if the values of the applicable rates on the issue date are within 1/4 
of one percent of each other. If interest on a debt instrument is stated at a fixed rate for an initial period of one 
year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a 
subsequent period, and the value of the variable rate on the issue date is intended to approximate the fixed 
rate, the fixed rate and the variable rate together constitute a single qualified floating rate or objective rate. If, 
after application of these rules, a Variable Rate Note is treated as having been issued with interest other than 
qualified stated interest or as issued at a “true” discount, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such Note 
will be more fully described in the applicable supplement to the base prospectus.
If the difference between a Note’s stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of one percent of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of 
complete years to maturity (or weighted average maturity if any amount included in the stated redemption 
price at maturity is payable before maturity), then the Note will not be considered to have original issue 
discount.
Subject to the rules applicable to Short-Term Notes discussed below, a U.S. Holder of an OID Note will be 
required to include any qualified stated interest payments in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes and will be required to include original issue 
discount in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes as it accrues, in accordance with a constant-yield 
method based on a compounding of interest. Under this method, U.S. Holders of OID Notes generally will be 
required to include in income increasingly greater amounts of original issue discount in successive accrual 
periods.
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note (including 
stated interest and original issue discount or de minimis original issue discount, as adjusted by any amortizable 
bond premium) in accordance with a constant-yield method based on the compounding of interest (a 
“constant-yield election”).
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a “Short-Term Note”) will be treated as being 
issued at a discount, and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated interest. In 
general, a cash-method U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue the discount for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. Holders who so elect and certain other U.S. Holders, 
including those who report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
are required to include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless another election is 
made to accrue the discount according to a constant-yield method based on daily compounding. A U.S. Holder 
who is not required and who does not elect to include the discount in income currently will treat any gain 
realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the Short-Term Note as ordinary 
income to the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant-
yield method based on daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable 
disposition and will be required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase 
or carry Short-Term Notes, in an amount not exceeding the accrued discount, until the accrued discount is 
included in income.
Under applicable Treasury regulations, if the Issuer or the U.S. Holders have an unconditional option to 
redeem a Note prior to its Maturity Date, this option will be presumed to be exercised if, by utilizing any date 
on which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity date and taking into account the amount payable on that 
date in accordance with the terms of the Note, (1) in the case of the Issuer’s option, the yield on the Note 
would be lower than its yield to the Maturity Date or (2) in the case of the U.S. Holders’ option, the yield on 
the Note would be higher than its yield to the Maturity Date. If this option is not in fact exercised, the Note 
would be treated, solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount, as if it were redeemed, and a new 
note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note’s adjusted issue price on 
that date.

--- Page 132 ---
121
Amortizable Bond Premium. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the sum of 
all amounts payable on the Note other than qualified stated interest, the U.S. Holder will be considered to 
have purchased the Note with amortizable bond premium in an amount equal to such excess. In general, a 
U.S. Holder may elect to amortize this premium, using a constant-yield method, over the remaining term of 
the Note. Special rules may apply in the case of Notes that are subject to optional redemption. A U.S. Holder 
generally may use the amortizable bond premium allocable to an accrual period to offset qualified stated 
interest required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note in that accrual period. A 
U.S. Holder who elects to amortize bond premium must reduce its tax basis in the Note by the amount of the 
premium allowable as an offset in any year. An election to amortize bond premium applies to all taxable debt 
obligations then owned and thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder and may be revoked only with the consent 
of the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”).
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant-yield election (as described under “—Original Issue Discount” above) for a 
Note with amortizable bond premium, that election will result in a deemed election to amortize bond premium 
for all of the U.S. Holder’s debt instruments with amortizable bond premium, and may be revoked only with 
the permission of the IRS, and only with respect to debt instruments acquired after revocation.
Sale, Exchange, Retirement or Other Taxable Disposition of the Notes. Upon the sale, exchange, retirement 
or other taxable disposition of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference 
between the amount realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition and the U.S. 
Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. Gain or loss, if any, generally will be U.S.-source for purposes of 
computing a U.S. Holder’s foreign tax credit limitation. For these purposes, the amount realized does not 
include any amount attributable to accrued qualified stated interest. Amounts attributable to accrued qualified 
stated interest are treated as interest as described under “—Payments of Interest” above. A U.S. Holder’s 
adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal its initial investment in the Note increased by any original 
issue discount included in income and decreased by any bond premium previously amortized and any 
payments, other than qualified stated interest, previously received.
Except as described below, gain or loss realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition 
of a Note will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition, the Note has been held for more than one year.  Long-term capital gain 
of a non-corporate U.S. Holder generally is taxed at preferential rates.  The deductibility of capital losses is 
subject to limitations.  An exception to this general rule applies in the case of a Short Term Note to the extent 
of any accrued discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder’s taxable income.  See “Original Issue 
Discount” above.  In addition, another exception to this general rule applies in the case of certain Foreign 
Currency Notes.  See “—Foreign Currency Notes” below. 
Foreign Currency Notes. The rules applicable to Notes issued in a currency other than U.S. dollars (“Foreign 
Currency Notes”) could require some or all of the gain or loss on the sale, exchange or other taxable 
disposition of a Foreign Currency Note to be recharacterized as ordinary income or loss. The rules applicable 
to Foreign Currency Notes are complex, and their application may depend on the U.S. Holder’s particular U.S. 
federal income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a 
U.S. Holder should make any of these elections may depend on the U.S. Holder’s particular U.S. federal 
income tax situation. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of Foreign Currency Notes.
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated interest 
(or who receives proceeds from a sale, exchange or other disposition attributable to accrued qualified stated 
interest) in a foreign currency with respect to a Foreign Currency Note will be required to include in income 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined based on a spot rate on the date the 
payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars at that time, and 
this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the foreign currency received.
An accrual-method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount of 
interest income (including original issue discount, but reduced by amortizable bond premium to the extent 
applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be taken into account with respect to a Foreign 
Currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value of the accrued income will be determined by 
translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. The U.S. 
Holder may recognize ordinary income or loss (which will not be treated as interest income or expense) with 
respect to accrued interest income on the date the interest payment or proceeds from the sale, exchange or

--- Page 133 ---
122
other taxable disposition attributable to accrued interest is actually received. The amount of ordinary income 
or loss recognized will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment 
received (determined based on a spot rate on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual 
period and the U.S. dollar value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined 
above). Rules similar to these rules apply in the case of cash-method U.S. Holders who are required to 
currently accrue original issue discount on a Foreign Currency Note. An accrual-method U.S. Holder (including 
a cash-method U.S. Holder with respect to original issue discount) may elect to translate interest income 
(including original issue discount) into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period 
(or, in the case of a partial accrual period, the spot rate on the last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of 
receipt is within five business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of 
receipt. A U.S. Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to 
year, and may not change the election without the consent of the IRS.
Original issue discount and amortizable bond premium on a Foreign Currency Note are determined in the 
relevant foreign currency. If an election to amortize bond premium is made, amortizable bond premium taken 
into account on a current basis will reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Gain or 
loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates is realized on amortized bond premium with respect to any 
period by treating the bond premium amortized in the period in the same manner as it would have been treated 
on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the Foreign Currency Note. Any such 
exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. If the election is not made, any bond 
premium will be taken into account in determining the overall gain or loss on the Notes.
As discussed above under “—Sale, Exchange, Retirement or Other Taxable Disposition of a Note,” a U.S. 
Holder generally will recognize gain or loss on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a 
Note equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale, retirement or other taxable disposition 
and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s initial tax basis in a Foreign Currency 
Note generally will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar cost of the Note. The U.S. dollar cost of a 
Foreign Currency Note generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price based on the spot rate in 
effect on the date of purchase (or if the Note is traded on an established securities market and the U.S. Holder 
is a cash-method U.S. Holder or an electing accrual-method U.S. Holder, on the settlement date). If this 
election is made by an accrual-method U.S. Holder it must be applied consistently from year to year and 
cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. The amount of any subsequent adjustment to the U.S. 
Holder’s tax basis (including adjustments for original issue discount included as income and any bond premium 
previously amortized or principal payments received) will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency 
amount paid for the Foreign Currency Note, and of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined 
on the date of the adjustment.
The amount realized on a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition for an amount in foreign 
currency will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount of foreign currency received based on the spot rate in 
effect on the date of sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition (or, in the case of a Foreign 
Currency Note traded on an established securities market, as defined in the applicable Treasury regulations, 
sold by a cash-method U.S. Holder, or an accrual-method U.S. Holder that so elects, on the settlement date). 
Such an election by an accrual-method U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot 
be revoked without the consent of the IRS.
Gain or loss on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note that is 
attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated 
as interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates generally will equal 
the difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Foreign Currency 
Note (or if less, the principal amount of the Foreign Currency Note), determined on the date the payment is 
received or the Note is disposed of (or if the Note is traded on an established securities market, and the U.S. 
Holder is a cash-method U.S. Holder or an electing accrual-method U.S. Holder, on the settlement date); and 
(ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Foreign Currency Note (or if less, the 
principal amount of the Foreign Currency Note), determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note (or 
if the Note is traded on an established securities market and the U.S. Holder is a cash-method U.S. Holder or 
an electing accrual-method U.S. Holder, on the settlement date). Payments received attributable to accrued 
qualified stated interest will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest on 
Foreign Currency Notes described above. The foreign currency gain or loss (including any foreign currency 
gain or loss with respect to accrued but unpaid interest on a disposition) will be recognized only to the extent 
of the total gain or loss realized by a U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition 
of the Foreign Currency Note. The foreign currency gain or loss for U.S. Holders will be U.S.-source. Any gain

--- Page 134 ---
123
or loss in excess of the foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss (except in the case of a Short-
Term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included in income).
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange, retirement or other 
taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, 
determined at the time of sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition. As noted above, if the 
Foreign Currency Notes are traded on an established securities market, a cash-method U.S. Holder or an 
electing accrual-method U.S. Holder who buys or sells a Foreign Currency Note is required to translate units 
of foreign currency paid or received into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase 
or sale. Accordingly, no exchange gain or loss will result from currency fluctuations between the trade date 
and the settlement of the purchase or sale. Any gain or loss realized on a sale or other taxable disposition of 
foreign currency (including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase Foreign Currency Notes) will 
be ordinary income or loss.
A U.S. Holder may be required to file a reportable transaction disclosure statement with its U.S. federal income 
tax return if it realizes a loss on the sale or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note that is greater 
than an applicable threshold amount, which depends on the status of the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that 
claims a deduction with respect to a Foreign Currency Note should consult its tax adviser regarding the need 
to file a reportable transaction disclosure statement.
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting. Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection 
with payments on the Notes and the proceeds from a sale or other taxable disposition of the Notes. A U.S. 
Holder may be subject to backup withholding on these payments if it fails to provide its taxpayer identification 
number and comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption. The amount of 
any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, 
and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the 
IRS.
Certain U.S. Holders may be required to report information relating to an interest in the Issuer’s Notes, subject 
to certain exceptions (including an exception for Notes held in accounts maintained by certain financial 
institutions). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding their reporting obligations with respect 
to the Notes.
FATCA.  Provisions of U.S. tax law commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or 
FATCA, impose a 30% withholding tax on certain payments made to a foreign financial institution (such as 
the Issuer) unless the financial institution is a “participating foreign financial institution,” or a PFFI, or is 
otherwise exempt from FATCA. A PFFI is a foreign financial institution that has entered into an agreement 
with the U.S. Treasury Department, or an FFI agreement, pursuant to which it agrees to perform specified due 
diligence, reporting and withholding functions. Specifically, under its FFI agreement, a PFFI will be required 
to obtain and report to the IRS certain information with respect to financial accounts held by U.S. persons or 
U.S.-owned foreign entities and to withhold 30% from “foreign passthru payments” (which term is not yet 
defined) that it makes to “recalcitrant” accountholders or to foreign financial institutions that are not PFFIs or 
otherwise exempt from FATCA. No such withholding would apply to any payments made on debt obligations 
that are issued before (and not materially modified after) the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payments” are published. In addition, under recently 
proposed regulations (the preamble to which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending 
finalization), no such withholding would apply to any foreign passthru payments before the date that is two 
years after the date on which the final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment" are adopted. 
The United States and Chile have entered into an intergovernmental agreement to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA pursuant to which Chilean financial institutions (such as the Issuer) will be directed 
by Chilean authorities to register with the IRS and fulfill obligations consistent with those required under an 
FFI agreement. The Issuer has registered with the IRS to become a PFFI. The United States has also entered 
into intergovernmental agreements with other jurisdictions. These intergovernmental agreements (including 
the intergovernmental agreement with Chile) do not address how the United States and the relevant 
jurisdictions (including Chile) will address “foreign passthru payments” or whether withholding on such 
payments will be required by financial institutions that are subject to a FATCA intergovernmental agreement.

--- Page 135 ---
124
CERTAIN BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR CONSIDERATIONS
The United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or ERISA, imposes 
fiduciary standards and certain other requirements on employee benefit plans subject to Title I of ERISA  
including entities such as collective investment funds, partnerships and separate accounts whose underlying 
assets include the assets of such plans pursuant to U.S. Department of Labor “plan assets” regulations at 29 
CFR Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (such plans and entities, collectively, “ERISA 
Plans”), and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans.  Investments by ERISA Plans 
are subject to ERISA’s general fiduciary requirements, including the requirement of investment prudence and 
diversification and the requirement that an ERISA Plan’s investments be made in accordance with the 
documents governing the ERISA Plan.  The prudence of a particular investment will be determined by the 
responsible fiduciary of an ERISA Plan by taking into account the ERISA Plan’s particular circumstances and 
all of the facts and circumstances of the investment including, but not limited to, the matters discussed in “Risk 
Factors” and the fact that in the future there may be no market in which the fiduciary will be able to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Notes.
In addition, Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
(the “Code”), prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan (as well as those plans, 
accounts and other arrangements that are not subject to ERISA but are subject to Section 4975 of the Code 
(together with ERISA Plans, “Plans”)) and certain persons (referred to as “parties in interest” under ERISA or 
“disqualified persons” under Section 4975 of the Code) having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a 
statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction.  In particular, a sale or exchange of 
property or an extension of credit between a Plan and a “party in interest” or “disqualified person” may 
constitute a prohibited transaction.  A party in interest or disqualified person who engages in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the 
Code.  In addition, the fiduciary of the Plan that engaged in such a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be 
subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code as well. 
Because of its business, the Issuer, directly or through its affiliates, may be considered a party in interest or 
disqualified person with respect to many Plans.  Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may arise if Notes are acquired, held or disposed of by a Plan with respect 
to which the Issuer, any of the Arrangers, any of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates is a party in 
interest or a disqualified person unless the Notes are acquired and held pursuant to and in accordance with 
an applicable exemption.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may apply depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the 
decision to acquire the Notes and the circumstances under which that decision is made.  Included among 
these exemptions are Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 (relating to investments by 
bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a “qualified professional 
asset manager”), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts), 
PTCE 95-60 (relating to investments by insurance company general accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to 
transactions determined by an in-house asset manager).  In addition, ERISA Section 408(b)(17) and Section 
4975(d)(20) of the Code provide a limited exemption for the purchase and sale of securities and related lending 
transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the securities nor any of its affiliates has or exercises any 
discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the assets of any Plan 
involved in the transaction, and provided further that the Plan pays no more than “adequate consideration” 
(within the meaning of ERISA Section 408(b)(17) and Section 4975(f)(10) of the Code) in connection with the 
transaction (the so-called “service provider exemption”).  There can be no assurance, however, that any of 
these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving 
the Notes.
Governmental plans, certain church plans and non-U.S. plans, while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility 
and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject 
to federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to the foregoing provisions of 
ERISA or the Code (“Similar Laws”).  Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel regarding 
the application of any Similar Law to an investment in the Notes before purchasing the Notes.
Each purchaser or holder of the Notes will be deemed to have represented and warranted by its purchase or 
holding of the Notes that either: (i) no portion of the assets used by it to purchase and hold the Notes 
constitutes assets of (a) any Plan or (b) any non-U.S., governmental or church plan subject to any Similar Law 
and/or laws or regulations that provide that the assets of the Issuer could be deemed to include “plan assets” 
of such plan (each, an “Other Plan Investor”), or (ii) (a) the purchase, holding and subsequent disposition of

--- Page 136 ---
125
the Notes by such purchaser or holder will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or, in the case of an Other Plan Investor, will not constitute 
or result in a violation of any applicable Similar Law and will not subject the Issuer to any laws, rules, or 
regulations applicable to such Other Plan Investor solely as the result of the investment in the Notes by such 
Other Plan Investor and (b) none of the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates is providing 
investment advice, or giving advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the purchase, holding or 
disposition of the Notes acquired in this offering.
Due to the complexity of these rules and the potential penalties for any non-exempt prohibited transactions or 
violations of Similar Laws, any persons considering purchasing the Notes on behalf of, or with the assets of, 
any Plan or Other Plan Investor should consult with their counsel regarding the relevant provisions of ERISA, 
the Code or any Similar Laws and the availability of exemptive relief under PTCE 91-38, 84-14, 90-1, 95-60, 
96-23, the service provider exemption or some other basis on which the acquisition, holding and disposition 
of the Notes will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 
of the Code or a violation of any applicable Similar Laws.
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and is not intended to be all-inclusive.  Each Plan or 
Other Plan Investor fiduciary should consult with its legal advisor concerning the potential 
consequences to the Plan or Other Plan Investor under ERISA, the Code or any applicable Similar 
Laws of an investment in the Notes.
The sale of the Notes to a Plan or Other Plan Investor is in no respect a representation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or their respective affiliates that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements 
with respect to investment by Plans or Other Plan Investors generally or any particular Plan or Other 
Plan Investor, or that such an investment is appropriate for Plans or Other Plan Investors generally or 
any particular Plan or Other Plan Investor.  Neither this discussion nor anything in this Base 
Prospectus is or is intended to be investment advice directed at any potential purchaser that is a Plan 
or Other Plan Investor, or at such purchasers generally.

--- Page 137 ---
126
SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO FOREIGN CURRENCY NOTES
GENERAL
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply to Foreign 
Currency Notes which are in addition to, and to the extent inconsistent therewith replace, the description of 
general terms and provisions of the Notes set forth elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
PAYMENTS ON FOREIGN CURRENCY NOTES
Purchasers are required to pay for the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. In certain 
jurisdictions, there may be limited facilities for conversion of home currencies into foreign currencies, and vice 
versa. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, many banks may not offer foreign currency denominated checking 
or savings account facilities.
Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on each Note will be made in immediately available 
funds in the Specified Currency unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and except as 
provided under “Changing the Specified Currency of Foreign Currency Notes” below.
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a holder of the equivalent of U.S.$1,000,000 or more 
aggregate principal amount of a definitive Registered Note denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. Dollars may elect subsequent to the issuance thereof that future payments be converted, or not be 
converted, as the case may be, at the Market Exchange Rate to U.S. Dollars by transmitting a written request 
for such payments to the relevant Paying Agent on or prior to the Regular Record Date or at least 16 days 
prior to maturity or earlier redemption or repayment, as the case may be. Such request shall include 
appropriate payment instructions and shall be in writing (mail or hand delivered) or by cable, telex or facsimile 
transmission. A holder may elect to receive all future payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest in 
either the Specified Currency or in U.S. Dollars, as specified in the written request, and need not file a separate 
election for each payment. Such election will remain in effect until revoked by a subsequent election made in 
the manner and at the times prescribed in this paragraph. Owners of beneficial interests in permanent global 
Notes or holders of definitive Bearer Notes should contact their broker or nominee to determine whether and 
how an election to receive payment in either U.S. Dollars or the Specified Currency may be made.
The “Market Exchange Rate” means, as of any time of determination which shall be two business days prior 
to payment date the Specified Currencies other than U.S. Dollars to U.S. dollar exchange rate as quoted by 
the Exchange Rate Agent for similar client driven orders.
All determinations made by the Exchange Rate Agent shall be at its sole discretion and, in the absence of 
manifest error, shall be conclusive for all purposes and binding on holders of the Notes and the Exchange 
Rate Agent shall have no liability therefor. Under no circumstances shall Banco Santander-Chile bear any 
responsibility for losses incurred by a holder due to fluctuations in the Market Exchange Rate.
Specific information about the Specified Currency in which a particular Foreign Currency Note is denominated 
will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. Any information therein concerning exchange rates is furnished 
as a matter of information only and should not be regarded as indicative of the range of or trends in fluctuations 
in currency exchange rates that may occur in the future.
MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS, RESTRICTIONS ON MATURITIES, REPAYMENT AND REDEMPTION
General. Notes denominated in Specified Currencies other than U.S. Dollars shall have such minimum 
denominations and be subject to such restrictions on maturities, repayment and redemption as are set forth 
below or as are set forth in the applicable Final Terms in the event different restrictions on minimum 
denominations, maturities, repayment and redemption may be permitted or required from time to time by any 
relevant central bank or equivalent governmental body, however designated, or by such laws or regulations 
as are applicable to the Notes or the Specified Currency. Certain restrictions related to the distribution of Notes 
denominated in Specified Currencies other than U.S. Dollars are set forth under “Plan of Distribution” in this 
Base Prospectus. Any other restrictions applicable to Notes denominated in Specified Currencies other than 
U.S. Dollars will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms relating to such Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
127
Minimum Denominations. Unless permitted by then current laws, regulations and directives, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom and which have a maturity of less than one year will only be issued if (a) the redemption value of 
each such Note is at least £100,000 as determined at the time of issuance or an amount of equivalent value 
denominated wholly or partly in a currency other than Sterling, (b) no part of any Note may be transferred 
unless the redemption value of that part is at least £100,000, or such an equivalent amount, and (c) such 
Notes are issued to a limited class of professional investors, unless the relevant Note(s) can be issued and 
sold without contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA. See “Plan of Distribution.”
Restrictions on Maturities, Repayment and Redemption. All Notes (irrespective of the Specified Currency in 
which they are denominated) will comply with applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank requirements in 
respect of minimum required maturities and limitations on redemption by the Issuer or holder of such Note.
CHANGING THE SPECIFIED CURRENCY OF FOREIGN CURRENCY NOTES
Payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on any Note denominated in a Specified Currency 
other than U.S. Dollars shall be made in U.S. Dollars if, on any payment date, such Specified Currency (a) is 
unavailable due to imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control or (b) 
is no longer used by the government of the country issuing such Specified Currency or for the settlement of 
transactions by public institutions in that country or within the international banking community. Such payments 
shall be made in U.S. Dollars on such payment date and on all subsequent payment dates until such Specified 
Currency is again available or so used as determined by such Issuer.
Amounts so payable on any such date in such Specified Currency shall be converted into U.S. Dollars at a 
rate determined by the Exchange Rate Agent (as defined below) on the basis of the most recently available 
Market Exchange Rate. The “Exchange Rate Agent” at the date of this Base Prospectus is Bank of America, 
National Association. Any payment required to be made on Foreign Currency Notes denominated in a 
Specified Currency that is instead made in U.S. Dollars under the circumstances described above will not 
constitute a default of any obligation of the Issuer under such Notes.
The provisions of the two preceding paragraphs shall not apply in the event of the introduction in the country 
issuing any Specified Currency of the Euro pursuant to the entry of such country into European Economic and 
Monetary Union. In such an event, payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on any Note 
denominated in any such Specified Currency shall be effected in Euro at such time as is required by, and 
otherwise in conformity with, legally applicable measures adopted with reference to such country’s entry into 
the European Economic and Monetary Union.

--- Page 139 ---
128
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear, CBL or CBF (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect. The 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been accurately reproduced and far as the 
Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by such third-party Clearing Systems, no 
facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  Investors 
wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability 
of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. Neither the Issuer nor any other 
party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests.
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS
DTC
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking 
Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within 
the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to 
section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (“Participants”) deposit with DTC. 
DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and 
pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in Participants’ accounts, 
thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations 
(“Direct Participants”). DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock 
Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. 
Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust 
companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (“Indirect Participants”).
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “Rules”), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect 
to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives 
and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Notes (“Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry 
transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although 
Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered 
Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct 
Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes.
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant’s records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are 
expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements 
of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on 
the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for 
the DTC Notes is discontinued.
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration 
in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose 
accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will 
remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers.

--- Page 140 ---
129
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed 
by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from 
time to time.
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed.
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns 
Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are 
credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct 
Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on 
DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments 
by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and 
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, 
and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect 
Participants.
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended 
as set forth under “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.”
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below.
Euroclear, CBL and CBF
Euroclear, CBL and CBF each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement 
of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear, CBL and CBF provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and 
settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear, CBL and CBF 
also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depositary and custodial 
relationships. Euroclear, CBL and CBF have established an electronic bridge between their two systems 
across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other.
Euroclear, CBL and CBF customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear, CBL and 
CBF is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account 
holder of either system.
BOOK-ENTRY OWNERSHIP OF AND PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF DTC NOTES
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective principal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have 
accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership 
of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositories of Euroclear 
and CBL. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on,

--- Page 141 ---
130
and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee 
(with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to 
interests of Indirect Participants).
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of 
such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the 
currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into 
U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account.
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the 
responsibility of DTC, the relevant Paying Agent, the relevant Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer.
TRANSFERS OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and CBL 
will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing 
system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery 
of notes in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. However, 
as discussed above, such exchanges will generally not be available. Similarly, because DTC can only act on 
behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of 
a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge 
such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in 
respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The 
ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold 
such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system.
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions,” cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or 
indirectly through CBL or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing 
system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the relevant Registrar, the relevant Paying 
Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited.
On or after the Original Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders 
in CBL and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will generally have 
a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery 
versus payment will apply to such transfers.
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in CBL or Euroclear and DTC participants will need to have 
an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, 
on the one hand, and CBL and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global 
Notes will be effected through the relevant Registrar, the relevant Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving 
instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests 
being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market 
transfers, settlement between Euroclear or CBL accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a 
delivery versus payment basis. The Notes will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for 
payment must be made separately.
DTC, CBL and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers 
of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of DTC, CBL and 
Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and

--- Page 142 ---
131
such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents nor any Dealer 
will be responsible for any performance by DTC, CBL or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made 
on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 143 ---
132
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
The Dealers have, in the Fourth Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under “Description of the Notes.” In the Fourth Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
the establishment and any future update of the Program and the issue of Notes under the Program and to 
indemnify the Dealers certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
Transfer Restrictions
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. Each 
purchaser of Registered Notes or person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Note to another 
or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows 
(terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined 
therein):
(a) that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) it 
is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person;
(b) that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not 
be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below;
(c)
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, the applicable distribution compliance 
period has elapsed and it is a person located outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in 
the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the 
Notes, it will do so only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person 
whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a 
QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and which takes delivery in the form of 
an interest in the Rule 144A Global Note, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 
or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to another available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws;
(d) that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable;
(e) that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes, and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(f)
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING 
THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
NOTES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT AND OTHER THAN (1) 
TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM 
THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING

--- Page 144 ---
133
OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO 
ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (5) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH 
CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH 
PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALE OF THIS NOTE.
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FISCAL 
AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME 
TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH NOTES SENT 
TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR 
RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW 
OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES 
OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED NOTES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON)”;
THIS LEGEND CAN ONLY BE REMOVED AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER.
(g) if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the 40-day distribution compliance period which commences upon 
completion of distribution of all the Notes of the Tranche of which the Notes being resold or otherwise 
transferred forms a part of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of 
the Notes), it will do so only (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under 
the Securities Act and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it 
acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FISCAL 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 
FORTY DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; 
(h) that either: (i) no portion of the assets used by it to purchase and hold the Notes constitutes assets 
of (a) any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), (b) any plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement 
subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), (c) 
any entity whose underlying assets are considered to include “plan assets” (for purposes of ERISA) 
of any such employee benefit plan, plan, account or arrangement (each of the foregoing in clauses 
(a), (b) and (c), a “Plan”) or (d) any non-U.S., governmental or church plan subject to any federal, 
state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the 
Code (“Similar Laws”) and/or laws or regulations that provide that the assets of the Issuer could be 
deemed to include “plan assets” of such plan (each, an “Other Plan Investor”), or (ii) (a) the purchase, 
holding and subsequent disposition of the Notes by such purchaser will not constitute or result in a 
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or, in 
the case of an Other Plan Investor, will not constitute or result in a violation of any applicable Similar 
Law and will not subject the Issuer to any laws, rules, or regulations applicable to such Other Plan 
Investor solely as the result of the investment in the Notes by such Other Plan Investor and (b) none

--- Page 145 ---
134
of the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice, or giving 
advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the purchase, holding or disposition of the Notes 
acquired in this offering:
“EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED 
AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER: (I) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY IT TO PURCHASE AND 
HOLD the NOTES CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF (A) ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE 
I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), 
(B) ANY PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), (C) 
ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” (FOR 
PURPOSES OF ERISA) OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, PLAN, ACCOUNT OR 
ARRANGEMENT (EACH OF THE FOREGOING IN CLAUSES (A), (B) AND (C), A “PLAN”) OR (D) ANY 
NON-U.S., GOVERNMENTAL OR CHURCH PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-
U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR 
THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAWS”) AND/OR LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT PROVIDE THAT THE ASSETS 
OF THE ISSUER COULD BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF SUCH PLAN (EACH, AN “OTHER 
PLAN INVESTOR”), OR (II) (A) THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE 
NOTES BY SUCH PURCHASER WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR, IN THE CASE 
OF AN OTHER PLAN INVESTOR, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY 
APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW AND WILL NOT SUBJECT THE ISSUER TO ANY LAWS, RULES, OR 
REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO SUCH OTHER PLAN INVESTOR SOLELY AS THE RESULT OF THE 
INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES BY SUCH OTHER PLAN INVESTOR AND (B) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE 
DEALERS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES IS PROVIDING INVESTMENT ADVICE, OR 
GIVING ADVICE IN A FIDUCIARY CAPACITY, IN CONNECTION WITH THE PURCHASE, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES ACQUIRED IN THIS OFFERING;
 (i)
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations 
or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is 
acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with such 
a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each 
person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) of 
Registered Notes.
UNITED STATES
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S.
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on the safe harbor 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until forty days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant 
lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells 
any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 146 ---
135
Until forty days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of Notes 
to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be 
relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The 
minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is 
U.S.$150,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other Specified Currency). To the extent that the 
Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed 
to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such 
information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4) so long as the Notes are considered “restricted securities” 
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act.
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
United States Treasury Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable to 
the Bearer Notes, or whether neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.
In the case of Bearer Notes to which the TEFRA D Rules have been specified to apply, the Notes may not be 
delivered, offered, sold or resold, directly or indirectly, in connection with their original issuance or during the 
Restricted Period in the United States to or for the account of any United States person, other than to certain 
persons as provided under United States Treasury Regulations. An offer or sale will be considered to be made 
to a person within the United States if the offeror or seller has an address within the United States for the 
offeree or purchaser with respect to the offer or sale. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
(and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree) that:
(a) except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
Restricted Period will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United 
States or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within 
the United States definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during the Restricted Period;
(b) it has and throughout the Restricted Period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are 
aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is 
within the United States or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules;
(c)
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and, if such Dealer retains Notes in 
bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and
(d) with respect to each affiliate (if any) that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form for the 
purposes of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) hereby 
represents and agrees on behalf of such affiliate (if any) to the effect set forth in sub-paragraphs (a), 
(b) and (c) of this paragraph or (ii) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate (if any) for the benefit 
of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this 
paragraph.
Where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of 
Bearer Notes, such Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States in connection with their 
original issuance. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each additional Dealer 
appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree) in respect of such Notes that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any such Notes within the 
United States in connection with the original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed (and

--- Page 147 ---
136
each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree) in connection with 
the original issuance of such Notes in bearer form, that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, 
directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States 
or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the U.S. office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of Notes.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to agree, that 
it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangements with respect to the distribution or 
delivery of Notes except with its affiliates (if any) or with the prior written consent of the Issuer.
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than 365 days (including unilateral rights to rollover or extend) 
and interest coupons pertaining to such Note, if any, will bear the following legend: “Any United States person 
who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.”
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus specifies “Prohibition 
of Sales to Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein in 
addition to the member states of the European Union). For the purposes of this provision, the expression 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus specifies “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”) that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to  the public in that Relevant State: (a) at any time to any legal entity 
which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; (b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; (c) at any time 
if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or equivalent); or (d) at any time in 
any other circumstances falling within Article (1)(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer 
of Notes referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to the Notes of 
any tranche in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for such Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).
The above selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out below.
UNITED KINGDOM
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer to sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or

--- Page 148 ---
137
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their business or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent), for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
If the applicable Final Terms for the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus specifies  “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, each  Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: the expression retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA  and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
If the applicable  Final Terms in respect of any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus specifies “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make any offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: (a) at any time to any legal 
entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; (c) at 
any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or equivalent) or (d) at any 
time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such offer of Notes 
referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 
85 of the FSMA  or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
In connection with any offering of Notes hereunder, none of the Dealers that are regulated in the United 
Kingdom are acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the 
Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in relation to any such 
offering.
LUXEMBOURG
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by, and will not be submitted for approval to, the Luxembourg 
Financial Services Authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, or the “CSSF”) or a 
competent authority of another EU Member State for notification to the CSSF, for purposes of a public offering 
or sale in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (“Luxembourg”). Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or 
sold to the public in Luxembourg, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering 
circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may be distributed, or otherwise 
made available in, from or published in, Luxembourg, except in circumstances which do not constitute an offer 
of securities to the public requiring the publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Luxembourg Act of

--- Page 149 ---
138
10 July 2005 on prospectuses for securities, as amended, (the “Prospectus Act”) and implementing 
the  Directive 2003/71/EC of 4 November 2003, as amended. Consequently, this Base Prospectus and any 
other offering circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may only be distributed 
to (i) Luxembourg qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Act, (ii) no more than 149 prospective 
investors, which are not qualified investors and/or (iii) in any other circumstance contemplated by the 
Prospectus Act.
An “offer of notes to the public” in relation to any notes in Luxembourg means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offering and the notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe to the notes.
FRANCE
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Program will be required to represent and agree, that:
 (a) offer to the public in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public (offre au public) in France in the period 
(i) beginning (A) when a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been approved by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (“AMF”), on the date of such publication or (B) when a prospectus has been approved by the 
competent authority of another Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
EU Directive 2003/71/EC, on the date of notification of such approval to the AMF and (ii) ending at the latest 
on the date which is twelve months after the date of approval of such prospectus, all in accordance with 
Articles L.411-1, L. 411-2, L 411-2-1, L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
Prospectus Regulation and the Règlement général of the AMF; or
(b) private placement in France:
in connection with their initial distribution, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or 
cause to be distributed to the public in France this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, pursuant to the exemption under Article 1(4)(a) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to 
(i) provider of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties, and/or 
(ii) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, 
articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-2 to D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier, article 2(e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Règlement général of the AMF and other applicable regulations.
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedure of the AMF.
ITALY
To the extent that the offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation 
and, therefore, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, 
letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time 
(“Regulation No. 11971”); or
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 
of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971.
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be:

--- Page 150 ---
139
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and
(ii)
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request 
information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from 
the rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the 
secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement 
rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules 
may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors.
THE NETHERLANDS
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree, 
that any Notes with a maturity of less than twelve months and a denomination of less than €50,000 will only 
be offered in the Netherlands to professional market parties as defined in the Financial Supervision Act and 
the decrees issued pursuant thereto.
JAPAN
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) and each Dealer 
has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to agree that it has not 
offered or sold and it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Control Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
HONG KONG
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (i) to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures 
(whether as principal or agent); or (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) 
in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
“C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; 
and
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO.

--- Page 151 ---
140
SINGAPORE
Each Dealer will be required to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
Prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant 
to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole 
purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust 
has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: (1) to an institutional 
investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), 
and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (2) where no consideration is given 
for the transfer; or (3) by operation of law.
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets 
products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
AUSTRALIA
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined by the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
“Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Program or any Notes has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”).
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that unless the applicable Final Terms (or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus) otherwise provides, it:
(a) has not made offers or invited applications (directly or indirectly), and will not make offers or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of the Notes in Australia (including an offer or invitation 
which is received by a person in Australia); and
(b) has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus, any 
Supplement, any other prospectus, any disclosure document, advertisement or other offering 
material relating to the Notes in Australia,
unless:
(i)
the offeree is a “wholesale client” within the meaning of section 761G(4) of the Corporations Act;
(ii)
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in any 
alternative currency but, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or 
the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Parts 
6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act;

--- Page 152 ---
141
(iii) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives (including, without 
limitation, the licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act); and
(iv) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC.
Section 708(19) of the Corporations Act provides that an offer of debentures for issue or sale does not need 
disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act if the Issuer is an Australian ADI (as defined 
in the Corporations Act). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Santander-Chile is an Australian ADI 
for the purposes of the Corporations Act.
SWITZERLAND
The Dealers have agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to agree, 
that it will comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines in Switzerland from time to time, including, but not 
limited to, any regulations made by the Swiss Federal Banking Commission and/or the Swiss National Bank 
(if any) in relation to the offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes or the distribution of any offering material 
in Switzerland in respect of such Notes.
DUBAI
This Base Prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”).  This Base Prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a 
type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA.  It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any 
other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with 
Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this Base Prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information 
set forth herein and has no responsibility for the Base Prospectus.  The shares to which this Base Prospectus 
relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the shares 
offered should conduct their own due diligence on the shares. If you do not understand the contents of this 
Base Prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor.
BRAZIL
The offer of Notes described in this Base Prospectus will not be carried out by any means that would constitute 
a public offering in Brazil under Law No. 6,385, of December 7, 1976, as amended, and under CVM Rule 
(Instrução) No. 400, of December 29, 2003, as amended.  The offer and sale of the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários in Brazil.  The Notes have not been offered or 
sold, and will not be offered or sold in Brazil, except in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering 
or distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations.
PERU
In Peru, this offering will be considered a public offering directed exclusively to institutional investors under 
CONASEV Resolution No. 079-2008-EF/94.01.1. 
The Notes and this Base Prospectus have been registered with the SMV in accordance with the procedure 
set forth in SMV Resolution No. 004-2011-EF/94.01.1, applicable to international offerings with a placement 
tranche in Peru executed in reliance with Rule 144A of the Act.
In order to purchase the Notes, institutional investors in Peru must sign a statement representing that they 
understand (i) differences which exist among the accounting and tax treatment in Peru and the country or 
countries where the Notes will be traded, and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Notes.
CHILE
The Notes will not be registered under Law 18,045, as amended, of Chile with the Financial Market 
Commission (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero), and accordingly, they may be not be offered to 
persons in Chile, except in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering under Chilean law.

--- Page 153 ---
142
CANADA
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45–106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with this offering.
GENERAL
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 154 ---
143
GENERAL INFORMATION
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for financing the business of the Issuer, as the case 
may be. A substantial portion of the proceeds from the issue of certain Notes may be used to hedge market 
risk with respect to such Notes. If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.
AUTHORIZATION
The establishment of the Program, updates of the Program and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly 
authorized by the Board of Directors of the Issuer.
The establishment of the Program and updates of the Program are considered to be in the ordinary course of 
the Issuer’s business and therefore were not and will not be authorized by board resolutions.
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations 
in connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes.
LEGAL, GOVERNMENTAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS
The Issuer is not, or during the last twelve months has not, been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position 
or profitability.
STATEMENT OF NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since December 31, 2021.
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE ISSUER’S FINANCIAL POSITION
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Santander Group 
since March 31, 2022.
CLEARING SYSTEMS
The relevant Final Terms will specify which clearing system or systems (including CBF, DTC, CBL and/or 
Euroclear) has/have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance and provide any further appropriate information.  
The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier Code is 3YJP8HORPAEXJ80D6368.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium; 
the address of CBL is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-2967, Luxembourg; the address of 
CBF is Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt, Neue Börsenstrasse 1, 60487 Frankfurt, Germany; and the 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING INFORMATION
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Program to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market.  
The Program provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading on other or further stock exchanges, 
including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the SIX 
Swiss Exchange, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue.  
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 155 ---
144
For so long as the Notes are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, the Notes will be freely transferable and negotiable in accordance with the rules and requirements of 
Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 156 ---
145
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
In connection with an offering of the Notes, one or more Dealers designated as Managers in the relevant Final 
Terms will initially propose to offer the Notes for resale at the issue price that appears in the relevant Final 
Terms.  After the initial offering, the relevant Managers may change the offering price and any other selling 
terms. Managers may offer and sell Notes through certain of their affiliates.
In connection with any offering of Notes, the Managers may purchase and sell such Notes in the open market.  
These transactions may include short sales, purchases to cover positions created by short sales and 
stabilizing transactions.
Short sales involve the sale by a Manager of a greater principal amount of Notes than it is required to purchase 
in the offering.  A Manager may close out any short position by purchasing Notes in the open market.  A short 
position is more likely to be created if a Manager is concerned that there may be downward pressure on the 
price of the Notes in the open market prior to the completion of the offering.
Stabilizing transactions consist of various bids for or purchases of the Notes made by a Manager in the open 
market prior to the completion of the offering.
Purchases to cover a short position and stabilizing transactions may have the effect of preventing or slowing 
a decline in the market price of the Notes. Additionally, these purchases may stabilize, maintain or otherwise 
affect the market price of the Notes. As a result, the price of the Notes may be higher than the price that might 
otherwise exist in the open market. However, there is no assurance that the Managers will undertake 
stabilization transactions. If the Managers engage in stabilizing or short-covering transactions, they may 
discontinue them at any time, and if begun, must be brought to an end after a limited period. Any over-allotment 
stabilizing and short- covering transaction must be conducted by the relevant managers, or persons acting on 
their behalf, in accordance with applicable laws. These transactions may be effected in the over-the-counter 
market or otherwise.
Some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking 
and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer or its affiliates.  They have 
received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Managers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its 
affiliates.  If any of the Managers or their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of those 
Managers or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those Managers or  their  affiliates  may  
hedge,  their  credit  exposure  to  the  Issuer  consistent  with  customary  risk management policies. Typically, 
such Managers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including 
potentially the Notes offered hereby.  Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of any issuance of Notes. The Managers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 157 ---
146
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY
So long as Notes are admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, 
copies of the following documents will be available for inspection in physical and electronic form from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in London:
(a) the articles of association (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer;
(b) the Issuer’s 2021 IFRS Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on 
February 25, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial 
statements as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, 
2020 and 2019, prepared in accordance with IFRS);
(c)
the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on March 24, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the 
fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP);
(d) the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on May 12, 2021 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the 
fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP);
(e) the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on June 2, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 
2022, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP);
(f)
the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on May 10, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s unaudited management commentary for the three months ended March 31, 2022, prepared 
in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP).
(g) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and
(h) any future supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms to this Base Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.
The documents may also be obtained by visiting the Issuer's website at https://santandercl.gcs-
web.com/financials/annual-reports. None of the information contained on the Issuer’s website is incorporated 
by reference into, or forms part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 158 ---
147
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Documents Incorporated by Reference
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, 
and to form part of, this Base Prospectus and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland for the purpose of the 
Prospectus Regulation:
(a) the Issuer’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 
25, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of 
December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS): https://santandercl.gcs-web.com/static-files/84fd7ef8-aee0-
4592-ba61-879130852000;
(b) the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on March 24, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the 
fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP): 
https://santandercl.gcs-web.com/node/19061/html;
(c)
the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on May 12, 2021 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the 
fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP): 
https://santandercl.gcs-web.com/node/17981/html;
(d) the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on June 2, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the three months ended 
March 31, 2022, prepared in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP): https://santandercl.gcs-
web.com/node/19376/html;  and
(e) the Issuer’s current report on Form 6-K, filed on May 10, 2022 with the SEC (which includes the 
Issuer’s unaudited management commentary for the three months ended March 31, 2022, prepared 
in accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP): https://santandercl.gcs-web.com/node/19311/html. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
Cross-reference List of Documents Incorporated by Reference
 (1) The following information is set forth in the 2021 IFRS Annual Report:
Page(s)
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
3
RISK FACTORS 
10-45
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS 
67-121
Legal Proceedings 
137
Material Contracts 
147
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-3 – F-4

--- Page 159 ---
148
Page(s)
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 
2021 and 2020
F-5
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 
31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
F-6
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years 
Ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
F-7
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended 
December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
F-8 – F-9
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended 
December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
F-10 – F-11
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-12 – F-169
(2) The following information is set forth in the 2021 Audited Consolidated Chilean Bank GAAP Financial 
Statements:
Page(s)
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
3
Consolidated Statement of Income
4
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
5
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
6
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
7
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
9-150
(3) The following information is set forth in the 2020 Audited Consolidated Chilean Bank GAAP Financial 
Statements:
Page(s)
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
3
Consolidated Statement of Income
4
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
5
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
6
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
7
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
9-159
(4) The following information is set forth in the First Quarter 2022 Unaudited Consolidated Interim Chilean 
Bank GAAP Financial Statements 6-K: 
Page(s)
CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
3
Interim Consolidated Statements of Income 
5
Interim Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income 
7
Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
8
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
11
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
12-211

--- Page 160 ---
149
(5) The following information is set forth in the First Quarter 2022 Chilean Bank GAAP Management 
Commentary 6-K:
Page(s)
Section 1: Key information
0
Section 2: The nature of the business
2
Section 3: Corporate governance
8
Section 4: Strategy and Responsible Banking
15
Section 5: Segment information
26
Section 6: Balance sheet and results
31
Section 7: Risks
47
Section 8: Credit Risk ratings
62
Annex 1: Balance sheet (Unaudited)
63
Annex 2: Income Statement YTD (Unaudited)
64
Annex 3: Quarterly results (Unaudited)
65
Annex 4: Quarterly evolution of main ratios and other information
66
Annex 5: 2021 proforma financial information
68

--- Page 161 ---
150
NAMES AND ADDRESSES
Issuer
Banco Santander-Chile
Bandera 140
Santiago
Chile
Arrangers
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Santander Investment Securities Inc.
45 East 53rd Street 
New York, NY 10022 
United States
Dealers
BNP Paribas, London Branch 
10 Harewood Avenue 
London
United Kingdom
NW1 6AA
BNP Paribas Securities Corp.
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, NY 10019
United States
BofA Securities, Inc.
One Bryant Park
New York, NY 10036
United States
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
388 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10013
United States
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf
London, E14 5LB
United Kingdom
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank
12 place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
11 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10010
United States
Daiwa Capital Markets America Inc.
32 Old Slip
New York, NY 10005
United States
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
United States
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
200 West Street
New York, NY 10282
United States
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London, E14 5HQ
United Kingdom 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.
452 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10018
United States
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
383 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10179
United States
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey
London, EC4M 7AU
United Kingdom
Mizuho Securities USA LLC
1271 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10020 
United States
Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc
25 Cabot Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 4QA
Santander Investment Securities 
Inc.
45 East 53rd Street
New York, NY 10022
United States
Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.
250 Vesey Street
New York, NY 10281
United States
SMBC Nikko Securities America, 
Inc.
277 Park Avenue, 5th floor
New York, New York 10172
Standard Chartered Bank
1 Basinghall Avenue
London
United Kingdom
EC2V 5DD

--- Page 162 ---
151
UBS AG London Branch
5 Broadgate 
London, EC2M 2QS
United Kingdom
UBS Securities LLC
1285 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10019
United States
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
D-81925 Munich
Germany
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
550 S. Tryon St, MAC D1086-051 Charlotte, NC 28202
United States

--- Page 163 ---
152
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Transfer Agent
Bank of America, National Association, London Branch
2 King Edward Street
London EC1A 1HG
United Kingdom
European Registrar
Bank of America Europe DAC
Central Park –Block D
Leopardstown Road
Dublin 18
D18N924
Ireland
Irish Listing Agent
McCann Fitzgerald Listing Services Limited
Riverside One
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay
Dublin 2
D02 X576
Ireland
U.S. Paying Agent, U.S. Registrar and U.S. Transfer Agent
Bank of America, National Association
201 North Tryon Street
NC1-022-06-10
Charlotte, NC 28202
United States
Legal Advisers
To the Issuer as to New York law
To the Dealers as to New York Law
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP
450 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017
United States
Shearman & Sterling LLP
599 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022
United States
Chilean Counsel
Philippi, Prietocarrizosa, Ferrero DU & Uría Ltda.
El Golf 40 piso 20,
Las Condes, Santiago
Chile